              INTERNATIONAL
              AIRLINES
              GROUP




Connecting
people,
businesses
and countries
ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021
Contents


                                                                                      Management Report
Strategic Report                         Corporate governance
                                                                                      IAG is required to prepare a Management
1     Our purpose                        124   Chairman’s introduction to corporate   Report in accordance with Article 262 of
                                               governance                             the Spanish Companies Act and Article 49
2     Connecting people
                                         126   Board of Directors                     of the Spanish Commercial Code. Pursuant
4     Connecting businesses                                                           to this legislation, this Management Report
                                         128   Corporate governance                   must contain a fair review of the progress
6     Connecting countries
                                         144   Report of the Nominations              of the business and the performance of the
8     Chairman’s letter                                                               Group, together with a description of the
                                               Committee
10    Chief Executive Officer’s review                                                principal risks and uncertainties that it
                                         148   Report of the Safety, Environment      faces. In the preparation of this report, IAG
14    Management Committee                     and Corporate Responsibility           has taken into consideration the guide
                                               Committee                              published in 2013 by the Spanish National
16    Business model
                                         152   Report of the Audit and Compliance     Securities Market Commission (CNMV)
18    Our strategic priorities                                                        which establishes a number of
                                               Committee
22    Key performance indicators                                                      recommendations for the preparation of
                                         162   Report of the Remuneration             management reports of listed companies.
24    Stakeholders engagement                  Committee
                                                                                      The Management Report is composed of
34    Financial overview                                                              the following sections:
35    Financial review                   Financial Statements                         10   Business model
48    British Airways                    190   Consolidated income statement          18   Our strategic priorities
50    Iberia                             191   Consolidated statement                 22   Key performance indicators
52    Vueling                                  of other comprehensive income
                                                                                      34   Financial overview
54    Aer Lingus
                                         192   Consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                      35   Financial review
56    IAG Cargo
                                         193   Consolidated cash flow statement
                                                                                      63   Sustainability
58    IAG Loyalty
                                         194   Consolidated statement
                                               of changes in equity                   100 Risk management and principal risk
60    LEVEL                                                                               factors
                                         196   Notes to the consolidated
61    IAG GBS                                  financial statements                   122 Regulatory environment
62    IAG Tech                           263   Alternative performance measures       The Annual Corporate Governance Report
                                                                                      is part of this Management Report but has
63    Sustainability                     269   Group investments                      been presented separately.
100   Risk management and
                                                                                      This report has been filed with the CNMV,
      principal risk factors             Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities     together with the required statistical
122   Regulatory environment             Independent Auditors’ Report                 annex, in accordance with the CNMV
                                                                                      Circular 2/2018, dated June 12. The Annual
                                                                                      Corporate Governance Report and the
                                         Additional Information
                                                                                      statistical annex are also available on the
                                         284   Glossary                               Company’s website (www.iairgroup.com).
                                         286   Fleet table                            The Non-Financial Information Statement
                                                                                      in response to the requirements of Law
                                         287   Operating and financial statistics
                                                                                      11/2018, of December 28 (amending the
                                         IBC   Shareholder information                Commercial Code, the revised Capital
                                                                                      Companies Law approved by Legislative
                                                                                      Royal Decree 1/2010, of July 2, 2010 and
                                                                                      Audit Law 22/2015, of July 20, 2015), is
                                                                                      part of this Management Report and is
                                                                                      available on the Company’s website
                                                                                      (www.iairgroup.com).
Our role in the
world is to connect
people, businesses
and countries.




We believe in the power     We enable this and create value
                            through a unique model that
of aviation as a social     enables our airlines to perform
                            in the long-term interests of our
good. Being face-to-        customers, people, shareholders
face matters deeply:        and society – knowing that success
                            in each reinforces the others.
for the moments that        Join us as we delve into what
matter in work and life,    connecting people, businesses
                            and countries means to IAG.
for people with family in
other countries, for the
chance to experience
new cultures and
landscapes, and to
transport vital cargo.




                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   1
    Strategic Report

OUR PURPOSE




Connecting
Connecting people goes beyond
building strong, trusted relationships
between our employees, customers
and suppliers.
It means bringing our customers
together through travel – reuniting
families and friends, or bringing work
colleagues and students together.
But often, there doesn’t have to
be a reason beyond giving our
customers the chance to experience
new cultures and landscapes.




                                                                         Reconnecting families and
                                                                         friends across the Atlantic
                                                                         We were so proud to reunite
                                                                         families and friends following the
                                                                         lifting of the US travel restrictions on
                                                                         November 8, 2021. British Airways
                                                                         operated the first transatlantic flight
                                                                         powered by 35 per cent Sustainable
                                                                         Aviation Fuel. There were emotional
                                                                         scenes in New York as families reunited,
                                                                         with some meeting new family members
                                                                         for the first time after being separated
                                                                         for more than 18 months.
Flying to places that needed us most
Throughout the pandemic we operated
around 167 repatriation flights from 33 cities
across 21 countries to bring our customers
home. Each time travel restrictions were
eased, we laid on additional flights to more
destinations so we could fly passengers where
they needed to be.




2       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                                                                 Supporting humanitarian missions
                                                                 Working with the UK Government and
                                                                 UNICEF Spain, IAG Cargo flew 25 tonnes of
                                                                 aid to help the recovery efforts in Haiti
                                                                 following the earthquake that struck the
                                                                 country in August 2021.




Transporting aid to those in need:
millions of doses of vaccines carried
during the pandemic
We have continued to support countries’
efforts to combat the pandemic, helping
out wherever we could. Having carried
20,000 tonnes of PPE and humanitarian aid
in 2020, in 2021 we flew millions of doses
of COVID-19 vaccines — delivering to
almost every corner of the world on a             Helping to rescue four-legged
regular basis. In May 2021, when India            family members
continued to battle rising COVID-19 cases         On routes such as Larnaca and Athens to
with dwindling oxygen supplies, IAG Cargo         London and Dublin to Toronto, alongside
and British Airways joined forces to fund         several global organisations, we transported
two special charters delivering 45 tonnes         hundreds of rescue dogs to their forever
of aid from different charities.                  homes, giving them the chance of a new life
                                                  with a new family.




                                             people
                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   3
    Strategic Report

OUR PURPOSE




Connecting
Connecting businesses allows companies
to thrive no matter where they are based.
It means giving people the chance to
do business when only a face-to-face
meeting will do, transporting goods
from one place to another so we can all                                  Global network that enables
benefit from international trade. We are                                 businesses to thrive
                                                                         The pandemic has shown the importance of
working with our suppliers to develop                                    meeting people in person. We’ve played an
the new technologies that will enable                                    important role in reconnecting businesses
us to reach net zero by 2050, together.                                  through facilitating face-to-face meetings,
                                                                         flying goods around the world and
                                                                         continuing to keep vital air links open
                                                                         across our extensive global network. We’ve
                                                                         also made it as simple as possible for our
                                                                         customers to fly with us, through driving
                                                                         changes in technology including digital
                                                                         apps to verify the necessary health and
                                                                         travel documents.




Supporting Spanish economic recovery
Supporting the economic recovery in the
countries in which we operate remains a key
priority for us. Iberia gave a new boost to its
air shuttle service between Madrid and
Barcelona, the most important route for
corporate traffic in Spain. Iberia is operating
around 68 weekly frequencies on this route,
which means up to 11 flights each way from
Monday to Thursday, the busiest days. Vueling
has also been supporting the recovery of
Spanish tourism by increasing its domestic
capacity by up to 114 per cent of 2019 levels in
the year. The airline operated more than 310
routes, 42 of which were added to its network
to support Spanish connections with countries
such as Denmark or Sweden.




4       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                                                                   Embracing start-ups and innovation
                                                                   Through IAG’s core innovation platform
                                                                   Hangar 51, our Group has supported 60
                                                                   start-ups and invested in more than 10 tech
                                                                   players. Many of these are helping to make
                                                                   aviation greener.




Reconnecting businesses on
both sides of the Atlantic
With more than 800 US companies in Ireland,
employing 180,000 people, and over 650 Irish
companies with a base in the US, we’re
reconnecting businesses on both sides of the
Atlantic. Aer Lingus’ new Manchester base,
which opened in October, offers a daily
service to New York operated by its new
Airbus A321neo LR aircraft, in addition to
connections to Orlando and Barbados.
                                                e-Connecting businesses
                                                Now, more brands are connected with our
                                                eStores and reward apps enabling more
                                                members to collect through everyday
                                                spending. In 2021, IAG Loyalty launched new
                                                partnerships with Nectar, CaixaBank, bp and
                                                Barclays and renewed its Amex and Endesa
                                                agreements.




businesses                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021    5
    Strategic Report

OUR PURPOSE




Connecting
Connecting countries means having a
wide range of routes and partnerships
to connect all corners of the world.
                                                                         Supporting Paralympic athletes
As an international airline group with                                   Supporting Paralympic athletes on their
leading airlines in Spain, the UK and                                    flights from the UK, Spain and Ireland to
                                                                         and from Tokyo was a real honour. Our
Ireland, our combined network and                                        people worked tirelessly to ensure the
scale allows us to connect destinations                                  teams and all their equipment travelled
                                                                         safely. Everyone at our airlines couldn’t
through a wide range of airline models –                                 be prouder of the athletes’ great
from full service, to value, to low-cost.                                achievements at the Tokyo 2020
                                                                         Paralympic games.




      75 years connecting Europe
      and Latin America
      Iberia’s commitment to Latin America
      has been key in supporting trade and
      connectivity across the South Atlantic.
      In 2021, the airline celebrated the 75th
      anniversary of its flights between Madrid and
      Buenos Aires. It became the first weekly air
      bridge connecting Europe and Latin America,
      making Madrid the gateway for travellers
      in both directions.




6       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                            Our commitment to endangered species
                            Our global network has allowed us to
                            partner with animal welfare charities to
                            save and relocate endangered species.
                            IAG Cargo worked with SEA LIFE and flew
                            an injured Olive Ridley sea turtle to her
                            new forever home in Scotland after she
                            sustained life-changing injuries. She was
                            entangled in ghost netting with a plastic
                            bag around her neck which resulted in her
                            losing a flipper. This initiative was aimed at
                            raising awareness of the impact of plastic
                            pollution.




    Boosting European connectivity
    We have taken opportunities to expand
    our services and increase connectivity
    throughout our European network.
    Vueling has introduced 32 new European
    destinations at Paris-Orly, becoming the
    second-largest operator at the airport.
    The airline was previously operating 22 routes,
    mainly to Spain and Italy. Now it offers 54
    routes that connect France
    with more than 13 countries.




countries
   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        7
    Strategic Report

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER




Connecting people,
creating sustainable value

                                                                         It is now more than two years since the
                                                                         beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                         These two years have seen our lives
                                                                         change immeasurably. Around the world,
                                                                         people have been forced to respond to the
                                                                         changing environment and find new ways
                                                                         to do things in all aspects of their lives. We
                                                                         have all had to adapt to different ways of
                                                                         working, different ways of maintaining
                                                                         family life and different ways of spending
                                                                         our leisure time. All of these have impacted
                                                                         IAG as an international airline group.
                                                                         It has been the most challenging time in
                                                                         our history, particularly for our people. I am
                                                                         proud of the resilience and creativity that
                                                                         they have shown. Despite the difficulties
                                                                         we have faced, it is thanks to their work
                                                                         that we can look to the future with
                                                                         confidence. IAG’s strength comes from its
                                                                         people, and I would like to thank them all
                                                                         for the contribution they have made during
                                                                         this time.
                                                                         My thanks also go to our shareholders.
                                                                         Their continued support has provided
Javier Ferrán                                                            IAG with a strong foundation on which
Chairman                                                                 to rebuild the business and reshape it for
                                                                         the future.
                                                                         One thing that the pandemic has not
                                                                         changed is IAG’s purpose – to connect
                                                                         people, businesses and countries around
                                                                         the world. IAG was created as a unique
                                                                         platform that enables us to fulfil that
                                                                         purpose. Our strategy is to use that
“One thing that the pandemic has                                         platform to deploy our strengths so that
                                                                         we can recover better and stronger
 not changed is IAG’s purpose. Our                                       than before.

 business model is designed in a way                                     We know that despite the difficulties faced
                                                                         by everyone over the past two years, the

 that enables our airlines to perform                                    desire to travel and connect in person is as
                                                                         strong as ever. Being unable to see friends,

 in the long-term interests of our                                       family or business contacts face-to-face
                                                                         has reminded us all how important those

 customers, people, shareholders                                         bonds are. We saw that as restrictions
                                                                         were lifted throughout the course of 2021

 and society.”                                                           and the pent-up demand was released,
                                                                         particularly once the long-closed North
                                                                         Atlantic travel corridor was re-opened.
                                                                         One could not fail to be moved by the
                                                                         images and stories of families reunited
                                                                         after so long apart, some meeting new
                                                                         family members for the first time. It was a
                                                                         reminder that what we do matters.




8       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Our business model therefore is designed         Aviation may be one of the most difficult       As people return to the skies, our ambition
in a way that enables our airlines to            sectors to decarbonise, but we have a           is to ensure that they do so with one of our
perform in the long-term interests of our        clear plan and roadmap for one of the           airlines. We know our customers have a
customers, people, shareholders and              most pressing challenges facing our planet.     choice as to who they fly with, and we
society. We know that successfully and           We have led the industry in setting             compete hard to win their trust. But as we
sustainably delivering for one reinforces        ambitious goals for carbon reduction and        compete, we will always think and act for
our success in delivering for the others.        the adoption of sustainable fuels. In 2019,     the long term and operate with safety,
                                                 we became the first airline group               security and ethical behaviour as our key
The pandemic has proved the strength of
                                                 worldwide to commit to net zero carbon          principles. We will do the right thing to
our business model, which allows each of
                                                 emissions by 2050. We have since become         deliver sustainably for our customers, our
our airlines to benefit from our financial
                                                 the first European airline group to commit      people and our shareholders, connecting
scale, while retaining their own agility to
                                                 to powering 10 per cent of its flights by       people, businesses and countries and
evolve and adapt to changing markets.
                                                 sustainable aviation fuel by 2030. And          providing the jobs, prosperity and cultural
That model is defined by shared capital
                                                 we are investing in new aircraft that are       benefits that travel has always created
strength, disciplined allocation of capital
                                                 up to 40 per cent more fuel efficient than      now, and well into the future.
and diversification, each of which has
                                                 those they replace.
served the business well over the
past year.                                       We cannot do this alone. While our airlines     Javier Ferrán
                                                 are innovating to respond to                    Chairman
The diversity of our airlines, ranging from
                                                 environmental challenges, we are also
full service to low cost, and their leadership
                                                 working in partnerships with governments,
positions in the markets in which they
                                                 suppliers and other industry stakeholders
operate, has provided us with the
                                                 to accelerate the development of the
resilience to meet the current challenges
                                                 solutions that we need.
head on. Each airline is able to respond to
changes in customer demand in its                To be truly sustainable, we must also
individual market, while being supported         address societal challenges. We know that
by the Group as a whole, which provides          diverse teams are more successful and
the shared best practice, talent and             drive effective leadership and decision-
opportunities to collaborate where we can        making. I am pleased that 42 per cent of
create advantage and value.                      our Board members are female, but we
                                                 know there is more to be done to further
These attributes were front and centre of
                                                 embed diversity throughout the
our operations in 2021. During the year
                                                 organisation. Last year, we set a new
each airline undertook a variety of actions
                                                 target of having at least 40 per cent of
needed to preserve its strengths, while
                                                 senior roles held by women.
also working closely together to innovate
and promote efficiency.                          We can never be sure exactly what the
                                                 future holds. The emergence of the
So, while the impact of the pandemic led
                                                 Omicron variant affected our path to
to a significant reduction in both revenue
                                                 recovery and there are potential
and profitability in the year, our platform
                                                 headwinds but I’m confident that we have
ensured that we were able to take every
                                                 the right business model and an
opportunity to develop our business in the
                                                 experienced leadership team to face the
short term. That means that we remain
                                                 challenges ahead. We know COVID-19 will
well positioned to make the most of the
                                                 remain part of our lives for years to come,
recovery and are set up to return to
                                                 while the changing climate will also affect
profitability in 2022.
                                                 our industry structurally. Airlines will need
Despite the pandemic, sustainability             capital strength, combined with flexibility
remains a key priority for IAG. We continue      and agility to adapt to this new
to fiercely pursue our net zero targets and      environment. These are all building blocks
                                                                                                                         Use this QR code
we have made long-term investments to            that IAG possesses.                                                     to watch our
support the development of the emerging                                                                                  Chairman discuss
technologies that will be required to                                                                                    how IAG is
support our green transition.                                                                                            delivering on its
                                                                                                                         purpose.




                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          9
 Strategic Report

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW




Transforming our business
to take it to its full potential

                                                                       The COVID-19 pandemic has led to one of
                                                                       the most difficult periods in aviation
                                                                       history. In 2021, we continued to work hard
                                                                       to ensure our business remained resilient in
                                                                       the face of global travel restrictions.
                                                                       Our people’s exceptional work and
                                                                       dedication has been key to weather this
                                                                       crisis.
                                                                       Financial performance
                                                                       Clearly our financial performance
                                                                       continued to be severely impacted by
                                                                       travel restrictions worldwide. Throughout
                                                                       the year, individual markets were affected
                                                                       at different times and in different ways.
                                                                       The uncertainty caused by the emergence
                                                                       of the Omicron variant in late November
                                                                       affected overall traffic with bookings
                                                                       declining mainly due to tightened entry
                                                                       requirements imposed by some countries.
                                                                       Although demand slowed down for very
                                                                       near-term trips, bookings remained strong
                                                                       for Easter and summer 2022.
                                                                       Prior to this, longhaul had seen the highest
Luis Gallego                                                           booking activity in October and November
Group Chief Executive Officer                                          at over 80 per cent of 2019 figures. This
                                                                       was better than previously expected
                                                                       driven by the re-opening of the US border
                                                                       to European travellers on 8 November and
                                                                       the strength of longhaul leisure markets.
                                                                       The opening of the North Atlantic corridor
                                                                       proved a pivotal moment for our industry
                                                                       and demonstrated that a significant
“Our people’s exceptional work and                                     recovery was underway. It was fantastic to
                                                                       see families and friends reunited and
 dedication has been key to weather                                    business travellers being able to meet face
                                                                       to face after many months of separation. It
 this crisis.”                                                         led to transatlantic bookings reaching
                                                                       nearly 100 per cent of 2019 levels. We
                                                                       expect North Atlantic routes to reach full
                                                                       capacity by summer 2022.
                                                                       We started the year flying 19.6 per cent of
                                                                       our 2019 capacity in the first quarter. As
                                                                       pent-up demand was released, both leisure
                                                                       and corporate, we continued to restore
                                                                       capacity across our network. In the fourth
                                                                       quarter we were operating at 58.3 per cent
                                                                       of our pre-pandemic level, in line with
                                                                       previous guidance, while seat load factor
                                                                       was 71.5 per cent compared to 84.3 per
                                                                       cent two years ago. In total, we flew 36.1
                                                                       per cent of our 2019 capacity in 2021.




10    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Our teams across the Group worked hard
to take every opportunity to develop our
                                                  vaccines to almost every corner of the
                                                  world on a regular basis.                   "We have been
business while capitalising on the surge in
bookings when travel restrictions were
                                                  The decisions that we took on costs and
                                                  capital have enabled us to retain our
                                                                                               transforming our
lifted. Premium leisure performed strongly
at both Iberia and British Airways, while we
                                                  financial strength. At the end of the year,
                                                  our liquidity remained strong at
                                                                                               business to be fit
saw early signs of a recovery in business
travel from the third quarter and continued
                                                  €11,986 million, as a result of the reduced
                                                  operating loss and improved forward
                                                                                               for the long
into quarter four especially on North
Atlantic routes.
                                                  bookings, together with actions we took to
                                                  raise debt and facilities. In the third
                                                                                               term."
At a Group level, we reported an operating        quarter, our operating cash flow
loss of €2,970 million before exceptional         significantly improved and was positive for
items, an improvement on the                      the first time since the start of the
                                                                                                    establish a new competitive shorthaul
€4,390 million loss recorded in 20201.            pandemic with a further increase in quarter
                                                                                                    operation at Gatwick for British Airways,
However, there were significant variances         four.
                                                                                                    which will begin flights in March 2022.
in the performance of our individual
                                                  As we continue rebuilding IAG’s financial         Aer Lingus launched its Manchester
airlines, which benefited from the lifting of
                                                  strength in the coming years, I would like        subsidiary with flights to New York,
travel restrictions at different times in their
                                                  to welcome our new CFO Nicholas                   Orlando, and Barbados. Vueling expanded
home markets.
                                                  Cadbury and look forward to his                   its operations at Paris-Orly, introducing
The best performers within the Group              contribution to our Group. I would also like      dozens of new routes and becoming the
were Iberia and Vueling. The third quarter        to thank Steve Gunning for all he has done        second largest operator at the airport. And
marked an inflection point with Iberia            over the years and during these very              Iberia reinforced its leadership on routes to
returning to profitability and Vueling            challenging times.                                Latin America while expanding its US
reaching breakeven at the operating level.                                                          destinations with the addition of Dallas and
                                                  Transforming our business
Both have seized opportunities to                                                                   Washington from April 2022. We have also
                                                  We devoted significant efforts during the
strengthen their positions in their                                                                 developed a new approach to aircraft
                                                  year to reshaping our business both for the
respective markets1.                                                                                maintenance by bringing together the best
                                                  short and long term. Our initial focus was
British Airways reduced its operating loss                                                          of Iberia and Vueling to maximise
                                                  to ensure operational readiness so that we
in 2021 and focused on restoring capacity                                                           synergies at El Prat Airport.
                                                  are prepared to return to the skies at short
throughout the year.                              notice once restrictions are eased.               These are great examples of the strengths
Aer Lingus was the most challenged due                                                              delivered by our unique model:
                                                  We have also continued to innovate,
to the tougher travel restrictions in Ireland.                                                      collaboration between our airlines, shared
                                                  developing user-friendly digital solutions
                                                                                                    capital strength and creation of synergies
Our unique and diversified model has              to provide the tools and reassurance
                                                                                                    while retaining the agility to be innovative.
enabled us to make the most of the                customers need to travel. These included
recovery. For example, IAG Loyalty                digital travel passes which can verify            Sustainable value creation
continued to be profitable and cash               testing or vaccines to speed up check-in          Our ambition is to create sustainable value
generative as it has been throughout the          and boarding, which proved very useful for        and to deliver for all our stakeholders. This
pandemic. New partnerships with                   our customers.                                    starts with our employees. We want to
Caixabank in Spain and with bp in the UK          In parallel, we have been transforming our        foster a culture in which all our people feel
were successfully launched in 2021.               business to be fit for the long term.             valued. This means a focus not just on
September was the best ever month for             Aviation has faced the biggest crisis any of      diversity but also inclusion. This allows us
customer Avios collection through our             us have seen in our lifetime and we know          to be a place where everyone’s talents are
non-airline partners while the re-launch of       that in the future our industry will look very    nurtured, where skills and capabilities are
British Airways’ co-branded American              different. Transformation is no longer an         developed, and where the leaders of the
Express card contributed to there being           option, but an imperative.                        future are created. The jobs we create are
over 15 per cent more customers with a                                                              part of the economic contribution that we
                                                  At IAG we have been resetting our                 make to society and to local communities.
card than before the pandemic.
                                                  business to take it to its full potential. This
During the year, as well as weathering this       has led to a number of transformation             In all our operations, we seek to be an
crisis, we have also tried to help wherever       projects that will help us to be stronger         active partner for positive change,
we could. We put all our experience,              after COVID.                                      recognising, managing and reducing our
efforts and resources into flying to places                                                         impact on the planet. We are determined
                                                  And all the while we are taking every             to meet our climate commitments.
that needed us most. We have carried over
                                                  opportunity to develop the business.
20,000 tonnes of PPE and humanitarian
                                                  Notable among these was our decision to
aid and delivered millions of doses of
1 See Alternative performance measures section
  for statutory measures.
                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           11
 Strategic Report

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REVIEW CONTINUED




IAG was the first airline group worldwide
to commit to achieving net zero emissions      "We were the first airline group
by 2050. We are setting ourselves
demanding targets to drive the system-          worldwide to commit to achieving
wide change that is needed to tackle
climate change.                                 net zero emissions by 2050."
We have a clear roadmap to achieve these
targets spanning a wide range of initiatives
including investment in new fleet,
operational efficiency, sustainable aviation
fuels (SAF), new technologies and carbon       We´re pleased that our work tackling
removal. SAF is an important tool in           climate change continues to be recognised
decarbonising aviation and we have been        as industry-leading. For the second year
leading its use by partnering with             running, IAG was the only European airline
emerging sustainable fuel technology           to receive a Leadership grade (A-) from
companies such as LanzaJet, Velocys and        the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). This
Phillips 66. British Airways operated the      puts us in the top 6 per cent among nearly
first commercial transatlantic flight          12,000 global companies assessed in 2021.
powered by 35 per cent SAF while Iberia        We also received the joint-highest score of
and Vueling were pioneers in Spain. We         any airline from the Transition Pathway
have pledged to invest $400 million over       Initiative (TPI) which assesses companies'
the next 20 years to support the               readiness to transition to a low carbon
development of SAF.                            economy.
However, to scale up the production of         Despite the crisis, we remain resolute in
sustainable aviation fuels government          our climate commitments and have taken
support is critical in attracting the          steps to create a truly sustainable business.
necessary investment to construct the          I would like to thank our people across the
plants needed to deliver enough supply for     Group for their remarkable commitment
the whole industry. This requires all of us    during these difficult times. Through hard
to work together. The whole ecosystem          work, we have demonstrated our resilience
needs to work as one. Aircraft                 and innovation, and we are on track to
manufacturers, start-ups, suppliers and        return to sustainable profitability in 2022
governments must come together to make         and beyond.
a lasting difference to the world.
                                               We are building a better and more
We’re also investing in new technologies.      competitive business for the long term and
So far, through our core innovation            one that is well placed to seize the
platform Hangar 51, we have supported 60       opportunities that the future holds.
start-ups and invested in over 10 tech
players. Many of these are helping to make
aviation greener, including ZeroAvia which     Luis Gallego
is working on the world’s first hydrogen       Group Chief Executive Officer
powered plane.
It is through these partnerships and
collaborations with the wider aerospace
industry including our peers, suppliers and
policymakers, that we will transform our
industry to meet the climate challenge.




                                                                                               Use this QR code
                                                                                               to watch our CEO
                                                                                               discuss how IAG is
                                                                                               transforming to
                                                                                               achieve its full
                                                                                               potential




12    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
COP26: Momentum behind
aviation’s green transition

COP26: Momentum behind aviation’s                     global emissions now covered by net                aviation, with IAG staff chairing both the
green transition                                      zero commitments;                                  SAF Delivery group and COP26 subgroups
2021 was a year of global climate action,           • clarification of the rules supporting              of the Jet Zero Council in the year leading
including the landmark COP26 global                   global trading of offsets via carbon               up to COP26.
climate conference hosted in November in              markets;                                           British Airways partnered with Air bp to
the UK. It attracted over 35,000 delegates          • the UK Government’s launch of the                  source the equivalent amount of SAF to
from nearly 200 countries with the aim of             International Aviation Climate Ambition            replace 100 per cent of the fossil fuel used
building momentum in the fight to limit               Coalition to advocate for a net zero goal          to operate all its flights between London
global warming to 1.5⁰C above pre-                    by ICAO in 2022; and                               and Glasgow and Edinburgh during
industrial levels.                                  • continued work by the UK Government                COP26. In Spain, both Iberia and Vueling
While aviation is regulated through the               on its upcoming net zero aviation                  ran SAF demonstration flights during the
separate UN agency International Civil                strategy in 2022.                                  two weeks of the conference.
Aviation Organisation (ICAO), several               IAG had an active and supportive presence
developments at the conference have a               at COP26 itself, participating in 12 events
direct impact on the airline industry. These        hosted by groups including industry
include:                                            associations, governments and
• further momentum around net zero                  manufacturers. The Group was also closely
  emissions, with almost 90 per cent of             involved with the UK Government in its
                                                    ongoing efforts to support net zero




Flying is magic – one of humankind's greatest achievements. It connects us with the rest of our world, brings loved ones closer together and opens our
eyes to new experiences and cultures. It supports our economy, creates quality jobs and delivers aid when and where people need it most. But we
recognise that flying comes at a cost to the environment and we are determined to take urgent action to tackle the impact it has on our planet. We're on a
journey to create a better, more sustainable future.




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               13
 Strategic Report

MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE




Working together to
deliver our purpose

The IAG Management
                                                          Javier Sánchez-Prieto                         John Gibbs
Committee, led by Luis                                    Chairman and Chief Executive                  Chief Information Officer
Gallego, is responsible for                               Officer of Iberia

the overall execution and
delivery of the strategy of
the Group.

     For further information
     visit the IAG website
                                                                                            Marco Sansavini
                                                                                            Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                                                            Officer of Vueling




                                                      Steve Gunning
                                                      Chief Financial Officer




                                                                                         Luis Gallego
                                                                                         Group Chief Executive Officer




Management Committee member not
pictured: Fernando Candela, Chief
Transformation Officer and Chief
Executive Officer of LEVEL


14      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Adam Daniels
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of IAG Loyalty




                                          Chris Haynes
                                          General Counsel


           Sean Doyle
           Chairman and Chief Executive
           Officer of British Airways

                                                                             David Podolsky
                                                                             Chief Strategy Officer and
                                                                             Chief Executive
                                                                             Officer of IAG Cargo




        Carolina Martinoli
        Chief People, Corporate Affairs
                                                   Lynne Embleton
        and Sustainability Officer
                                                   Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                   Officer of Aer Lingus




                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   15
 Strategic Report

BUSINESS MODEL




A unique model that enables
us to connect the world
We are an international airline group, with leading airlines in Spain, the UK and Ireland. We were formed to create a unique model
in the industry based around consolidation, strategic flexibility and financial performance.




Our purpose and values                                 Our operating model
Our role in the world is to connect people,
businesses and countries. We do this and create
value through a unique model that enables our                                              Principles
airlines to perform in the long-term interests of
our customers, people, shareholders and society           Operating companies’          Light structure at the         Central execution only
– knowing that success in each reinforces the                execution and            centre for central functions       where it provides
others.                                                      accountability                and intra-Group                additional value
                                                                                             coordination
We hold ambition, teamwork, innovation,
pragmatism, efficiency and responsibility as key
values that enable us to fulfil our purpose.
Our operating model
The Group has a unique and innovative business
                                                                                      Corporate parent
model within the airline industry, based on a light
                                                        Sets long-term strategy to      Defines portfolio, M&A       Sets targets and oversees
structure at the centre and agile, empowered and         deliver the vision for the       and partnerships             operating companies’
focused airline operating companies who benefit                    Group                                                    performance
from the Group’s scale and are accountable for
their results.                                            Allocates capital and           Drives ESG agenda          Manages investor relations
IAG, as the parent company, actively engages and             secures funding                 for the Group
works collaboratively with its portfolio of
operating companies, sharing best practices and
talent, overseeing intra-Group coordination and                  Shares                                                  Defines, drives and
managing central functions that drive synergies               best practice                                             monitors response to
                                                                                                                             COVID-19
adding incremental value to the Group. Its
independence from the operating companies
enables IAG to implement a long-term strategy
for the Group that is aligned with our purpose and
values, as well as set performance targets for the
operating companies, track their progress and                             Airline operating companies
efficiently allocate capital within the Group. The
                                                                   Drive and execute                             Ensure operational
neutrality of IAG’s platform and independence                     commercial strategy                                efficiency
from the brands supports the Group in taking part
in industry consolidation processes.
The operating companies, with their unique                 Define product strategy for target           Deep understanding of customer and
identities and customised business models, are in                 customer segments                          competitive environment
turn able to execute their strategies and are fully
accountable for their financial results. The Group’s
structure allows our brands to focus their efforts             Standalone profit centres                  Individual brand, cultural identity
on their addressable markets, customer                      and independent credit identities                 and management teams
proposition, cultural identities, commercial
strategy and their industrial relations, while its
scale supports innovation and investment in new
products and services to enhance our customer
experience.
The airline portfolio sits on the Group’s common                         Common integrated platform
integrated platform, which drives efficiency and          Provides common services and allows the Group’s operations to benefit
simplicity across the operating companies whilst            from cost reductions and synergies by leveraging the Group’s scale
creating additional sources of revenues for IAG.
The IAG platform allows the Group to be at the
forefront of innovation and sustainability in the
airline industry, supporting and scaling top
emerging technologies in travel and aviation.            For more information see the operating companies pages.




16    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
The role of the Centre
The role of the Centre is to oversee intra-Group coordination, manage and execute central functions, and leverage its central
platforms to create additional synergies for the Group. This is underpinned by a role to foster collaborative working between the
operating companies and the sharing of best practices across the Group.




                                                                                INTERNATIONAL
                                                                                AIRLINES
                                                                                GROUP




                                                              Central platforms




                                                           Intra-group coordination

      Fleet             Maintenance, repair and overhaul              Fuel         Network            Commercial            Customer




                                                               Central functions

       Investor relations    Finance      People     Sustainability     Communications    Legal    Strategy    Merger and acquisition




The role of the Centre during the                 operating cost initiatives to minimise          • Engage with our existing oneworld,
COVID-19 pandemic                                 cash outflows                                     joint business and other airline
The Group’s corporate parent has had a          • Renegotiate deals and deferrals with key          partners to maintain, adapt and
crucial role during the COVID-19                  suppliers to support the business                 strengthen our relationships during
pandemic, managing the crisis and               • Increase our sources of revenue and               the crisis and collaborate with the
coordinating the Group’s response,                raise additional cash through the launch          operating companies to further
taking action to secure the business in           of new and renewal of existing loyalty            expand our partnership portfolio
the short term, and driving the                   partnerships, including our agreement           • Engage closely with national
transformation of IAG and its operating           with American Express                             governments, regulators and
companies to ensure we emerge                   • Engage in aircraft deferrals, lease               industry associations to support the
competitive from the crisis.                      payment renegotiations, and sale and              development of safety and security
                                                  leaseback transactions to preserve cash;          guidance, as well as best practices
Our common integrated platform also
                                                  and collaborate with the operating                that allowed travel to continue
provided strong support to the Group
during the crisis, helping control costs,         companies to temporarily park and retire        • Drive IAG’s sustainability strategy
driving synergies and bringing additional         older aircraft from their fleets                  by collaborating with partners and
sources of non-flying revenue to the            • Continuously track, monitor and forecast          regulators to take further steps in
Group.                                            market re-openings and air travel                 the industry’s decarbonisation
                                                  demand to optimise capacity plans,                roadmap, playing a leading role in
Some of the key actions taken at IAG                                                                setting and progressing towards
                                                  including the deployment of additional
and by its central platforms and central                                                            ambitious carbon targets and
                                                  cash-generative cargo capacity and
functions during the COVID-19 pandemic                                                              building industry momentum
                                                  cargo-only flying
have been to:                                                                                       towards a net zero world.
                                                • Provoke and oversee business
• Secure funding for the Group to                 transformations at the operating
  maintain a strong liquidity position,           companies, coordinating plans and
  secure the business and exit the crisis         setting targets for the Group and its
  in a competitive shape                          businesses to emerge more efficient
• Lead and coordinate capital                     from the crisis
  expenditure, working capital and




                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      17
 Strategic Report

OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES




Purposefully delivering our
strategy in a sustainable way
 Our strategic priorities

 Unrivalled customer proposition
 • Ensure our operating companies
   collectively deliver an unrivalled
   proposition able to fulfil customers’                                                     Unrivalled
   needs across the full spectrum of travel                                                  customer
   occasions                                                                                proposition
 • Lead industry consolidation and develop
   organic options to differentiate the
   Group from its competitors and ensure
   customer demands are met                                                                       1
                                                                                            Strengthening
 • Deepen customer-centricity to win a                                                      a portfolio of
   disproportionate share in each customer                                                   world-class
   segment                                                                                   brands and
                                                                                              operations
 Value-accretive and sustainable growth
 • Pursue value-accretive organic and                                                   2                    3
   inorganic growth to reinforce existing, or                                       Growing             Enhancing
   pursue new leadership positions in our                                            global           IAG’s common
                                                                                   leadership           integrated
   priority markets                                                                 positions            platform
 • Attract and develop the best people in                    Value-
   the industry                                           accretive and                                                Efficiency
 • Set the industry standard for                           sustainable                                               and innovation
   environmental and societal stewardship,                   growth
   whilst always prioritising the safety and
   security of our customers and
   employees
 Efficiency and innovation                                      Un                                                              y
                                                                     de                                                     lit
 • Reduce costs and improve efficiency by                                 rp                                            a bi
                                                                             in   ned                                ain
   leveraging Group scale and synergy                                                                          t
                                                                                        by en               sus
   opportunities                                                                                vironmental
 • Engage in Group-wide innovation and
   digital mindset to enhance productivity
   and best serve our customers
 • Promote a culture of high operational
   efficiency throughout our portfolio of
   operating companies, and leverage
   platforms to drive synergies and
   reduce costs
                                                   Tracking our performance
                                                   We use a combination of financial and non-financial metrics to measure the
 Underpinned by sustainability
                                                   performance and progress of our strategy:
 The Group’s strategy is underpinned by its
 target to be the leading airline group on
 sustainability. We remain committed to
 reducing our carbon footprint and to reach
 the goal of net zero CO2 emissions for the
 Group and its supply chain by 2050, as well
 as to continue to prioritise other key               Financial KPIs: see the Key                      Employees: see the
 sustainability issues including waste                performance indicators section                   Sustainability section
 management, stakeholder engagement and
 employee engagement and welfare.                     Customer NPS: see the Key                        Environment: see the
                                                      performance indicators section                   Sustainability section




18    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                        1 Strengthening a portfolio of world-class
Strategic priority​

                          brands and operations
How we                Unrivalled customer proposition
create value


Our                   Our activity in 2021                   The operating companies                  Our priorities for 2022
performance           The COVID-19 pandemic has              implemented agile approaches to          Whilist the Group will continue its
                      continued to impact our lives          aircraft deployment, optimising          leading work on safety, we will
                      throughout 2021. During this time,     and adapting their networks to           also ensure our businesses can
                      the Group’s portfolio of brands        changes in travel restrictions, whilst   deliver an unrivalled customer
                      continued to support the wider         ensuring we maintain our presence        proposition that adapts to meet
                      community in tackling its impacts,     in our priority markets and keep         changing customer expectations
                      with the operating companies           offering an unrivalled proposition       in the context of air travel
                      supporting local communities with      to our customers. British Airways        recovery after two years of
                      charitable work and flying critical    continued to roll out its newest         border closures due to the
                      equipment and essential medical        business cabin seat Club Suite in its    COVID-19 pandemic. IAG will
                      supplies across the world. The         Boeing 777 fleet, and committed in       continue to ensure
                      different brands continued to          October to operate all future flights    competitiveness in its chosen
                      implement measures aimed at            to JFK exclusively with aircraft         priority customer demand spaces,
                      enhancing safety on board and          featuring this new product,              evolving the operating
                      reducing the complexity of             reflecting the strategic importance      companies’ products and services
                      vaccination and testing                the North Atlantic market has for        to best deliver against the needs
                      documentation and check-in             the airline. This year Iberia            of their customers. Strong
                      processes. British Airways, Iberia     celebrated its 75th anniversary of       emphasis will continue to be
                      and Aer Lingus partnered with the      flights to Latin America, where it       placed on digitalisation, including
                      VeriFLY app and, along with            operated a relatively high level of      further customer-focused
                      Vueling, have been trialling the       capacity in 2021, announcing an          improvements to the digital
                      IATA Travel Pass, allowing             increased winter schedule to the         experience.
                      customers to easily upload and         region compared to last year and
                      verify COVID-19 documentation          providing more choice to
                      before their flights and reducing      customers.
                      journey times at the airport. Our      IAG Loyalty has significantly
                      operating companies have               enhanced Avios redemptions to
                      additionally made other digital        give our airlines’ loyalty
                      solutions available to increase        programme members more choice,
                      customer confidence and reduce         for example doubling the number
                      journey times, such as ‘Digital        of Guaranteed Avios Reward Seats
                      Heatmaps’ showing the status of        on British Airways and Iberia
                      travel restrictions and requirements   flights.
                      by destination.




                                                                INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          19
 Strategic Report

STRATEGIC PRIORITIES CONTINUED




                          2 Growing  global leadership
 Strategic priority​

                            positions
 How we                Value-accretive and sustainable growth
 create value


 Our                   Our activity in 2021                     IAG’s airlines have continued to         Our priorities for 2022
 performance           In 2021, the Group’s focus on            strengthen their relationships with      In 2022, the Group will aim to
                       securing its financial position          partners. For example, Alaska            maintain and bolster its
                       continued, with the aim to exit the      Airlines joined the oneworld             leadership positions in its home
                       crisis well-placed to maintain the       alliance in March 2021, and              cities and priority markets. As and
                       existing leadership positions it         launched a codeshare agreement           when the global aviation industry
                       holds in its home cities of              with Iberia and LEVEL later in the       recovers from the impact of the
                       Barcelona, Dublin, London,               year. British Airways also extended      COVID-19 pandemic, IAG will
                       and Madrid, as well as take              the number of codeshare routes           progress investment in value-
                       advantage of value-accretive             with the Seattle-based airline,          accretive organic and inorganic
                       organic and inorganic growth             whilst Aer Lingus continued its          growth opportunities. IAG will
                       opportunities that may arise.            frequent flyer collaboration. IAG        continue to progress the
                                                                has also further developed its           integration of Aer Lingus into the
                       Whilst the pandemic had a severe
                                                                partnerships with Atlantic Joint         Atlantic Joint Business. In
                       impact on capacity levels across
                                                                Business members American                addition, the Group will continue
                       the world, our airlines have been
                                                                Airlines and Finnair, particularly       to leverage its other joint
                       able to capture new strategic
                                                                with the continued integration of        businesses, alliances and
                       growth opportunities. In October,
                                                                Aer Lingus into the Joint Business.      partnerships and, where
                       Aer Lingus launched a new base at
                                                                The Group continued to expand its        appropriate, form new joint
                       Manchester Airport to offer
                                                                relationship with Qatar Airways,         businesses or participate in the
                       transatlantic services from the UK,
                                                                which extended its codeshare             industry’s consolidation process
                       a strategic base for the Irish airline
                                                                agreement with Iberia early in the       by entering into value-accretive
                       that will have a largely variable
                                                                year, and jointly with British           merger and acquisition (M&A)
                       cost base. Vueling was granted 18
                                                                Airways announced plans to               deals.
                       daily slot pairs at Paris-Orly airport
                                                                expand their Joint Business to offer
                       that will be transferred from Air
                                                                customers access to a greater
                       France, which will help strengthen
                                                                choice of destinations and route
                       Vueling’s pan-European network in
                                                                options. Vueling took important
                       one of the continent’s largest
                                                                action in the partnership space by
                       markets. British Airways
                                                                leveraging its digital versatility and
                       announced in December the launch
                                                                launching a global interlining
                       of its new subsidiary, BA Euroflyer,
                                                                platform, ‘Vueling Global’, to
                       which will operate shorthaul
                                                                increase connections between the
                       services at Gatwick Airport under
                                                                airline and its partners and expand
                       the British Airways brand. The
                                                                its customer offering. In 2019, the
                       company will restart shorthaul
                                                                Group announced plans to acquire
                       services at Gatwick in summer
                                                                Air Europa, which is owned by
                       2022 after a break of almost two
                                                                Globalia, subject to regulatory
                       years and will provide customers
                                                                approvals. In December 2021, IAG
                       with access to a premium service
                                                                and Globalia announced the
                       at competitive prices.
                                                                termination of the agreement
                                                                under which Iberia had agreed to
                                                                acquire Air Europa, but noted that
                                                                the parties intended to evaluate
                                                                alternative structures. Any future
                                                                deal would be subject to regulatory
                                                                approval.




20    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                         3 Enhancing  IAG’s common
Strategic priority​

                           integrated platform
How we                Efficiency and innovation
create value


Our                   Our activity in 2021                     IAG Cargo has experienced               Our priorities for 2022
performance           The COVID-19 pandemic has tested         ongoing demand for its services in      In 2022, IAG will continue to
                      the airline industry’s resilience like   2021, contributing additional           focus on delivering the
                      no other crisis before in the history    revenue to the Group with an            transformation plans for its
                      of commercial aviation. Despite the      increased schedule compared to          different business segments,
                      pandemic causing capacity levels         last year, co-sponsoring flights with   which will ensure they remain
                      to remain depressed throughout           the passenger airline businesses        competitive as the recovery from
                      2021, particularly during the first      and operating a high level of           COVID-19 continues. IAG will also
                      half of the year, IAG has proved the     cargo-only flights. The cargo           keep investing in enhancing its
                      Group has a resilient business           segment has also arranged large         common integrated platform, to
                      model, being able to reduce its          charter programmes with strategic       provide quality services and
                      cost base and adapt to the               customers, considerably                 solutions across the Group at
                      circumstances, leveraging its            supporting the Group’s                  faster pace and lower unit cost,
                      common integrated platform to            cash generation.                        and continue to support its
                      generate additional revenue.             IAG Loyalty has also been key in        operating companies to
                                                               supporting IAG’s revenues during        accelerate their digital
                      IAG’s airlines embarked on
                                                               the crisis and has been profitable in   transformations, which will be
                      transforming their businesses to
                                                               2021 due to a high level of spend       critical as the Group recovers
                      emerge from the crisis in a more
                                                               and Avios collection through our        from the COVID-19 pandemic.
                      efficient shape as the recovery
                      from COVID-19 continues, reducing        non-airline partners. The loyalty
                      their costs and capturing new            segment expanded its partnership
                      opportunities where available. All       portfolio by successfully launching
                      the airlines took action to              new agreements with Barclays
                      restructure their cost bases,            Premier, Sainsbury’s/Nectar,
                      structurally changing and                Santander and bp, as well as a new
                      renegotiating handling,                  co-branded credit card with
                      maintenance and other supplier           Vueling and CaixaBank in Spain.
                      arrangements in coordination with        IAG Tech continued its focus on
                      the IAG GBS procurement team             enhancing new technology
                      and maximising the use of furlough       capabilities across the Group,
                      and wage support schemes where           including improvement to the
                      possible. As an example, Vueling         operating companies’ loyalty
                      has transitioned to a new handling       platforms, changes to the
                      and maintenance model, including         platforms and systems to allow for
                      launching a joint venture for line       frictionless travel (e.g. health
                      maintenance with provider Nayak.         passports), and enhancement to
                                                               disruption and self-service
                                                               management solutions for
                                                               customers. Furthermore, IAG Tech
                                                               delivered initiatives to reduce
                                                               operating costs and improve
                                                               efficiency through process
                                                               automation.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           21
 Strategic Report

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS




Tracking the Group’s
performance

 RoIC                                 Operating margin                        Capacity change                       Gross CAPEX
 (%)1 3                         2     (%)1 3                         2        (% ASKs)                        2     (€m)2                           2
     A    R                           A

 Targeting sustainable                Targeting
 15%                                  12-15%
         14.6
                                                                                                                         3,465
                                            12.7
                -22.5   -16.4                       -55.8    -35.1
                                                                                          -66.5%
                                                                                                                                   1,939

                                                                                                +7.7%
                                                                                                                                             744


         '19    '20      '21                '19      '20      '21                   '19      '20        '21               '19       '20       '21

 Definition and purpose               Definition and purpose                  Definition and purpose                Definition and purpose
 Return on Invested Capital           Operating margin is the operating       Capacity in the airline industry is   Gross CAPEX (capital expenditure)
 (RoIC) is defined as EBITDA, less    result before exceptional items as a    measured in Available Seat            is the total investment in fleet,
 adjusted fleet depreciation, other   percentage of revenue. We use this      Kilometres (ASKs) which is the        customer product, IT and
 depreciation and software            indicator to measure the efficiency     number of seats available for sale    infrastructure (including leased
 amortisation, divided by average     and profitability of our business and   multiplied by the distance flown.     right of use assets) before any
 invested capital. We use             the financial performance of the                                              proceeds from the sale of property,
 12-month rolling RoIC to assess      individual operating companies
                                                                              Performance                           plant and equipment.
 how well the Group generates         within the Group.                       IAG’s capacity was up 7.7 per cent
                                                                              versus 2020 and down                  We track the planned capital
 returns in relation to the capital
 invested in the business together
                                      Performance                             63.9 per cent versus 2019 as          expenditure through our business
                                      The Group’s operating margin            operations continued to be            planning cycle to ensure it is in line
 with its ability to fund growth
                                      improved 20.7 points to                 impacted by global travel             with achieving our other
 and to pay dividends.
                                      -35.1 per cent. Total revenue           restrictions. The easing of           financial targets.
 Performance                          before exceptional items was up         restrictions over the year meant      Performance
 The Group’s RoIC improved            7.4 per cent as restrictions eased in   last quarter capacity reached
                                                                                                                    Gross capex for 2021 totalled
 6.1 points versus last year to       the second half of the year and         58.3 per cent of 2019 operations
                                                                                                                    €0.7 billion, which is significantly
 -16.4%. The increase reflects the    passenger volumes increased.            compared with only 19.6 per cent
                                                                                                                    lower than the planned spend
 improvement in EBITDA of             Cargo revenue was at a record high      in the first quarter.
                                                                                                                    announced in 2019 of €4.3 billion,
 €1.3 billion on similar levels of    of €1,673 million due to the
                                                                              The operating companies have          reflecting the agreements with
 invested capital. The average age    operation of 3,788 cargo-only and
                                                                              the flexibility within fleet and      Boeing and Airbus to defer fleet
 of fleet of 10.6 years increased     charter flights and strong yields.
                                                                              operational plans to be able          deliveries and pre-delivery
 from 9.8 years in 2020, as there
                                      Costs benefitted from the initiatives   to adapt capacity and can react       payments. During the year 11 aircraft
 were only small changes in the
                                      implemented in 2020 and 2021 to         quickly to changes in demand          were delivered, of which six were
 fleet.
                                      reduce spend and increase cost          and restrictions as necessary.        direct leases and therefore not
                                      variability.                                                                  included in capital expenditure.
                                                                                                                    In 2021, spend on property, IT and
                                                                                                                    other reflected the investment
                                                                                                                    needed to maintain core IT
                                                                                                                    infrastructure and cyber projects.




22        INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
We use key performance indicators                    Key                                                        1 For further detail refer to the Alternative
(KPIs) to assess and to monitor the                                                                               performance measures section of the financial
                                                      A      Alternative performance measure                      statements. RoIC has not been included for
Group’s performance. We evaluate                                                                                  the main airline operating companies, as with
opportunities based on the strategic                  R      Measure linked to remuneration                       negative EBITDA the measure is less
objectives of the Group and use the                          of Management Committee                              meaningful than in prior years.
KPIs to identify and generate                                                                                   2 Gross CAPEX is defined as Acquisition of
                                                                                                                  property, plant and equipment and intangible
sustainable value for our shareholders.                 1
                                                                                                                  assets.
Our financial metrics are before                       2 3                                                      3 The 2019 and 2020 results have been restated
exceptional items. These adjustments                                                                              for the treatment of administration costs
improve the understanding of the                     Link to our strategic objectives                             associated with the Group’s defined benefit
                                                                                                                  pension schemes.
Group’s performance and the                                                                                     4 See Section e of the Alternative performance
comparability between periods.                                                                                    measures.




Levered free cash flow                  Adjusted EPS                             Net debt                                   Net Promoter                   1
(€m)1                          2        (€ cents)1 3                     3       to EBITDA1 3                       3       Score (NPS)
A                                       A    R                                   A

                                                                                 Targeting ceiling
                                                                                 1.8x
                       1,822
     1,496                                                                              1.4                                                36.7
                                              76.4                                              -4.3     -11.5                                      32.2
              -3,047                                                                                                              25.8
                                                      -122.9     -61.1




      '19      '20       '21                  '19      '20        '21                   '19     '20       '21                     '19      '20       '21

Definition and purpose                  Definition and purpose                   Definition and purpose                     Definition and purpose
Levered free cash flow is the cash      Adjusted Earnings Per Share (EPS)        Net debt to EBITDA is calculated as        At IAG a transactional NPS is
generated in the year including         represents the diluted earnings for      long-term borrowings (both current         measured: customers respond
movements in borrowings and             the year before exceptional items        and non-current), less cash, cash          about their likelihood of
before returns to shareholders. It is   attributable to ordinary                 equivalents and less other current         recommending an IAG operating
used, in conjunction with leverage      shareholders. This indicator reflects    interest-bearing deposits. This is         carrier no more than seven days
(measured as net debt to EBITDA),       the profitability of the business and    divided by EBITDA4.                        after taking a flight. Including
to measure the underlying cash          the core elements of value creation                                                 NPS targets in the Group’s
                                                                                 IAG uses this measure to monitor
generation of the business.             for IAG's shareholders.                                                             employee bonus scheme has
                                                                                 leverage, to assess financial
                                                                                                                            driven a stronger focus on
Performance                             Performance                              headroom.
                                                                                                                            improving the customer
The Group’s levered free cash flow      Adjusted loss per share improved         Performance                                experience which, together with
for 2021 was €1,822 million,            significantly from €122.9 cents to                                                  customer advocacy drives
                                                                                 The Group’s leverage remained
€4.9 billion higher than 2020, due      €61.2 cents as the result after tax                                                 competitive advantage, leading
                                                                                 negative in 2021 at 11.5 times. Net
mainly to an increase in net            before exceptional items improved                                                   to faster organic growth.
                                                                                 debt rose by €1.9 billion, driven
non-aircraft related borrowing of       by €1.0 billion. The effect of the
                                                                                 primarily by negative EBITDA of            Performance
€4.1 billion and the operating loss     assumed conversion of the IAG
                                                                                 €1.0 billion and capital expenditure
before exceptional items being          €500 million convertible bond                                                       In 2021 IAG’s NPS decreased
                                                                                 of €0.7 billion, together with the
€1.4 billion lower than in 2020.        2022, the IAG €825 million                                                          4.5 points versus 2020. However,
                                                                                 revaluation of US dollar debt. In the
                                        convertible bond 2028 and                                                           the score remained significantly
                                                                                 year, the Group drew debt facilities
                                        outstanding employee share                                                          above 2019 levels. While this
                                                                                 agreed in 2020, namely a
                                        schemes is antidilutive for the year                                                result represents high levels of
                                                                                 £2.0 billion Export Development
                                        due to the reported loss after tax                                                  customer satisfaction across all
                                                                                 Guarantee (EDG) term loan for
                                        for the period, and therefore has                                                   IAG airlines, this score must be
                                                                                 British Airways from UK Export
                                        not been included in the diluted                                                    viewed in the context of the
                                                                                 Finance and €75 million for
                                        earnings per share calculation.                                                     pandemic.
                                                                                 Aer Lingus from the Ireland
                                                                                 Strategic Investment Fund. IAG             The appearance of new COVID
                                                                                 closed a dual-tranche senior               strains and the further restrictive
                                                                                 unsecured bond issuance in March,          measures imposed by some
                                                                                 raising €1.2 billion, with €500 million    governments including
                                                                                 maturing in 2025 and €700 million          lockdowns, quarantines or testing
                                                                                 maturing in 2029. In May, IAG raised       requirements, have impacted the
                                                                                 €825 million by issuing a                  flying experience negatively
                                                                                 convertible bond, maturing in 2028.        versus the positive experience
                                                                                                                            for those few who did fly in 2020.
                                                                                                                            Increased volatility in the flying
                                                                                                                            schedule throughout 2021
                                                                                                                            heightened stress for customers,
                                                                                                                            as did longer queues at the
                                                                                                                            airports due to ever-changing
                                                                                                                            documentation requirements,
                                                                                                                            and the continued suspension
                                                                                                                            of certain products such as the
                                                                                                                            delivery of full premium services.


                                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                    23
 Strategic Report

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT




Connecting with our
stakeholders

Our key stakeholders                            We are not identifying our communities or    An overview of the relevance for IAG’s
                                                the environment as a distinct stakeholder    business model and strategy of these key
These last two years have been                  group; our long-term commitment to           stakeholders, and the key topics of interest
exceptional for our Group and for our           sustainability and corporate social          during the reporting period are
industry, as it has been for our society. The   responsibility is embedded in all we do at   summarised in the following table. In
information about our key stakeholders          Group and operating company level, from      addition, on the following pages, we
reflects those circumstances. The               our interactions with our customers          include a more detailed analysis of each
identification of who our key stakeholders      through to employees and shareholders.       stakeholder and its relationship with IAG.
are, and to some extent, the ways of            Our aim is to be a force for good in the
relating to them or the issues and shared       communities in which we operate and, in
interests discussed with them, are              doing so, create value for all our
inevitably conditioned by the challenges of     stakeholders.
the pandemic.




                        Fit in our business model and strategy                                      Key topics/interests
                        • Our customers are central to our success. They are at the core of our     • COVID-19 related safety
                          purpose, our business model and our strategy. Customers are the             measures
 Customers                reason why we exist.                                                      • COVID-19 travel restrictions
                        • They are fundamental to achieving our strategic priority of                 and requirements
                          strengthening our portfolio of world class brands and offering            • Flexibility measures considering
                          unrivalled customer propositions.                                           COVID-19 related situations
                        • IAG recognises the importance of our most loyal passengers through        • Customer service
                          our frequent flyer programmes. This ultimately creates long-term value    • Digitalisation
                          for both IAG and our customers.
                                                                                                    • Sustainability



                        Fit in our business model and strategy                                      Key topics/interests
                        • Across the Group, employees play a vital role in delivering the service   • Safety, wellbeing and mental
                          experience that customers expect, whether on the ground or in the air.      health, including specific
 Employees              • Our employees bring a diverse range of talent and perspectives that         COVID-19 measures
                          contribute to the values and culture of our companies.                    • Diversity and inclusion
                        • Creating an environment where employees feel motivated, safe and          • Training and career
                          able to thrive and deliver for customers is central to the continued        development
                          success of the Group.                                                     • Fair reward
                        • We recognise the critical role that employees will play in the recovery   • Corporate purpose and impact
                          and transformation of IAG and across the Group we are focusing on           on the world
                          improving employee engagement.                                            • Sustainability




24     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                   Fit in our business model and strategy                                        Key topics/interests
                   • They enable IAG to both invest in and grow the Group’s businesses.          • Government restrictions on
                   • As a capital-intensive business, IAG requires a substantial amount of         travel demand
Shareholders and
other financial      capital expenditure to replace existing assets and to enable growth.        • Prospects of demand recovery
stakeholders         The Group is dependent on external funding to meet these capital              and plans to restore capacity
                     expenditure commitments, to be able to replace or grow our fleet at         • Cost restructuring
                     the rate required to deliver our strategy and business plan.                • Cash flows, funding sources
                   • Provision of efficient external capital allows us to fund our operations      and liquidity
                     and invest in our asset base in a cost-effective manner, supporting the     • Short-term outlook for capacity
                     delivery of our business plan and the Group’s strategy.                       and operating profitability
                   • Their views are critical in supporting the Group to formulate its           • Environmental, social and
                     strategy, which drives operational and financial performance in order to      governance performance,
                     generate and optimise returns in a sustainable way.                           including climate change
                   • The availability of external capital has shaped the Group’s decisions         initiatives
                     through the pandemic as liquidity has been a key consideration. The         • Known capital spending and
                     ability to access external capital on competitive terms has influenced        debt repayment commitments
                     recovery plans and the financial strength and positioning of the Group
                     and its operating companies.




                   Fit in our business model and strategy                                        Key topics/interests
                   • Our suppliers are fundamental to ensuring our companies meet the            • COVID-19 impact
                     high standards that customers and other key stakeholders expect. Any        • Fair engagement with suppliers
Suppliers
                     deviation from our expected standards could impact on the Group’s           • Compliance with regulations
                     operational and financial performance as well as disrupting our
                                                                                                 • Responsible and robust supply
                     customers, leading to significant reputational damage for the operating
                                                                                                   chain
                     company and the Group.
                                                                                                 • Inflation challenges
                   • It remains the case that the airlines’ operations are dependent on a
                                                                                                 • Global supply chain issues
                     number of suppliers to ensure reliable performance and efficiency of
                     the operation.                                                              • Sustainability, with a focus on
                                                                                                   delivering upon the Group’s
                   • Supply chain integrity remains critical to our business as we rely on our
                                                                                                   Scope 3 commitments
                     suppliers to help meet our customers’ needs, ensure the reliability of
                     our services and support IAG’s sustainability agenda.
                   • The Group has several internal and external measures in place to
                     ensure supply chain resilience. We actively monitor potential supplier
                     risks and/or changes to relevant markets to ensure a continued robust
                     supply chain.




                   Fit in our business model and strategy                                        Key topics/interests
                   • Very many aspects of IAG’s business are affected by government              • Safety and security, including
                     policy and decision making, since the aviation industry is a strategic        COVID-19 related measures
Governments          industry in the eyes of policy makers. Public policies, regulations and     • Travel and quarantine
and regulators       political decisions condition IAG’s strategy, performance and even our        restrictions
                     customers’ experience.                                                      • Consumer rights
                   • Essential requirements for safety and security of operations are the        • Sustainability, including climate
                     highest priority of IAG’s operating companies but are also subject to         change
                     regulatory oversight by national authorities, requiring on going
                                                                                                 • Diversity and inclusion
                     compliance.
                                                                                                 • International relations including
                   • International air services are still governed by treaties agreed between
                                                                                                   air service agreements
                     states. These include provisions to determine market access and often
                                                                                                 • Infrastructure regulation
                     regulate frequency and capacity, which is essential to our business.
                                                                                                   including airspace
                   • These and other aviation policy issues mean that IAG must engage with
                                                                                                   modernisation and airport
                     policy makers, elected representatives, government bodies and
                                                                                                   charges
                     specialist aviation, economic and competition regulators since the rules
                     they establish and decisions they take directly affect our operations
                     and commercial practices.




                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        25
 Strategic Report

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CONTINUED




      Customers
As stated before, customers are at the          • We offer Contact Centre services and
heart of our purpose, the reason why we           have developed other digital channels
exist. Our customers travel with or connect       such as Chat bots in our websites or
through our portfolio of IAG brands, which        Whatsapp 24/7 to ensure that
are based in the UK, Spain and Ireland, our       customers can reach out to us whenever
home countries and where an important             they need to, and we constantly
number of our passengers start their trips.       enhance them so that their experience is
                                                  best in class. However, COVID-19 has
The different passenger segments include
                                                  hugely increased pressure in our call
leisure, VFF (visiting friends and family)
                                                  centres, especially regarding date
and business passengers (travelling on
                                                  changes and voucher requests. This has
their own) and corporate accounts.
                                                  made it very challenging for us to deliver
Additionally, customers from our Loyalty
                                                  the “best in class” experience that we        During 2021, the flying experience has
programmes are fundamental to us and
                                                  aimed for, and while the experience has       continued to be impacted by restrictive
key to our success. Last but not least,
                                                  improved throughout the year, it will         measures imposed by some governments
some of the world’s best-known brands
                                                  continue to be a key focus for 2022.          including lockdowns, quarantines or
trust us to transport their valued cargo,
whatever form this might take.                  • We keep our customers informed of the         testing requirements. These circumstances
                                                  latest changes in our service, product        entailed volatility in the flying schedule,
Another key stakeholder that is connected         enhancements or any other relevant            changes in documentation requirements,
to our customers is our employees, either         information through various channels,         with resulting increased stress for
if they directly interact with our customers      including our websites, e-mail and our        customers, and longer queues at the
or those indirectly involved, they are key to     very dynamic social media accounts.           airports, and finally, the continued
support and provide our customers the                                                           suspension of certain products such as the
                                                • Our customers receive guidance and a
best service, as well as being responsible                                                      delivery of full premium services (full meal
                                                  high standard of customer care
for resolving any customer complaints or                                                        service, hot towel). We had to respond
                                                  throughout their journey from our
claims through our customer relations                                                           and adapt our services to this situation,
                                                  distinguished on-board and airport
teams. In addition to this, those employees                                                     introducing measures to reassure our
                                                  colleagues.
with a day-to-day interaction with our                                                          customers and improve our services to the
customers represent our Group and their         Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
                                                                                                extent possible. Some examples are
respective companies’ culture and identity      Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the               implementation of documentation
in front of them. Having an engaged             relationship between our operating              verification apps, specific check-in and
workforce is key to the Group from a            companies and customers has become              arrivals procedures, or initiatives aimed at
customer experience point of view.              stronger than ever. Because of the              further digitalising the journey. The
Suppliers are another stakeholder group         increased uncertainty around the ability to     customer response to these measures in
that is relevant to customers, as a timely      fly to some destinations, as well as the        our surveys, as reflected in the NPS
and safe procurement of aircraft and            ever-changing restrictions and                  performance, has been very positive.
introduction of different products is key to    requirements to fly, our customers rely
our customer proposition.                       more than ever on our guidance. As a               For further detail see Our strategic
                                                                                                   priorities section.
                                                result of this, one of our main priorities
How we engage
                                                throughout the past year has been on            IAG Cargo continued to align its network
• Every day, we send the “Voice of
                                                reassuring customers throughout their           to customer demand, supporting
  Customer” survey to our passengers,
                                                whole journey. The airlines have launched       customers with cargo-led flying, increasing
  designed to collect our customers
                                                different initiatives for doing that, such as   frequencies on important trade routes and
  feedback on their experience. It helps us
                                                increasing the level of communication to        implementing an active charter
  understand key pain points throughout
                                                customers, from communications prior to         programme. IAG Cargo also moved large
  their journeys and to inform our product
                                                flying (website instructions, emails to         volumes of what are typically seen as
  and service strategy decisions.
                                                customers) or even announcements made           non-airfreight commodities as shippers
• We conduct brand surveys to help us           by pilots in the cabin.                         favoured shorter delivery times and
  understand the needs and expectations                                                         volumes shifted from sea to air against a
  of different customer types and meet          In addition to this, and as we experienced
                                                                                                background of supply chain disruption,
  those specific requirements through our       in 2020, the COVID-19 environment and
                                                                                                port congestion and low inventories.
  diverse portfolio of brands.                  travel restrictions have distorted our
                                                performance metrics, in particular NPS. As
• We provide different channels for our
                                                was the case in 2020, in 2021 IAG’s NPS
  customers to raise claims and
                                                remained significantly above 2019 levels.
  complaints, and closely monitor these to
                                                While this result represents high levels of
  accommodate our customers and take
                                                customer satisfaction across all IAG
  action where necessary.
                                                airlines, this score must be viewed in the
                                                context of the pandemic, as customer
                                                expectations and the flying experience
                                                have remained altered throughout 2021.




26     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                                                     Employees
                                           IAG employs around 55 thousand people            • IAG operates a number of employee-led
Results from the                           across our portfolio of airlines and platform      network groups which provide peer
                                           businesses. The majority of our staff              support and help us understand the
engagement with our                        directly support customers with cabin              experiences and challenges faced by
customers                                  crews and pilots making up 46 per cent of          colleagues, enabling the Group to take
In response to the feedback received,      our workforce, and airport and                     action to make our business more
and based on the tracking of key           maintenance teams representing a further           inclusive.
metrics performance, our operating         35 per cent. IAG staff are based                 • Collective bargaining arrangements are
companies have launched different          throughout the world, with the highest             in place for 89 per cent of our workforce.
initiatives to address our customer        concentration in our major hubs in the UK,         In addition, IAG has a European Works
needs. Some examples of it are:            Ireland and Spain.                                 Council (EWC) which brings together
                                           How we engage                                      representatives from the different
• Different initiatives aimed at further                                                      European Economic Area (EEA)
  digitalising the way customers make      • Each company in the Group has its own
                                                                                              countries in which the Group operates.
  and manage their trips. For example,       communication channels adapted to its
                                                                                              EWC representatives are informed about
  in relation to document verification,      culture and profile. In general terms,
                                                                                              and, where appropriate, consulted on
  which was especially challenging for       communication with employees is made
                                                                                              transnational matters which may impact
  customers throughout the year due          using formal and informal channels,
                                                                                              employees in two or more EEA
  to ever-changing documentation             which include performance reviews,
                                                                                              countries. Reflecting the changing
  requirements. All our airlines either      specific consultations, employee forums,
                                                                                              geopolitical landscape and the specific
  developed their own solutions to           internal social networks, local cascade
                                                                                              role of the EWC to manage transnational
  verify documentation or signed up to       meetings, newsletters, workshops,
                                                                                              issues for EEA Member States, the UK
  existing ones, including Verifly and       engagement surveys and confidential
                                                                                              will cease to have representatives within
  IATA travel pass.                          and independent Speak Up channels.
                                                                                              the EWC, and we will continue to
• In addition to digitising the way          These channels have been critical to
                                                                                              engage with UK employee
  customers can manage their trips, we       ensure we understand what matters to
                                                                                              representative groups on matters
  are also digitising our business.          colleagues and to ensure they
                                                                                              relevant to them through existing
  Leveraging digital solutions is a key      understand and can access the support
                                                                                              national channels. The EWC election and
  area of advancement and continued          available to them. We have continued to
                                                                                              appointment process for the new Select
  focus for all our airlines. Examples       tailor our approach throughout the year
                                                                                              Committee and Chair will be completed
  include transitioning our CRM to           to reflect the travel and working
                                                                                              in early 2022.
  Salesforce, implementing a lounge          restrictions in place.
  food ordering system, launching the      • Each operating company undertakes
  first European fully biometric airport     engagement surveys, at least annually,
  journey, introducing new providers of      across its full workforce, and this year, in
  our call centres, and developing           addition, IAG undertook an
  inflight pre-order solutions.              organisational health survey with
• In 2021, we launched new training          managers across the Group to
  methods coupled with a long-term           benchmark our working practices
  training plan for all customer-facing      against world class companies. These
  staff and their management teams.          surveys have helped management teams
                                             to refresh their people strategies and to
• Some of our airline brands developed
                                             adapt processes and policies to best
  new culinary proposition across all
                                             support colleagues.
  cabins as well as introduced new
  pre-order solutions for some cabins.
• Some airlines also looked at
  improving their Lounges experience
  through the creation of new and
  exciting partnerships.
• We also finished the roll out of the
  new initiatives that were put on hold
  due to COVID-19.




                                                               INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        27
 Strategic Report

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CONTINUED




Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic                We recognise the critical role that
The commitment, resilience, flexibility and    colleagues will play in the recovery and
support of our employees has been              transformation of IAG and are constantly
fundamental to our ability to navigate         looking at how we support them and to
through the unprecedented challenges of        create a diverse and inclusive culture. In
the last two years. Throughout the             2021, we refreshed our diversity and
pandemic, we have had to react to              inclusion strategy, introducing a new
changing regulations and travel restrictions   integrated framework to assess the
and implement changes to policies and          sufficiency of our plans and to support
ways of working at breakneck speed, and        operating companies with setting
we have relied on our colleagues to keep       priorities. We are proud of the progress we
our customers and each other safe and to       have made to make IAG more diverse and
continue to deliver the best customer          inclusive but know we have further to go
experience possible.                           to achieve our ambition. We also recognise    Results from the
                                               the impact of the pandemic in terms of
Our colleagues have experienced the
                                               workforce composition and gender pay,         engagement with our
personal impact of the pandemic in terms
of their roles, through both voluntary and
                                               reflecting both the temporary and             employees
                                               structural changes across the Group.
agreed changes to terms and conditions                                                       We use a range of channels to
and through participation in furlough and      As we emerge from the pandemic, we are        understand what matters to our
job protection schemes. Further,               seeing resourcing demands increase and        colleagues and to help us improve our
colleagues have seen significant change in     recruitment recommencing in a number of       people policies. Each operating
the composition and structure of our           areas. IAG’s unique operating model           company runs regular engagement
workforce, as we have taken the necessary      provides fantastic opportunities for career   surveys and last year we introduced an
steps to protect cash and remain               development and progression and we are        organisational health survey to better
competitive. At all times we have strived      building on our strengths in this regard      understand colleagues’ experiences and
to be open and transparent about these         with a more rigorous and structured           perceptions.
changes, consult with colleagues and           approach to talent management and
                                                                                             Based on feedback from colleagues we
employee representatives, and to support       succession planning and to ensure we
                                                                                             have taken action to review and update
colleagues with a focus on physical and        retain key talent.
                                                                                             our parental leave policies, making them
mental wellbeing.                                                                            more progressive, inclusive and
At IAG, we hold ambition, teamwork,                                                          supportive. We are also working hard to
pragmatism, efficiency and responsibility                                                    ensure that career opportunities in each
as key values that enable us to fulfil our                                                   of our operating units are more visible
purpose and colleagues have consistently                                                     across the Group.
demonstrated these values in responding                                                      We have invested in the right channels
to the various challenges that they have                                                     for communication and information to
been faced with across the year.                                                             improve advocacy and engagement
                                                                                             and ensure information is available on a
                                                                                             range of employee related issues. Whilst
                                                                                             the strength of our brands and career
                                                                                             opportunities at IAG is compelling in the
                                                                                             recruitment market, we have faced
                                                                                             challenges in attracting and retaining
                                                                                             talent for some critical roles given the
                                                                                             uncertainty and perceived risks in
                                                                                             aviation relative to other sectors less
                                                                                             impacted by the pandemic




28    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
    Shareholders and
other financial stakeholders
As an IBEX 35 and FTSE 100 company,             • Management and Investor Relations           raise external capital and has as a
IAG prides itself on being a multicultural        attend numerous investor conferences        consequence been reliant on providers of
group that has inherited the legacy of            throughout the year. Investor Relations     debt financing to support the liquidity
long-standing listed companies in Ireland,        organises roadshows around the world        position. The Group’s relationship banks
Spain and the United Kingdom. As a                to meet investors with diverse              have provided capital in a number of
company listed on two of the largest stock        perspectives and from different             formats to support liquidity.
markets in the world, IAG has investors           locations. Some of these include both
                                                                                              The deterioration in our credit rating has
from all around the world as well as from         management and Board members and
                                                                                              seen the Company move out of investment
its major markets.                                have a business focus as well as a
                                                                                              grade into high yield and thus a different
                                                  corporate governance and ESG focus.
The Group has a wide range of                                                                 segment of the capital market. Expected
shareholders. The largest shareholder is        • The Investor Relations team maintains       terms and conditions in the high-yield
Qatar Airways with a 25.1 per cent holding        an ongoing dialogue with equity, credit     market tend to be more punitive than
acquired between 2015 and 2020. Other             and ESG research analysts to                investment grade owing to the weaker
shareholders comprise individual retail           understand investors’ and shareholders’     credit quality of the issuer, however we
investors, institutional investors and the        views of the Group. The Group Treasury      have been able to execute several capital
Spanish state holding company, Sociedad           team has regular interactions with credit   markets transactions through the year on
Estatal de Participaciones Industriales           analysts, global banks, debt investors      terms aligned with our investment grade
(SEPI), which has a 2.5 per cent                  and credit rating agencies. Finally, the    issuances, for example the senior
shareholding. Apart from Qatar Airways,           Group Fleet Investments team and the        unsecured and convertible bonds issued in
most shareholders are located in Europe,          Fleet teams of each operating company       2021.
mainly in Spain and the United Kingdom,           have regular interactions with aircraft
                                                  operating lessors, who are either           During this difficult period, we have raised
and in the United States.
                                                  specialist aircraft leasing companies or    substantial funds from the debt capital
To fund investment and capital                    the leasing arms of global banks. New       markets. In March 2021, the Group raised
expenditure commitments, in addition to           commitments with these lessors are          €1.2 billion in a two-tranche senior
equity, the Group requires access to debt         managed centrally through the Group         unsecured bond issuance. In May 2021, IAG
capital markets. This has been particularly       Fleet Investments team.                     raised a further €825 million through a
relevant during the pandemic and has                                                          single tranche Convertible Bond issuance.
resulted in the Group currently having          Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic               Both transactions provided additional
significant financial leverage. We have         Throughout the pandemic, the Group has        financial flexibility for the Group as the
raised debt liabilities in a range of markets   maintained as frequent contact with           pandemic evolved. As far as our airlines
using different structures including, but not   institutional shareholders and investors as   are concerned, British Airways has been
limited to, senior unsecured bonds,             before the pandemic, the main difference      able to access the capital markets to
convertible bonds, secured bonds, private       being the use of virtual meetings and         support its financial position throughout
placements, finance leases, mortgage loans      events replacing in-person meetings and       the year. The company raised £2.0 billion
and operating lease arrangements. The           events. The AGM was held virtually for the    through a term loan with commercial bank
providers of debt capital span commercial       second consecutive year. The Group’s          partners supported by an 80 per cent
and investment banks, institutional             management hosted four quarterly results      guarantee from the UK Export Finance
investors and aircraft lessors. The             calls for analysts and investors during the   Agency. A further £1.0 billion was raised in
providers of capital are geographically         year. For a second year, however, the         October in the form of an undrawn Credit
diverse as the Group accesses markets           Group did not host a Capital Markets Day,     Facility, again provided by a syndicate of
globally.                                       given lack of uncertainty of the recovery     relationship banks with a 80 per cent UK
                                                from the pandemic and the considerable        Export Finance Agency guarantee. In
How we engage
                                                management time required to deal with         March 2021, British Airways, Iberia and
• We actively and frequently                    the operational and financial impacts of      Aer Lingus secured $1,755 million of
  communicate with shareholders and             COVID-19. Unfortunately, IAG was unable       committed funding in the form of a
  other financial stakeholders through an       to distribute a dividend to shareholders      Secured Revolving Credit Facility provided
  open and transparent dialogue so they         because of the negative impact of the         by the Group’s relationship banks. The
  can understand performance and also           pandemic and government travel                facility enhances the companies‘ liquidity
  raise any possible concerns.                  restrictions on the Group’s financial         positions and provides committed funding
• IAG usually holds at least six formal         performance.                                  that can be drawn and repaid as and when
  meetings every year (Annual General                                                         required.
                                                The pandemic has resulted in an
  Meeting, Capital Markets Day and four
                                                unprecedented decline in operating               For further detail see the Financial review
  quarterly results briefings), where
                                                performance and resulted in material cash        section.
  shareholders, investors and equity and
                                                outflows. To maintain a suitable level of
  credit analysts have the opportunity to
                                                liquidity the Group has been forced to
  interact with management.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          29
 Strategic Report

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CONTINUED




                                                                                                Suppliers
                                                                                         IAG GBS provides a centralised
                                             Environmental, Social,                      procurement function for the Group and
                                             and Governance                              manages supplier engagement for 13,272
                                             ESG continues to be an area of focus        suppliers. In 2021, IAG GBS Group
                                             for engagement with investors. The          Procurement helped deliver over 1,500
                                             Investor Relations team has an ongoing      initiatives to further optimise IAG’s supply
                                             dialogue with ESG research analysts         chain.
                                             and has hosted several meetings for the
                                                                                         Aircraft and engine manufacturers are one
                                             Group Head of Sustainability with key
                                                                                         of our key suppliers groups. Our aircraft
                                             shareholders and institutional investors.
                                                                                         suppliers include Airbus, Boeing and
                                             Investor Relations concluded in             Embraer, and we have engines provided
                                             February 2021 an investor survey sent       by CFM, GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls
 Results from the                            to the 100 largest institutional            Royce, who also provide IAG with long
                                             shareholders. The survey, launched in       term engine maintenance services, as well
 engagement with                             December 2020, had the objective of         as support with spare parts and repairs
 shareholders and other                      better understanding investors’             used in our own maintenance facilities.
 financial stakeholders                      approaches towards ESG issues so that
                                                                                         The Group is dependent on the
                                             IAG can more closely align its ESG
 In conjunction with the Investor                                                        performance of key suppliers that provide
                                             strategy, plans, reporting frameworks
 Relations team, IAG’s Chairman, Senior                                                  services to our customers and the
                                             and disclosures with the interests and
 Independent Director, Chief Executive                                                   business, including aircraft, engine,
                                             priorities of investors. The findings of
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer have                                                maintenance, airport operations and
                                             this survey and its conclusions and
 engaged on many occasions with                                                          catering suppliers. Key suppliers are
                                             recommendations were shared with
 shareholders and equity investors.                                                      defined based on their importance to IAG,
                                             IAG’s sustainability team and the
 The Chief Executive Officer and Chief                                                   both in terms of economic impact and the
                                             Group’s Sustainability Steering Group
 Financial Officer hosted two virtual                                                    complexity or risk of supply markets and
                                             and presented to the Safety,
 roadshows following the full year and                                                   include any service provider or third party
                                             Environment and Corporate
 half year results in March and                                                          that could significantly impact business
                                             Responsibility Committee of the Board.
 September, respectively, and discussed                                                  operations if there is any disruption to the
                                             The findings of the ESG survey have
 with investors a range of strategic,                                                    services or product provided.
                                             been incorporated in IAG’s disclosure
 financial, operational and ESG topics,      frameworks, approaches to ESG rating        How we engage
 in particular the prospects and plans for   agencies and ESG communications,            • The Group engages with suppliers using
 a recovery from COVID-19. In addition,      including a planned ESG focused media         customary procurement processes and
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief       and investor event for 2022.                  through joint projects, including the
 Financial Officer held virtual meetings                                                   Hangar 51 accelerator programme,
 with a number of our key institutional                                                    independent review partners, industry
 investors and the Investor Relations                                                      conferences and supplier workshops.
 team attended numerous investor
                                                                                         • The relationship with aircraft
 meetings and broker conferences for
                                                                                           manufacturers and lessors is managed
 investors throughout the year.
                                                                                           centrally by Group Fleet Investments
 The Chairman hosted a virtual                                                             who work closely with the fleet teams in
 roadshow with key shareholders in April                                                   the Group companies and with the MRO
 to discuss a range of ESG matters, in                                                     (Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul)
 particular on climate change, diversity                                                   Procurement Team in IAG GBS.
 and Board governance issues. In                                                         • In relation to airframe manufacturers,
 addition, the Chairman and Senior                                                         IAG has well established relationships
 Independent Director, who is also Chair                                                   with both Airbus and Boeing, whose
 of the Remuneration Committee,                                                            aircraft make up most of the Group fleet,
 consulted with key shareholders on                                                        as well as with Embraer whose regional
 remuneration policy in April.                                                             aircraft are operated by British Airways
                                                                                           CityFlyer.
                                                                                         • All other suppliers are managed centrally
                                                                                           by IAG GBS Group Procurement in
                                                                                           conjunction with relevant business
                                                                                           stakeholders.




30    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
Faced with the challenges of the COVID-19                                                      and not unlawfully discriminated
pandemic, we have strengthened many                                                            against. We expect our suppliers to
supplier relationships working side by side                                                    promote and provide work
with the businesses we operate with to                                                         environments free from abuse,
ensure mutual success. Equally, we have                                                        intimidation and harassment and that
worked hard to identify those suppliers                                                        allow people to raise concerns freely
who may have been heavily impacted by                                                          and without fear of retaliation. IAG will
the crisis and assisted in developing quick                                                    only work with businesses which share
and effective solutions to ensure support                                                      our standards and ways of working.
was given where it was needed. This has                                                        Performance and metrics
included the timely management of                                                              As a minimum, all suppliers undergo
payments.                                         Results from the                             bi-annual screening for any legal, social,
                                                                                               environmental and financial risks. IAG
In 2021, we have leveraged synergies              engagement with                              GBS carries out in-depth supplier audits
within the IAG supply chain, benchmarking
requirements and simplifying the supplier         our suppliers                                as part of the Group’s commitment to
base wherever appropriate. There has              In 2021, IAG became the first airline        sustainability. These audits are based on
been extensive collaboration with our             group worldwide to extend its net zero       potential geographical and
suppliers to switch from fixed to variable        commitment to its supply chain. The          procurement category risk and
costs enabling flexibility in the difficult       Group will continue to liaise with,          performed by independent inspectors
business environment.                             support and monitor suppliers to ensure      with corporate social responsibility
                                                  net zero emissions by 2050 for               (CSR) expertise using the SEDEX
The COVID-19 pandemic required IAG GBS
                                                  products and services provided to            Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA)
Group Procurement to change focus. The
                                                  the business.                                methodology. The findings from the
level and frequency of engagement with
                                                                                               audits are discussed with the suppliers
key suppliers increased and plans were            IAG GBS has partnered with EcoVadis,         and corrective actions are agreed,
implemented to mitigate the impact of the         a market-leading provider of business        if necessary.
crisis until we had further clarity about the     sustainability ratings, to support the
extent of the impact on the Group. We             understanding and delivery of                To identify, manage and mitigate
updated our procurement supplier                  sustainability targets in our supply         potential bribery and corruption risks,
engagement plan and worked in close               chain, including environment, labour         IAG uses risk-based third-party due
partnership with our suppliers to defer           and human rights, and ethics.                diligence which includes screenings,
spend and reduce costs. Wider measures                                                         external reports, interviews and site
were also implemented to temporarily              In 2021, IAG GBS continued to engage         visits depending on the level of risk that
waive minimum volume commitments                  in initiatives that have led to a further    a third-party presents. Any risks
across our contracts and we stopped or            reduction of onboard single-use              identified during the due diligence
postponed capital investment projects that        plastics, including a switch from plastic    process are analysed and a mitigation
were no longer needed during the                  cutlery sets to a sustainable wood           plan put in place as necessary. Certain
pandemic. The Group’s goal is to ensure its       cutlery pack. This switch delivered a        risks could result in termination of the
supply chain is secure; for any risks             plastic reduction of 185 tonnes per year     proposed or existing relationship with
identified at key suppliers, timely analysis is   across the Group. All plastic packaging      the supplier. Business-critical suppliers
performed to understand the situation and         was also removed from the BA Club            are highlighted to the Group companies
define a potential business continuity plan.      World soft proposition, such as blanket      in regular risk alerts. The IAG Audit and
                                                  and pillow wrapping.                         Compliance Committee receives an
Our relationships with our aircraft
                                                  IAG GBS Supplier Code of Conduct             annual update on the anti-bribery
manufacturers were also key to us during
                                                  The IAG GBS Supplier Code of Conduct         compliance programme.
the pandemic. It has been necessary to
reschedule many of our aircraft deliveries        clarifies the standards of behaviour         In addition to the above, Group
and the Group worked closely with our             expected from any supplier working           Procurement is working to deliver
aircraft manufacturers to mutually agree          with any part of our business and            our Scope 3 commitment of net zero
terms for this. The Group Fleet and Group         emphasises the importance of                 (supply chain) emissions by 2050,
Procurement teams also worked with                sustainability and fair treatment of         and 20 per cent emission reduction
aircraft lessors and engine suppliers to          employees. IAG and its suppliers must        by 2030, in support of the Group’s
align our spend more closely with the use         ensure that workers are treated fairly       sustainability programme.
of the fleet during the period where flying
was heavily reduced. As we now plan for
the recovery from the pandemic, it is
equally important that we re-align our
requirements working closely with our
aircraft suppliers and lessors to be
prepared for the recovery and to retain
sufficient flexibility in an uncertain world.


                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         31
 Strategic Report

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CONTINUED




    Governments
and regulators
Government and regulator stakeholders            industry. IAG’s government affairs team         really challenging and essential to allow
include a wide range of organisations and        works closely with operating companies to       the smooth operation of IAG’s airline
individuals. Our airline operating               ensure work in these areas is consistent        companies in 2021. The nature of the
companies are subject to regulation by           and informed.                                   pandemic with constantly changing
civil aviation regulators in the countries in                                                    regulatory requirements around the world
                                                 How we engage
which they are registered (Ireland, Spain                                                        has meant a greater degree of interaction
                                                 • With all these we seek to arrange one to
and the UK) requiring very frequent                                                              than in previous years.
                                                   one contact but also work through our
engagement on practical matters, in
                                                   various industry associations, including      The unprecedented level of engagement
particular safety and security but also
                                                   the Asociación de Líneas Aéreas (ALA)         with governments and regulators during
consumer rights and other policy issues.
                                                   in Spain, Airlines UK, IATA and A4E. We       2021 included Corporate Affairs and
Our airlines must also conform to
                                                   aim to take a leading role in each            operating company staff taking part in
regulatory requirements in all the countries
                                                   organisation with representation on the       regular national fora such as, in the UK, the
in which they operate, necessitating
                                                   relevant executive committees and             Department of Transport’s Expert Steering
involvement directly with many different
                                                   boards. These associations reflect and        Group established to manage its response
aviation authorities around the world on a
                                                   amplify IAG’s positions in our “home”         to the pandemic. Iberia representatives in
range of topics from administrative
                                                   countries – but also provide additional       Spain have engaged with government
processes necessary to secure operating
                                                   resource in key markets further afield.       stakeholders, in particular with AESA
licences to slot applications and diplomatic
                                                 • We also work to influence the relevant        (Agencia Estatal de Seguridad Aérea) in a
discussions as well as, in this year, to
                                                   supra-national organisations such as the      similar way as have Aer Lingus senior
comply with COVID-19 restrictions.
                                                   International Civil Aviation Organisation     executives with the Departments for
The nature of IAG’s business, including its        (ICAO), in particular on COVID-19 or in       Foreign Affairs, Transport and the
strategic goal of consolidation in the airline     support of its sustainability initiative      Economy in Ireland. There has been
sector, means that regulatory stakeholders         CORSIA, largely through our home              extensive interaction both direct and
include competition authorities such as            countries’ national government inputs         indirectly with authorities in important
DG-COMP in the European Union and the              and directly where possible.                  markets for IAG’s operating companies
Competition and Markets Authority in the                                                         such as India, China, Hong Kong and the
UK. The wide range of policy subjects            Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic                 US in support of relaxing COVID-19
means that government stakeholders               The involvement of regulators in aviation       restrictions and reopening markets.
include national ministries responsible for      has never been so relevant as during the
                                                                                                 To manage the impacts of the pandemic,
(among others): transport, trade, finance,       COVID-19 pandemic where governments
                                                                                                 especially given multiplicity of changes
tourism, skills, the environment and             have sought to control the spread of the
                                                                                                 and, among other issues, the emerging
international relations, as well as the          virus through travel restrictions. A range of
                                                                                                 need for technological solutions to
European Commission’s DG-MOVE and                measures have been imposed on airlines,
                                                                                                 verifying travel documentation, IAG
other directorates. IAG also seeks to build      from simple requirements to wear masks
                                                                                                 established internal working groups, both
relationships with members of national           on board to outright prohibition of flights.
                                                                                                 cross department within the operating
parliaments and of the European                  As a result, IAG’s usual close engagement
                                                                                                 companies and across Group companies,
Parliament across the political spectrum to      with the national governments, regulators
                                                                                                 which continued to operate during 2021
enhance understanding of, and support            and parliamentarians in the states in which
                                                                                                 and which allowed IAG to manage the
for, our policy positions.                       its airlines are based has been
                                                                                                 process of implementing rule changes.
                                                 exceptionally intense during the two-year
In building these relationships and                                                              These groups drew on the wide range of
                                                 duration of the pandemic.
undertaking engagement we work closely                                                           experience and expertise across the
with our national and international trade        Government precautions and regulatory           Group’s operating companies and allowed
associations in particular the International     decisions have had direct and immediate         a common position to be adopted in
Air Transport Association (IATA) and             impacts on our operating companies.             response to several proposed travel
Airlines For Europe (A4E).                       Close engagement has therefore been             restrictions, strengthening IAG’s position. It
                                                 essential in order to monitor and               has also ensured that updates on new
Government engagement is not an isolated
                                                 understand the actions that governments         requirements and restrictions, as well as
activity. There is a clear relationship with
                                                 have taken, to ensure compliance with new       expertise, can be more rapidly shared
customer stakeholders since government
                                                 rules and to allow our operating                across the Group.
and regulatory stakeholders are concerned
                                                 companies to make operational changes
with matters such as consumer rights, and
                                                 and decisions about when and where to
with employee stakeholders since
                                                 operate. It also allows operating
colleagues are responsible for delivering
                                                 companies to provide information to
customer service and are also affected by
                                                 customers and colleagues in a timely and
policy decisions relating to the aviation
                                                 effective way.
                                                 The frequent and sudden changes in policy
                                                 and regulations have made this activity




32     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Results from the                           We also engage on all policy topics          Sustainability, and the EU’s Fit for 55
                                           affecting our business in the EU             package in particular as well as the UK’s
engagement government                      (Brussels), Spain, Ireland and in the UK,    Net Zero strategy, have potentially a
and regulators                             where our staff have met government          very significant impact on the industry
                                           ministers and officials to provide input     and IAG – it is the key public policy
Our direct efforts, but also those
                                           on a range of issues including the UK        issue facing the Group. In this area, we
undertaken collectively with trade
                                           government’s potential aviation              engage with regulators and
associations and – unusually, but given
                                           strategy, Heathrow’s price review by         governments to ensure the Group’s’
the unprecedented impacts of the
                                           the Civil Aviation Authority and with        leadership in the sustainability field is
pandemic – on several occasions
                                           government departments in all the            clear and to influence changes to policy
together with competitor airlines, have
                                           home countries on the topic of airport       both to support our priorities as a
often been challenging given the speed
                                           charges. Where appropriate the Group         Group and to support an effective
of change and the multiplicity of
                                           (or IAG) engages with and seeks to           approach to ensure aviation
regulations. Success has often come in
                                           influence policy developments in key         decarbonisation is adopted.
the form of mitigating even more
                                           overseas markets, including the US
restrictive measures. Other positive                                                    International relations
                                           in particular.
outcomes have included helping the                                                      IAG’s Corporate Affairs team engages
European Commission to shape its           During 2021 positive outcomes ranged         with international multilateral and
official guidance on COVID-19 measures     from policy changes to operational           bilateral discussions with the EU and
and the development and integration of     specifics: IAG took a prominent part in      third countries and the UK government
digital travel apps into the border        collective influencing activity that         in its talks with aviation partners and
process in the UK and successes in         resulted in a reduced rate of Air            joins international fora such as the ICAO
influencing the design of UK               Passenger Duty on domestic flights in        ICAN Conference on behalf of IAG
documentation, in a staged way,            the UK and working individually, directly    operating companies. IAG aims to
to benefit consumers. Waivers from         secured access for British Airways to        encourage open and liberal air service
the “use it or lose it” slot rules in      Linate after leaving the EU through          agreements that promote competition
Europe and the UK for the summer and       positive engagement with the Italian         and consumer benefits and to secure
winter 2021 seasons were also secured      authorities. IAG also successfully           access for our operating companies in
after intensive influencing work by the    supported the European Commission in         new markets.
sector, in which IAG teams played          its signing of a Comprehensive Air
a significant role.                        Transport Agreement with Qatar.
Although policy and regulation on          Sustainability
COVID-19 response has dominated the        The Corporate Affairs team is delivering
year, we have continued to engage on       a programme of engagement in the EU
many other issues in our home              for the IAG Sustainability Team in
countries and in Brussels. These include   response to the EU’s Fit for 55 policy.
airspace modernisation, aviation taxes,    This includes identifying appropriate
consumer rights, slot policy and airport   contacts in the institutions of the EU
charges among others. Decisions by         and managing engagement.
government and regulators in these
                                           In 2021, this has included direct
areas have potential to affect our
                                           meetings with senior officials in three
operations in various ways, so
                                           different Directorates of the European
responding to them can present an
                                           Commission; around half of the
opportunity for our Group.
                                           permanent representatives
                                           (ambassadors) of Member States to the
                                           EU and many members of the European
                                           Parliament as well as ministers in Spain
                                           and Ireland in a number of departments.




                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021    33
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW




Well-positioned for recovery


                                                                                            £2.0 billion (€2.3 billion) for British
                                                                                            Airways, partly guaranteed by UK Export
                                                                                            Finance (UKEF) and an additional
                                                                                            €75 million from Ireland’s Strategic
                                                                                            Investment Fund. In March, IAG issued two
                                                                                            unsecured bonds, totalling €1.2 billion and
                                                                                            then followed this with a €825 million
                                                                                            convertible bond in May. The Group also
                                                                                            secured additional credit facilities, with a
                                                                                            $1.755 billion (€1.6 billion) revolving credit
                                                                                            facility for British Airways, Iberia and
                                                                                            Aer Lingus, which was agreed and
                                                                                            executed in March, together with a further
                                                                                            £1.0 billion (€1.2 billion) UKEF credit facility
                                                                                            for British Airways in November. The
                                                                                            Group did not need to draw on any of its
                                                                                            general facilities and ended the year with a
                                                                                            very strong cash balance of €7.94 billion.
                                                                                            As a result, total liquidity, including
                                                                                            €4.04 billion of committed and undrawn
                                                                                            general and aircraft facilities, ended the
                                                                                            year at €12.0 billion.
                                                                                            At the time of last year’s full-year results
                                                                                            announcement in February 2021, capital
Steve Gunning                                                                               expenditure for 2021 was expected to be
Chief Financial Officer                                                                     €1.7 billion, including the delivery of seven
                                                                                            wide-bodied aircraft, with four Airbus
                                                                                            A350s and three Boeing 787s due for
                                                                                            delivery in the year. None of these
                                                                                            wide-bodied aircraft was delivered, due to
“The Group took, and continues to                                                           delays at Airbus and Boeing. This was the
                                                                                            principal driver of the record-low capital
 take, decisive actions to preserve                                                         expenditure of €0.7 billion for the year.
                                                                                            The Group does still expect to take
 liquidity.”                                                                                delivery of the aircraft it has on order,
                                                                                            which are needed to restore capacity as
A year ago, I wrote that the timing and      as membership increased and consumer           the recovery takes hold.
shape of recovery was uncertain and          spending rose.                                 Quarter 3 of 2021 proved to be an inflexion
hence the Group remained focused on                                                         point for net cashflow from operating
                                             The operating loss for the year was
preserving liquidity and transforming its                                                   activities, which turned positive for the first
                                             €2,765 million, with an operating loss
businesses for the future. The events of                                                    time since Quarter 1, 2020. Operating
                                             excluding exceptional items of
2021 demonstrated that uncertainty very                                                     cashflow increased further in Quarter 4,
                                             €2,970 million, which, whilst still
clearly and were a reminder of the need to                                                  linked to positive EBITDA and increased
                                             substantial, was reduced by €1,420 million
continue to preserve liquidity, together                                                    forward bookings. Net cashflow from
                                             versus 2020. The greatest progress was
with a focus on exploiting the                                                              operating activities for the second half was
                                             made in Spain, where travel restrictions
opportunities the future will offer.                                                        €989 million positive, resulting in a net
                                             were less severe than in Ireland and the
In 2021, the recovery was slow to take       UK.                                            outflow for the year of only €141 million,
hold, as many markets were subject to                                                       versus an outflow of €3,432 million in
                                             In the face of uncertain travel restrictions   2020.
severe travel restrictions well into the
                                             and demand, the Group took further
second quarter and the US did not re-open                                                   In November, the Omicron variant of
                                             actions to preserve liquidity. These
its borders to any meaningful degree until                                                  COVID-19 was a further reminder of the
                                             included a continued focus on operating
November. Where markets opened up                                                           uncertain shape of the recovery and has
                                             and capital expenditure, together with
there was evidence of strong pent-up                                                        validated the actions taken in 2021 to
                                             successfully raising new general debt and
demand for travel, both from leisure and                                                    preserve and further boost liquidity. These
                                             new committed credit facilities,
corporate customers. The Group continued                                                    actions leave the Group well-positioned to
                                             demonstrating its continued access to
to focus on cash generation when planning                                                   benefit from the recovery, as it develops.
                                             funding markets. The Group successfully
capacity, including addressing the cargo
                                             financed all 45 aircraft delivered in 2020
opportunities that arose due to lower
                                             and 2021 using long-term aircraft financing    Steve Gunning
volumes of passenger aircraft capacity
                                             arrangements.                                  Chief Financial Officer
worldwide than pre-pandemic. IAG Loyalty
saw an increase in volumes versus 2020,      The Group raised €4.4 billion of additional
                                             non-aircraft related debt in 2021, including
34    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
FINANCIAL REVIEW




COVID-19 impact and IAG’s response
The main impact of COVID-19 materialised            Structure of Financial Review
as a significant drop in the demand for
passenger flights, linked to both the               Due to the continued impact of                were COVID-19 and the related
pandemic itself and the travel restrictions         COVID-19 and governments’ travel              governmental travel bans and
introduced, which changed many times                restrictions, many of the usual variance      restrictions, rather than broader
throughout 2020 and 2021, often with no             analysis and measures are significantly       economic factors. This review,
or very short notice, thereby creating              less meaningful than in previous years        therefore, is structured to provide detail
uncertainty for customers. Capacity                 and in some cases, measures used              about the impact of COVID-19 on the
started to recover from the third quarter of        previously no longer provide relevant         Group, including the measures the
2021, in line with easing of restrictions and       insight into understanding the                Group has taken to mitigate the
there was a strong increase in bookings for         performance of the Group. As a                financial impact of the pandemic.
future travel once the US government                consequence, and in keeping with the          Where variances exceed 100 per cent
announced it was easing its travel                  Financial Review of 2020, in this review      they have been substituted with ‘nm’
restrictions, which had operated largely            there is no detail on industry growth         for ‘not meaningful’ and the absolute
unchanged from March 2020 to November               rates and GDP by market; in 2021 the          values are shown.
2021.                                               main drivers of capacity and revenue

As a result of the significantly reduced
flying programme, in 2020 aircraft had to
                                                 In 2020, the Group successfully completed        The Group entered into new credit
be temporarily grounded, with some
                                                 a capital increase of €2.7 billion and raised    facilities, including a $1.755 billion
retired early. Jet fuel consumption in 2020
                                                 non-aircraft related debt of €1.4 billion,       (€1.6 billion) facility for British Airways,
and 2021 was significantly lower than that
                                                 together with negotiating a new contract         Iberia and Aer Lingus and a further
on which the Group’s hedging programme
                                                 with Amex, which resulted in a one-off           £1.0 billion (€1.2 billion) via an additional
was based, leading to the discontinuation
                                                 payment of €830 million, including a             UKEF facility for British Airways, agreed in
of hedge accounting for the related
                                                 significant pre-payment.                         the final quarter of 2021. Neither of these
derivative financial instruments. In addition,
                                                                                                  facilities was drawn in the year and, as at
the commodity price of jet fuel fell sharply,    The Group also protected liquidity through
                                                                                                  February 24, 2022 the Group had fully
leading to significant losses related to the     working capital initiatives to defer
                                                                                                  committed and undrawn general facilities
hedging programme, with an exceptional           payments into 2021 and by offering
                                                                                                  of €2.9 billion and €1.1 billion of aircraft
charge of €1.7 billion net of gains on           customers the choice of vouchers for
                                                                                                  financing facilities, bringing total facilities
related foreign exchange derivatives and a       future travel, in place of cash refunds. The
                                                                                                  to €4.0 billion.
cash outflow in 2020 of €1.1 billion. In 2021    net impact of vouchers issued and
the remaining overhedged derivatives             redeemed in 2021 was broadly neutral.
were settled, with a gain of €0.2 billion,
                                                 Funding initiatives continued in 2021, with
reducing the total net loss to €1.5 billion.
                                                 a further €4.4 billion of non-aircraft related
From early 2020 and throughout 2021 the          debt raised, including a £2.0 billion
Group acted to mitigate the impact of            (€2.3 billion) UK Export Finance (UKEF)
COVID-19 on its liquidity and results,           backed loan for British Airways and at IAG
through reductions in operating and              unsecured bonds of €1.2 billion and a
capital expenditure, together with working       convertible bond of €825 million. The
capital initiatives and additional funding.      Group also repaid £300 million
                                                 (€350 million) of one-year commercial
                                                 paper issued under the UK’s CCFF
                                                 mechanism.




                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021            35
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




Capacity                                                                 IAG regional capacity
IAG capacity                                                                                ASKs      ASKs
                                                                         Year to          higher/   higher/                 Higher/   Higher/
In 2021, IAG capacity, measured in available seat kilometres             December 31,     (lower)   (lower) Passenger       (lower)   (lower)
(ASKs), was lower by 63.9 per cent versus 2019, with the impact          2021               v2019    v2020 load factor        v2019    v2020
of the COVID-19 pandemic felt across all regions. However, Group         Domestic         (26.5)% 46.3%       74.9       (12.3) pts   3.9 pts
capacity was up 7.7 per cent versus 2020, as global travel
                                                                         Europe           (64.7)%    19.3%     69.1      (14.5) pts   4.5 pts
restrictions began to ease as vaccine programmes progressed.
Capacity was increasingly restored during the year, in line with the     North America    (71.3)%   (6.8)%    49.4       (34.7) pts (3.8) pts
easing of travel restrictions, although with some impact of the          Latin America
Omicron variant of COVID-19 felt in December.                            and Caribbean    (52.3)%   33.7%     69.8       (16.6) pts (2.9) pts
Proportion of 2019 passenger capacity operated by quarter                Africa, Middle
                           Q1           Q2           Q3           Q4     East and
                                                                         South Asia       (66.8)% (14.0)%     67.4       (15.6) pts   0.2 pts
Aer Lingus              15.2%        10.9%        27.1%       44.3%
                                                                         Asia Pacific     (87.9)% (58.7)%     39.4       (46.4) pts (21.9) pts
British Airways         14.8%        14.1%        31.7%        52.7%
                                                                         Total network    (63.9)%    7.7%     64.5       (20.1) pts   0.7 pts
Iberia                  37.5%       43.5%        62.7%         75.3%
LEVEL                   10.0%        4.3%         15.5%        10.8%     Domestic and Europe
Vueling                 14.7%       32.2%        76.6%        79.4%      Together, IAG’s Domestic and European markets continue to
Group                   19.6%       21.9%        43.4%        58.3%      represent the Group’s largest region. However, capacity across
                                                                         both was, and continues to be, significantly impacted by travel
Across the year, the travel restrictions for Ireland and the UK were     restrictions and quarantine requirements.
greater than for Spain and consequently Iberia and Vueling were
                                                                         Capacity in IAG’s Domestic markets recovered to a greater extent
able to increase capacity earlier than the other Group airlines, with
                                                                         than other regions, with capacity lower by only 26.5 per cent
both reaching over 75 per cent of 2019 capacity in the final
                                                                         versus 2019 and 46.3 per cent higher than in 2020. British
quarter of the year.
                                                                         Airways’ capacity reflected demand from UK holidaymakers
In the first three months of 2021, IAG capacity, measured in             avoiding overseas destinations, which were subject to quarantine
available seat kilometres (ASKs), was restricted to 19.6 per cent of     restrictions and expensive testing requirements. Vueling
that in the first quarter of 2019, with reductions across all regions.   operations focused on connecting the Spanish peninsula with
Capacity was significantly affected by the travel restrictions put in    both the Canary and Balearic Islands and Iberia maintained similar
place, including new national lockdowns in the UK and Ireland in         Domestic routes for connectivity. Aer Lingus maintained its route
response to the third wave of infections at the start of the year.       between London and Belfast and benefitted from UK citizens
Passenger capacity for quarter 2 was up marginally at 21.9 per           opting for domestic holidays. Passenger load factor for the region
cent of 2019, with capacity increased where limited easing of            was the highest for the Group at 74.9 per cent, down only 12.3
travel restrictions allowed. Quarter 3 saw the highest passenger         points versus 2019.
numbers and load factors since the start of the pandemic, but
                                                                         The Group’s capacity in Europe was 64.7 per cent lower than
capacity was still severely constrained at 43.4 per cent of 2019.
                                                                         2019, however it recovered 19.3 per cent above 2020 as
Capacity continued to increase in quarter 4, up to 58.3 per cent of
                                                                         vaccination rates increased and travel restrictions eased.
2019. The emergence of the Omicron variant impacted demand,
                                                                         Aer Lingus, Vueling and Iberia benefitted from the introduction of
mainly in December, as governments introduced stricter travel
                                                                         the EU Digital Covid Certificate in the summer, allowing EU
requirements and border restrictions in response.
                                                                         travellers to avoid self-isolation on travelling to other member
The IAG passenger load factor was down 20.1 points from 2019 to          states, with passenger load factors in the second half of the year
64.5 per cent, also impacted by travel restrictions, which changed       significantly higher as a result. British Airways had a good
frequently, together with low demand and a higher than normal            performance throughout the summer on the routes operated to
level of passengers not checking in for flights that were still          destinations included on the UK Government’s ‘Travel Corridor’
operating (’no-shows’). The passenger load factor for 2021 was up        Green and Amber list countries, once self-isolation requirements
marginally on the 63.8 per cent seen in 2020. Some flights were          for double-vaccinated passengers were removed.
operated mainly for cargo purposes, with low passenger load
                                                                         North America
factors, but still cash-positive for the Group. The reduction in
capacity across the industry continues to benefit cargo operations       IAG’s North American capacity was severely limited by the United
with favourable cargo yields and record cargo revenues.                  States government’s COVID-19 restrictions, which for a large
                                                                         portion of the year only allowed residents and nationals to enter
                                                                         the country. These restrictions were only lifted for EU and UK
                                                                         citizens on November 8, 2021. Prior to the entry requirements
                                                                         being relaxed, flights were operated primarily for cargo purposes.
                                                                         British Airways and Aer Lingus operated regular flights to New
                                                                         York, Boston, Washington and Chicago. Iberia operated flights to
                                                                         Miami and New York and LEVEL resumed operations to San
                                                                         Francisco and New York. Passenger load factor for the region was
                                                                         down 34.7 points versus 2019 to 49.4 per cent, reflecting the US
                                                                         government’s strict border restrictions.



36       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Latin America and Caribbean (LACAR)                                      The Group has been successful in raising financing since the
IAG’s capacity in LACAR was still down significantly on 2019, but        outbreak of COVID-19, having financed all aircraft deliveries in
increased 33.7 per cent on 2020, as routes re-opened and                 2020 and 2021 and secured an additional €5.5 billion of non-
benefitted from significant visiting friends and relatives (VFR) and     aircraft related debt, in addition to a fully subscribed equity raise
leisure demand. British Airways operated regular flights to              of €2.7 billion in 2020. The Group has negotiated and executed
Caribbean destinations, benefitting from leisure travel demand           €2.8 billion of committed general facilities during 2021; these
during holiday periods. Routes to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires             facilities were undrawn as at February 24, 2022 and would be
only resumed in December. Iberia benefitted from significant VFR         available over the going concern period. However, the Directors
travel during 2021 and load factors reached over 80 per cent from        cannot provide certainty that the Group will be able to secure
September onwards. Aer Lingus launched operations from                   additional funding, if required, in the event that a more severe
Manchester in October 2021, with flights to Barbados starting in         downside scenario than those they have considered were to
October. Passenger load factor for the region was down 16.6              occur and accordingly this represents a material uncertainty that
points on 2019 at 69.8 per cent.                                         could cast doubts upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                                                                         concern. Refer to note 2 of the consolidated financial statements
Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA)
                                                                         for further information.
British Airways operated to multiple destinations including Dubai,
India, South Africa and Pakistan. Capacity and demand were               Summary
impacted by the emergence of new COVID-19 variants, including            The COVID-19 pandemic continued to have a significant impact
the Delta variant, which resulted in additional travel restrictions on   on the Group’s results, although there were meaningful signs of
certain destinations. Iberia operated regularly to Dakar and             recovery in the second half of the year, as travel restrictions were
restarted operations to Israel and Morocco when travel                   eased and the US lifted its severe restrictions (imposed in March
restrictions were eased. Vueling also re-opened routes as                2020). Passenger capacity and passenger revenue were 7.7 per
restrictions eased, restarting routes to Morocco and Tunisia whilst      cent and 5.9 per cent higher than 2020 respectively, with cargo
continuing regular operations to Senegal and Algeria. Passenger          revenue 28.1 per cent higher. Passenger capacity rose from 19.6
load factor for the region was down 15.6 points versus 2019 at           per cent of 2019 in first quarter of 2021 to 58.3 per cent in the final
67.4 per cent.                                                           quarter of the year. The Group continued to take action to
                                                                         mitigate the impact of COVID-19 by reducing costs and benefitted
Asia Pacific
                                                                         from the full-year impact of restructuring programmes
The Asia Pacific region was the most capacity-constrained region         implemented in the second half of 2020.
in 2021, as strict travel restrictions in the region continued to
severely impact demand. British Airways operated routes to Hong          The net result was an operating loss for the year of €2,765 million,
Kong, Singapore and Tokyo regularly, mainly for cargo purposes.          versus an operating loss of €7,451 million in 2020. The loss after
Iberia operated charter flights to China and Tokyo. Passenger load       tax for the year was €2,933 million, versus a loss of €6,935 million
factor for the region was the lowest for the Group, down 46.4            in 2020.
points versus 2019 at 39.4 per cent.                                     Loss for the year
Basis of Preparation                                                     Statutory results                                                Higher/
                                                                         € million                            2021       20201         (lower) vly
Based on the extensive modelling the Group has undertaken in
                                                                         Operating loss                     (2,765)      (7,451)           4,686
light of the COVID-19 pandemic, including considering plausible
but severe downside scenarios, the Directors have a reasonable           Loss before tax                    (3,507)     (7,827)            4,320
expectation that the Group has sufficient liquidity for the going        Loss after tax                     (2,933)     (6,935)            4,002
concern assessment period to June 30, 2023 and accordingly the           1 2020 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment of
Directors have adopted the going concern basis in preparing the            administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension
consolidated financial statements.                                         schemes. See note 2 to the financial statements for further information.

There are a number of significant factors related to the status and      The Group uses Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) to
impact of COVID-19 worldwide that are outside of the control of          analyse the underlying results of the business excluding
the Group. These include the emergence of new variants of the            exceptional items, which are those that in management’s view
virus and potential resurgence of existing strains of the virus; the     need to be separately disclosed by virtue of their size or incidence
speed at which vaccines are deployed worldwide; the efficacy of          in understanding the entity’s financial performance. In 2020, the
those vaccines; the availability of medicines to combat the impact       Group recorded a number of exceptional items arising as a direct
of the virus and the restrictions imposed by national governments        result of COVID-19. During the course of 2021, the Group
in respect of the freedom of movement and travel. Due to the             continued to record the fair value movements on derivatives
uncertainty that these factors create, the Directors are not able to     de-designated from hedge accounting in 2020 as exceptional. In
provide certainty that there could not be more severe downside           addition, new exceptional items arose in 2021, including the
scenarios than those that have been considered in the modelling,         reversal of the impairment of certain aircraft stood back up in
including the sensitivities the Group has considered in relation to      2021, following the Vueling successful slot allocation at Paris Orly,
factors such as the impact on yield, capacity operated, cost             together with adjustments to previously recorded restructuring
mitigations achieved and the availability of aircraft financing to       provisions.
offset capital expenditure. In the event that such a scenario were       A summary of the exceptional items relating to 2020 and 2021 is
to occur, the Group may need to secure sufficient additional             given below, with more detail in the Alternative Performance
funding over and above that which is contractually committed as          Measures section, including a breakdown of the exceptional items
at February 24, 2022.                                                    by operating company.


                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021              37
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




Summary of exceptional items                                             Alternative
                                                Credit/(charge) to the   Performance Measures
                                                  Income statement       (before exceptional items),                                      Higher/
                                                       € million         € million                                   2021        20201 (lower) vly
Income
statement line   Exceptional item description        2021       2020     Operating loss                           (2,970)      (4,390)       1,420
Passenger        Discontinuation of hedge               5         (62)   Loss before tax                          (3,637)      (4,766)        1,129
revenue          accounting for foreign                                  Loss after tax                           (3,038)      (4,337)       1,299
                 currency derivatives for
                                                                         1 2020 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment of
                 revenue                                                   administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension
Employee         Restructuring costs                   18        (313)     schemes. See note 2 to the financial statements for further information.
costs                                                                    Revenue
Fuel, oil and    Discontinuation of hedge             154      (1,694)   Statutory results                                   Higher/     Higher/
emissions        accounting for fuel and                                 € million                                   2021 (lower) vly (lower) vly
costs            associated foreign                                      Passenger revenue1                        5,835          323         5.9%
                 exchange derivatives                                    Cargo revenue                              1,673         367        28.1%
Engineering      Inventory write-down and               7        (108)   Other revenue                               947           (41)      (4.1)%
and other        charge in relation to
                                                                         Total revenue                             8,455          649         8.3%
aircraft costs   contractual lease
                 provisions                                              1 Includes an exceptional credit of €5 million (2020: exceptional charge of
                                                                           €62 million related to discontinued hedge accounting of revenue foreign
Property, IT     Legal costs associated with            –          (6)     currency derivatives). Further information is given in the Alternative
and other        employee restructuring                                    Performance Measures section.
costs            programmes
                                                                         Passenger revenue
Property, IT     Settlement provision in                –         (22)   Passenger revenue increased by 5.9 per cent on 2020, driven by
and other        relation to the theft of                                an increase in the second half of the year, in which 80 per cent of
costs            customer data at British                                passenger revenue was generated, as travel restrictions reduced
                 Airways in 2018                                         and passenger capacity increased. Passenger unit revenue,
Depreciation,    Impairment of fleet and               21        (856)   measured as passenger revenue before exceptional items per
amortisation     associated assets                                       available seat kilometre (PRASK), was down 2.9 per cent versus
and                                                                      2020 (in which the main impact of COVID-19 was only seen from
impairment                                                               March). PRASK rose significantly in the second half of 2021, with
Non-             Payment to Globalia                  (75)           –   an increase in the passenger load factor. Passenger revenue for
operating        related to termination of                               the year was 74.1 per cent lower than in 2019, with PRASK down
costs            Air Europa acquisition                                  28.1 per cent versus 2019.
Tax              Tax on exceptional items            (25)        463     Cargo revenue
                                                                         2021 was a record year for cargo revenue, for the second
In 2020 all items were associated with the impact of COVID-19,
                                                                         consecutive year, as additional flights were operated in the
except the settlement provision in relation to the theft of
                                                                         absence of passenger capacity and available aircraft were used
customer data at British Airways in 2018.
                                                                         for additional cargo-only flying. During the year 3,788 additional
In 2021 all the exceptional items, apart from the termination            cargo-driven flights were operated. The overall impact of the
payment to Globalia, relate to adjustments made to the COVID-19          cargo operation, including the additional cargo-driven flights, was
related exceptional charges in 2020, reflecting movements in fuel        an increase in Cargo revenue of €367 million, or 28.1 per cent
prices and foreign exchange rates, changes to fleet plans and            higher versus 2020. Cargo revenue for the year was 49.8 per cent
adjustments to provisions. See the Alternative Performance               higher than in 2019.
Measures section for further information.
                                                                         Other revenue
Excluding the impact of the exceptional items shown above, the           The largest Other revenue streams for the Group in normal times
operating loss for 2021 was €2,970 million, €1,420 million lower         are Iberia’s Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) and
than 2020, reflecting the recovery in capacity, particularly in the      Handling businesses, together with BA Holidays. Revenue from
second half of 2021, when travel restrictions were eased, notably        these activities was also significantly reduced by the continued
for travel to the US from November 8, 2021. The loss after tax and       impact of COVID-19. In the case of MRO and Handling, these
before exceptional items was €3,038 million, €1,299 million lower        revenues were affected by lower demand following reduced flight
than 2020.                                                               schedules and significant fleet reductions across the airline
                                                                         industry and hence lower maintenance requirements, although
                                                                         the reductions were less than the reduction in the level of
                                                                         passenger capacity. The BA Holidays business is closely linked to
                                                                         the passenger business and was therefore impacted by the
                                                                         significantly reduced passenger operation, although there was an
                                                                         increase in the second half of the year as operations increased.
                                                                         Overall, for the year, Other revenue was down €41 million, or 4.1
                                                                         per cent, versus 2020 and was 50.7 per cent lower than in 2019.


38     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Operating costs                                                                Commodity prices
Due to the continued impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s flying                  Commodity fuel prices rose steadily over the course of 2021,
programme, with significantly reduced revenues versus 2019, the                having seen a dramatic fall in March 2020 as COVID-19 spread
Group continued to take action to offset the financial impact by               worldwide and a partial recovery by December 2020. Prices at
reducing costs, together with measures to increase the variability             the end of 2021 were 60 per cent higher than at the start of the
and flexibility in its cost base. The Group benefitted from the                year.
full-year impact of restructuring and other cost-saving
                                                                               Jet fuel price trend ($/mt)
programmes implemented during 2020.
Total expenditure on operations fell from €15,257 million in 2020
                                                                               800
to €11,220 million in 2021. Excluding the impact of exceptional
                                                                               700
items, Total expenditure on operations fell by €838 million, or 6.8
per cent versus 2020, despite a 7.7 per cent rise in passenger                 600

capacity.                                                                      500
                                                                               400
Employee costs
                                                                               300
Statutory results                                   Higher/     Higher/
€ million                                   2021 (lower) vly (lower) vly       200
                                                                               100
Employee costs1 2                          3,013         (572)    (16.0)%
1 Includes an exceptional credit of €18 million related to the release of       Jan-17   Apr-17   Jul-17   Oct-17   Jan-18   Apr-18   Jul-18   Oct-18   Jan-19   Apr-19   Jul-19   Oct-19   Jan-20   Apr-20   Jul-20   Oct-20   Jan-21   Apr-21   Jul-21   Oct-21   Dec-21
  restructuring provisions (2020: exceptional charge of €313 million related
  to the restructuring programmes in British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia
  and LEVEL, undertaken to resize the Group as a consequence of                Fuel hedging
  COVID-19.) Further information is given in the Alternative Performance       The Group seeks to reduce the impact of volatile commodity
  Measures section.
2 2020 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment of             prices by hedging prices in advance. In May 2021, the Board
  administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension     approved a revised fuel hedging policy, which is designed to
  schemes. See note 2 to the consolidated statements for further               provide flexibility to respond to both significant unexpected
  information.                                                                 reductions in travel demand or capacity and/or material or
Employee costs fell by €572 million versus 2020. In 2020 the                   sudden changes in jet fuel prices. The revised policy allows for
Group recorded a €313 million exceptional charge relating to                   differentiation within the Group, to match the nature of each
Group-wide restructuring programmes, which resulted in                         operating company, and a greater use of call options. The revised
reductions at British Airways of approximately 10,000 employees                policy operates on a two-year rolling basis, with hedging up to 60
(or one quarter of the workforce as at June 2020) and 500 at                   per cent of anticipated requirements in the first twelve months
Aer Lingus (or approximately 10 per cent of the workforce at June              and up to 30 per cent in the following twelve months and with
2020). Excluding the impact of exceptional credits in 2021 and                 flexibility for low-cost airlines within the Group to adopt hedging
exceptional charges in 2020, Employee costs reduced                            up to 75 per cent in the first twelve months. For all Group airlines,
€241 million, or 7.4 per cent, versus 2020, despite the 7.7 per cent           hedging between 25 and 36 months ahead will only be
increase in passenger capacity.                                                undertaken in exceptional circumstances.
National governments continued to provide wage or job support                  Exceptional items
mechanisms in each of IAG’s main home markets and the                          In 2020, due to the rapid fall in the commodity fuel price, the
operating companies used these facilities to reduce employee                   Group experienced losses on its fuel hedging derivatives. These
numbers and costs, although the UK’s support ended in                          hedging losses would have normally been offset against the
September 2021. The direct impact of these mechanisms was to                   reduced cost of physical fuel purchased. However, the impact of
reduce employee costs by approximately €555 million.                           COVID-19 led to a significant reduction in the requirement to
Fuel, oil and emissions costs                                                  purchase jet fuel, due to the significantly reduced flying
Statutory results                                   Higher/     Higher/
                                                                               programme. As a consequence, the Group had derivative
€ million                                   2021 (lower) vly (lower) vly       contracts for which there was no corresponding purchase of jet
Fuel, oil costs and emissions                                                  fuel, leading to discontinuance of hedge accounting for these
charges1                                    1,781      (1,954)     (52.3)%     derivatives, with a mark-to-market loss of €1,781 million
                                                                               recognised as an exceptional charge in the Income statement.
1 Includes an exceptional credit of €154 million (2020: exceptional charge     There was also a related mark-to-market gain recognised in the
  of €1,694 million) related to the discontinuation of hedge accounting for    Income statement related to foreign exchange hedging of
  fuel derivatives and fuel foreign currency derivatives as a result of the
  impact of COVID-19. Further information is given in the Alternative          €87 million, bringing the net exceptional charge to €1,694 million
  Performance Measures section.                                                for the year. These values were calculated based on the fuel curve
                                                                               and foreign exchange rates as at December 31, 2020 and the
Fuel, oil and emissions charges were down €1,954 million, or 52.3
                                                                               anticipated capacity to be operated for 2021 and 2022. During
per cent versus 2020; excluding the exceptional net overhedging
                                                                               2021, there was limited further de-designation necessary, as
credit in 2021 and overhedging charge in 2020, Fuel, oil and
                                                                               capacity operated was broadly consistent with the volume of fuel
emissions charges were down €106 million, or 5.2 per cent versus
                                                                               hedged. However, due to the increase in the commodity fuel
2020 and down €4,086 million or 67.9 per cent on 2019.
                                                                               price, the losses on the remaining contracts were lower than
                                                                               anticipated and the Group recognised an exceptional credit of
                                                                               €154 million.


                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                                                                       39
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




Fuel consumption                                                                Ownership costs
The Group continued to benefit from reduced fuel consumption                    Ownership costs include depreciation, amortisation and
associated with the investment in new fleet, together with the                  impairment of tangible and intangible assets, including right of
early retirement of older aircraft, including the full-year impact of           use assets.
the retirement of 15 Airbus A340-600 and 32 Boeing 747-400                      Statutory results                                     Higher/     Higher/
aircraft in quarter 2 of 2020.                                                  € million                                     2021 (lower) vly (lower) vly
Supplier costs                                                                  Ownership costs1                             1,932       (1,023)     (34.6)%
Statutory results                                    Higher/     Higher/
                                                                                1 Includes an exceptional credit of €21 million related to the partial reversal
€ million                                    2021 (lower) vly (lower) vly
                                                                                  of an impairment of fleet assets and other assets in 2020. (2020:
Handling, catering and other                                                      exceptional charge of €856 million related to the impairment of fleet
operating costs                             1,308          (32)      (2.4)%       assets and other assets.) Further information is given in the Alternative
                                                                                  Performance Measures section.
Landing fees and en-route
charges                                      923             5        0.5%      The reduction in ownership costs is mainly driven by the
Engineering and other aircraft                                                  exceptional impairment charge made as a result of the fleet
costs1                                      1,085         (371)     (25.5)%     reductions brought about as a result of COVID-19 during 2020,
                                                                                when 82 aircraft were retired early, which led to an impairment
Property, IT and other costs2                 758          (24)       (3.1)%
                                                                                charge of €856 million. For aircraft that were stood down
Selling costs                                434            29        7.2%      temporarily as a result of COVID-19, depreciation costs continued
Currency differences                          (14)         (95)         nm      to be charged. During 2021, Vueling was the successful bidder in a
1 Includes an exceptional credit of €7 million (2020: exceptional charge of     competition for additional take-off and landing slots at Paris Orly
  €108 million) related to an inventory write-down and a charge relating to     airport, which led to the requirement to return to service four
  contractual lease provisions, with a related credit in 2021 due to adjusted   Airbus A320 aircraft that were previously assumed surplus to
  fleet plans. Further information is given in the Alternative Performance      requirements. The return of these four aircraft led to a €14 million
  Measures section.
2 For 2020 includes a settlement provision in relation to the theft of          reversal of the exceptional impairment charge recorded in 2020.
  customer data at British Airways in 2018 of €22 million and an                There was also a €7 million reversal of an exceptional engine
  exceptional charge of €6 million related to legal costs of the Group-wide     impairment charge recorded in 2020. Excluding the exceptional
  restructuring programme undertaken in the year. Further information is        credit in 2021 and exceptional charge in 2020, Ownership costs
  given in the Alternative Performance Measures section.
                                                                                were down €146 million, or 7.0 per cent.
Handling, catering and other operating costs were down
                                                                                Aircraft fleet
€32 million on 2020, or 2.4 per cent, despite the higher volume of
flying in 2021, as the Group continued to focus on reducing its                 In 2021, the in-service fleet reduced by two aircraft, with 11 aircraft
cost-base and benefitted from the full-year impact of savings                   delivered and 13 aircraft removed from service for disposal or
made in 2020 and ground handing contract negotiations in 2021.                  lease return.

Landing fees and en-route charges were up €5 million on 2020, or                Number of fleet
0.5 per cent, reflecting the impact of increased flying.                                                                                           Higher/
                                                                                Number of fleet in-service                    2021         2020 (lower) vly
Engineering and other aircraft costs reduced primarily due to the               Shorthaul                                      363          367         (1.1)%
reduction in fleet since quarter 2, 2020 and the exceptional
                                                                                Longhaul                                       168          166           1.2%
charges in 2020. Savings were negotiated for various
maintenance contracts, including a new joint venture in Barcelona.                                                             531          533        (0.4)%
Excluding the exceptional credit in 2021 and exceptional charge in
                                                                                Of the 531 “in-service” fleet at the end of the year, 55 were
2020, Engineering and other aircraft costs were lower than 2020
                                                                                temporarily grounded. In addition to the in-service fleet, there
by €256 million, or 19.0 per cent.
                                                                                were a further 29 aircraft held by the Group pending disposal or
Property, IT and other costs were down €24 million, or 3.1 per                  lease return.
cent, on 2020, which included exceptional charges for a
                                                                                Exchange rate impact
settlement provision in relation to the theft of customer data at
                                                                                Exchange rate impacts are calculated by retranslating current
British Airways in 2018 and for legal costs relating to restructuring
                                                                                year results at prior year exchange rates. The reported revenues
programmes undertaken in 2020. Excluding these exceptional
                                                                                and expenditures are impacted by the translation of currencies
charges in 2020, Property, IT and other costs were up €4 million
                                                                                other than euro to the Group’s reporting currency of euro,
or 0.5 per cent versus 2020.
                                                                                primarily British Airways and IAG Loyalty. From a transaction
Selling costs increased by €29 million or 7.2 per cent versus 2020,             perspective, the Group performance is impacted by the
reflecting increased booking activity for future travel, particularly           fluctuation of exchange rates, primarily exposure to the pound
in the second half of the year as travel restrictions eased. Cost               sterling, euro and US dollar. The Group typically generates a
increases were contained by negotiated savings for third party                  surplus in most currencies in which it does business, except the
selling systems and commissions.                                                US dollar, for which capital expenditure, debt repayments and fuel
Overall, Supplier costs (excluding fuel costs) were €488 million or             purchases typically create a deficit which is managed and partially
9.8 per cent, lower than 2020. Excluding exceptional charges and                hedged. The Group hedges its economic exposure from
credits, Supplier costs (excluding fuel costs) were €4,626 million,             transacting in foreign currencies but does not hedge the
or 50.7 per cent, lower than in 2019.                                           translation impact of reporting in euro.




40     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Overall, in 2021 the Group operating loss before exceptional items            Total net non-operating costs
was reduced by €98 million due to favourable exchange rate                    Total net non-operating costs for the year were €742 million,
impacts.                                                                      versus €376 million in 2020. The main driver of the increase was
Exchange impact before exceptional items                                      the net currency retranslation charge of €82 million compared
                                               2021                           with a €245 million credit in 2020. Finance costs were up
                                                                 Total
                                                                              €160 million (23.9 per cent), related to interest on new debt and
€ million                     Translation    Transaction     exchange         arrangement costs, including the IAG unsecured and convertible
Favourable/(adverse)              impact         impact        impact         bonds issued in 2021. Non-operating costs also include a
Total exchange impact on                                                      €89 million non-cash credit relating to movements in the fair
revenue                             220            (163)             57       value of the €825 million IAG convertible bond issued in the year.
Total exchange impact on                                                      The Group incurred an exceptional non-operating charge of
operating expenditures              (251)           292              41       €75 million in December 2021, relating to a settlement agreement
Total exchange impact on                                                      reached with Globalia to terminate the agreements signed on
operating loss                       (31)             129            98       November 4, 2019 and January 20, 2021 under which Iberia had
                                                                              agreed to acquire the issued share capital of Air Europa.
                                               2020
                                                                              Tax
                                                                  Total
€ million                     Translation    Transaction      exchange        The tax credit on the loss for the year was €574 million
Favourable/(adverse)              impact         impact         impact        (2020: €892 million), and the effective tax rate was 16 per cent
Total exchange impact on                                                      (2020: 11 per cent). The substantial majority of the Group’s
revenue                               84               33            117      activities are taxed where the main operations are based, in the
Total exchange impact on                                                      UK, Spain and Ireland, with corporation tax rates during 2021 of 19
operating expenditures                (31)            (91)         (122)      per cent, 25 per cent and 12.5 per cent respectively, which result in
                                                                              an expected effective tax rate of 20 per cent. The difference
Total exchange impact on
                                                                              between the actual effective tax rate of 16 per cent and the
operating profit                      53              (58)           (5)
                                                                              expected effective tax rate of 20 per cent is primarily due to
The exchange rates for the Group were as follows:                             certain current and prior period losses in Iberia and Vueling not
                                                                              being recognised and the effect of the rate change in the UK.
                                                                Higher/
                                    2021           2020      (lower) vly      On March 3, 2021 the UK Chancellor announced that legislation
Translation – Balance                                                         would be introduced in the Finance Bill 2021 to set the main rate
sheet                                                                         of corporation tax at 25 per cent from April 2023. On May 24,
                                                                              2021 the increase in the rate of corporation tax in the UK was
£ to €                               1.18             1.10         7.3%
                                                                              substantially enacted, which led to the remeasurement of
Translation – Profit & Loss                                                   deferred tax balances during the year and will increase the
(weighted average)                                                            Group's future current tax charge accordingly.
£ to €                               1.15             1.13         1.8%       On October 8, 2021 the Irish government announced that it would
Transaction (weighted                                                         increase the rate of corporation tax for certain multinational
average)                                                                      businesses to 15 per cent with effect from 2023. This expected tax
£ to €                               1.15             1.13         1.8%       rate change has not been reflected in these results because it has
                                                                              not yet been substantively enacted.
€ to $                              1.20              1.13        6.2%
£ to $                               1.38             1.27        8.7%




                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       41
  Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




Operating profit and loss performance of operating companies


                                      British Airways                           Aer Lingus                             Iberia                            Vueling
                                               £ million ​                       € million ​                        € million ​                         € million
​Post-exceptional                   Higher/     Higher/                  Higher/     Higher/            Higher/      Higher/                 Higher/     Higher/
 items1                  2021       (lower)     (lower)        2021      (lower)     (lower)    2021    (lower)      (lower)        2021     (lower)     (lower)
Passenger revenue        2,321        (519)       (18)%         307          (72)      (19)%    1,724       564         49%          1,011       442         78%
Cargo revenue            1,097         207         23%           65          (23)     (26)%      394        154         64%             –          –           –
Other revenue             281           64         29%            4             4        nm      666       (193)       (22)%            5          –           –
Total revenue           3,699        (248)         (6)%         376          (91)     (20)%    2,784        525         23%         1,016        442         77%
Fuel, oil costs and
emissions charges         830        (1,166)     (58)%           89         (197)     (69)%       519      (197)       (27)%          198       (116)      (37)%
Employee costs           1,471       (467)       (24)%           180         (37)      (17)%     723       (75)         (9)%         200           4          2%
Supplier costs           2,188        (252)       (10)%         305          (65)      (18)%    1,412      (132)        (9)%         624          30          5%
Ownership costs2          979        (496)       (34)%          140           (17)     (11)%     350      (262)       (43)%          227        (118)      (34)%
Operating loss         (1,769)        2,133      (55)%         (338)         225      (40)%    (220)        1,191     (84)%        (233)         642       (73)%
Operating margin      (47.8)%       51.1 pts                 (90.0)%    30.4 pts               (7.9)%   54.6 pts                  (23.0)%        nm


Alternative Performance Measures3
Passenger revenue        2,316        (578)      (20)%          308          (74)      (19)%    1,724       564         49%          1,011       442         78%
Cargo revenue            1,097         207         23%           65          (23)     (26)%      394        154         64%             –          –           –
Other revenue             281           64         29%            4             4        nm      666       (193)       (22)%            5          –           –
Total revenue
before exceptional
items                   3,694        (307)         (8)%         377          (93)     (20)%    2,784        525         23%         1,016        442         77%
Fuel, oil costs and
emissions charges         939        (220)        (19)%          99          (43)     (30)%      528        156         42%          207          47        30%
Employee costs           1,482        (235)       (14)%          180         (13)      (7)%      728       (56)         (7)%         200           4          2%
Supplier costs           2,188        (210)        (9)%         305          (58)      (16)%    1,412      (80)         (5)%          631         67         12%
Ownership costs2          985          (91)        (8)%         140             7        5%      350       (20)         (5)%         240        (37)       (13)%
Operating loss
before exceptional
items                 (1,900)          449        (19)%         (347)          14      (4)%    (234)        525       (69)%         (262)        361       (58)%
Operating margin
before exceptional
items                  (51.4)%      7.3 pts                  (92.1)%    (15.3) pts             (8.4)%   25.2 pts                  (25.8)%    82.7 pts
1 2020 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group's defined benefit pension schemes.
  See note 2 to the financial statements for further information.
2 Ownership costs reflects Depreciation, amortisation and impairment.
3 Further detail is provided in the Alternative performance measures section




42      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Review by operating company                                                 the period 2020-2022, with capital expenditure over that period
The results for all operating companies continued to be impacted            expected to be below €7 billion. In February 2021 the Group
by COVID-19 in 2021, with the divergence in the relative operating          expected capital expenditure in 2021 to be €1.7 billion.
results of each of the airlines reflecting the travel restrictions          During 2021, four Airbus A350 aircraft and three Boeing 787
imposed in their markets. Aer Lingus operated the lowest                    aircraft were not delivered as anticipated and are now expected
passenger capacity relative to 2019, with ASKs at 24.4 per cent of          in 2022. As a response to the continued impact of COVID-19 and
2019, British Airways operated at 28.3 per cent, Vueling at 53.0            related travel restrictions, the Group continued to take actions to
per cent and Iberia at 55.4 per cent.                                       preserve liquidity by reducing certain project-related expenditure,
Operating (loss)/profit before exceptional items                            whilst continuing to invest in key projects, including cyber-related
                                          2021       2020         2019      investments. As a result, capital expenditure for 2021 reduced to
British Airways (£ million)1           (1,900)     (2,349)       1,890      €0.7 billion.
Aer Lingus (€ million)                   (347)        (361)       276       The Group did not enter into any new agreements to acquire
Iberia (€ million)                       (234)       (759)        497       additional aircraft in 2021, either from aircraft manufacturers or
                                                                            lessors.
Vueling (€ million)                      (262)       (623)        240
                                                                            In 2021 the Group took delivery of 11 aircraft, with six for British
1 2020 and 2019 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment
                                                                            Airways, one for Iberia and four for Aer Lingus. Of these deliveries,
  of administration costs associated with the Group's defined benefit
  pension schemes. See note 2 to the financial statements for further       five were aircraft acquired directly from manufacturers and six
  information.                                                              were leased from aircraft lessors. The liquidity impact of the
                                                                            aircraft deliveries in the year was cash-positive, as the value of
Employee costs fell versus 2020, due to the use of wage support
                                                                            financing raised exceeded the final delivery payments made to
or similar schemes in all the operating companies’ home countries,
                                                                            the aircraft manufacturers, due to pre-delivery payments for
in which the substantial portion of employees are based. Support
                                                                            those aircraft made in previous years.
applied across the year in Ireland and Spain, although reduced as
the year progressed in Spain, with the operation increasing. In the         Aircraft deliveries                                 2021       2020
UK the furlough arrangements ended in September of 2021.                    Airbus A320 family                                     8             15
Restructuring programmes were implemented in 2020, including                Airbus A330                                             1            2
at British Airways and Aer Lingus, with Iberia also making
                                                                            Airbus A350                                            –             7
reductions in management numbers and reductions outside of
Spain. The full-year impact of these 2020 restructuring                     Boeing 777-300                                         –             4
programmes was seen in 2021, as most of the affected employees              Boeing 787-10                                          –             2
had left by the end of 2020.                                                Embraer E190                                           2             4
The operating companies all operate similar hedging programmes,             Total                                                  11        34
under a Group policy, which resulted in overhedging of jet fuel
                                                                            Capital commitments
purchases and related currency transactions in 2020. Excluding
the impact of overhedging, fuel costs fell in line with the capacity        Capital expenditure authorised and contracted for at December
reductions, with an additional benefit from the efficiency of               31, 2021 amounted to €10,911 million (2020: €10,545 million). Most
new-generation aircraft versus the aircraft they replace, together          of this commitment is denominated in US dollars and includes
with a reduced effective price net of hedging.                              commitments until 2027 for 110 aircraft including 56 aircraft from
                                                                            the Airbus A320 family, 10 Boeing 787s, 18 Boeing 777s and 26
Supplier costs continued to benefit from initiatives in all the             Airbus A350s.
operating companies to reduce expenditure in light of the impact
of the pandemic, including the full-year impact of actions taken            The Group has certain rights to cancel commitments in the event
during 2020.                                                                of significant delays to aircraft deliveries caused by the aircraft
                                                                            manufacturers. No such rights had been exercised as at
Ownership costs were impacted by the reduction in the Group’s               December 31, 2021.
fleet of aircraft in 2020, leading to the impairment of aircraft and
                                                                            Aircraft future deliveries at December 31           2021       2020
related assets in each operating company, with 2021 seeing a
full-year benefit of the reduced fleet in depreciation costs.               Airbus A320 family                                    56         64
                                                                            Airbus A330                                            –              1
Operating margins are much less meaningful than in previous
years, given the significant impact of COVID-19, but are included           Airbus A350                                           26         26
for completeness; the margins reflect the size of operation each            Boeing 777-9                                          18             18
operating company was able to fulfil in 2021.                               Boeing 787-10                                         10             10
Capital expenditure                                                         Embraer E190                                           –             2
In November 2019, at its Capital Markets Day, the Group                     Total                                                110         121
announced its anticipated capital expenditure for the period
2020-2022 was €14.2 billion. In response to COVID-19, in 2020 the           Working capital and other initiatives
Group agreed to defer 68 aircraft scheduled for delivery over the           In 2020, as a response to COVID-19, the Group negotiated
period 2020-2022 and to re-schedule certain pre-delivery                    deferrals to supplier payments and lease payments, rolled over
payments to aircraft manufacturers. The result of these changes             fuel derivatives, monetised EU Emissions Trading Scheme credits
was a significant reduction in expected capital expenditure over            and foreign currency derivatives. These initiatives reduced cash



                                                                         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          43
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




outflow in 2020 by approximately €625 million, with deferrals to       British Airways deferred monthly UK pension deficit contributions
future years accounting for approximately €375 million, with the       that would otherwise have been due in quarter 4, 2020 to the
majority due in 2021. In quarter 3 of 2020 a multi-year renewal        value of €125 million, together with contributions of €390 million
was signed with American Express, including an upfront payment         relating to the first three quarters of 2021, with the resultant
of approximately €830 million (£754 million), with a significant       amounts deferred due for payment in the 12 months ending March
amount being for the pre-purchase of Avios for future years.           2024. British Airways granted security over certain property
Despite the partial unwinding of these initiatives in 2021, the        assets to the Trustee of NAPS in respect of these deferred
working capital cash inflow for 2021 was €473 million higher than      payments. British Airways has also agreed that it will not make
in 2020 at €1,634 million, principally driven by a significant         dividend payments to IAG before the end of 2023 and that from
increase in bookings for future travel in the second half of the       2024 dividends will be matched by a contribution to NAPS of 50
year and an increase in trade payables as the flying programme         per cent of the dividend paid until the deferred contributions have
increased.                                                             been paid. In October 2021, the funding level of NAPS for the
                                                                       purposes of an overfunding protection mechanism, agreed in
Deferred revenue on ticket sales, which includes loyalty points
                                                                       2019, meant that British Airways made no contributions from
(Avios), rose €1,422 million to €6,552 million at December 31, 2021;
                                                                       October to December 2021. Should the funding level fall,
€6,161 million is included in current liabilities and €391 million
                                                                       contributions will resume at an accelerated rate to recover the
within non-current liabilities, associated with the renewal of the
                                                                       contributions not made during the period the overfunding trigger
IAG Loyalty contract with American Express. The value of loyalty
                                                                       applied. The triennial valuation of the scheme, based on
points (Avios) issued and yet to be recognised in revenue was up
                                                                       conditions as at March 31, 2021, is expected to be completed in
€95 million versus 2020 at €2,820 million, reflecting the net
                                                                       2022 and will measure the latest funding position of the scheme,
impact of a partial unwind of the American Express pre-payment
                                                                       which may lead to a new schedule of deficit contributions.
in 2020 and the balance of Avios issued versus redeemed in 2021.
Sales in advance of carriage, related to passenger ticket sales,       Funding and debt
were up €1,327 million versus 2020 at €3,732 million. At constant      IAG’s long-term objectives when managing capital are to
currency, Sales in advance of carriage were at the same level as       safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, to
December 2019. The cash impact of cancelled flights continued to       maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital
be partially mitigated by customers accepting vouchers for future      and to provide sustainable returns to shareholders. In November
travel in lieu of a cash refund, with the outstanding value of         2018, S&P and Moody’s assigned IAG with a long-term
vouchers as at December 31, 2021 at approximately the same level       investment-grade credit rating with a stable outlook; these ratings
as December 2020 and representing one third of Sales in advance        remained unchanged up until the outbreak of COVID-19. The
of carriage.                                                           Group’s current ratings (as at February 24, 2022) are: S&P: BB
Trade receivables rose by €178 million, related to the significantly   (3-notch decline), Moody’s: Ba2 (2-notch decline), based on the
increased bookings for future travel versus those taken in the final   impact of COVID-19 on the Group and the airline industry,
months of 2020.                                                        together with the expected timing of the recovery of global air
                                                                       traffic.
Trade and other payables rose by €902 million, related mainly to
the significantly increased flying schedule and related costs in the   Debt and capital
final quarter of 2021, in which the Group operated 58.3 per cent of    The Group monitors leverage using net debt to EBITDA, in
2019 passenger capacity, versus only 26.6 per cent operated in         addition to closely following measures used by the credit ratings
quarter 4 of 2020.                                                     agencies, including those based on gross debt.
                                                                           See Alternative Performance
                                                                           Measures section for calculation




44    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
The Group had previously set a target of net debt to EBITDA              Cash
below 1.8 times.                                                         Cash and interest-bearing deposits
In 2021, due to the significant impact of COVID-19, EBITDA was           The cash balances at December 31, 2021 in IAG and other Group
negative, rendering the net debt to EBITDA ratio not meaningful;         companies include the impact of additional non-aircraft related
the calculation for 2021 results in net debt to EBITDA of minus 11.5     debt raised in the year and the translation of British Airways’ and
times.                                                                   IAG Loyalty’s cash balances, which are mainly held in pound
                                                                         sterling. The pound sterling ended the year 6.9 per cent stronger
Net debt
                                                                         against the euro than at the start of 2021.
                                                           Higher /
€ million                          2021         2020        (lower)                                                                   Higher/
                                                                         € million                                2021      2020      (lower)
Debt                            15,679        14,254          1,425
                                                                         British Airways                         1,986      1,389        597
Cash and cash
equivalents and                                                          Iberia                                    761        822        (61)
interest-bearing                                                         Vueling                                  441        590       (149)
deposits                         (5,917)      (6,683)         (766)      Aer Lingus                               228        266        (38)
Net debt at January 1            9,762          7,571         2,191       IAG and other Group
(Increase)/decrease                                                       companies                             4,527       2,850       1,677
in cash net of                                                            Cash and deposits                     7,943       5,917      2,026
exchange                       (2,026)           766        (2,792)
                                                                          Debt
Net cash outflow
from repayments of                                                        The Group has been able to continue to obtain efficient funding
borrowings and lease                                                      secured against aircraft deliveries. Of the 11 aircraft delivered in
liabilities                    (2,265)        (2,514)           249       2021, four for British Airways were financed using asset financing
                                                                          lease arrangements, including three financed through a new
Net cash inflow from
                                                                          sustainability-linked Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificate
new borrowings                    4,817        3,567          1,250
                                                                          (EETC) financing agreed in July 2021. As at December 31, 2021 the
Non-cash impact                                                           remaining undrawn balance of this facility was $635 million. One
from new leases                     518         1,179          (661)      Iberia aircraft delivered in 2021 and two delivered in late 2020
Increase in net debt                                                      were financed through sale and leaseback transactions. An
from financing                   3,070         2,232           838        additional six aircraft were introduced through leasing
Exchange and other                                                        arrangements direct from lessors. The Group also raised
non-cash movements                  861        (807)           1,668      additional financing against aircraft delivered in previous years
Net debt at                                                               and spare engines
December 31                      11,667        9,762          1,905       In 2021, the Group drew non-aircraft debt facilities agreed in
                                                                          2020, namely a £2.0 billion Export Development Guarantee (EDG)
Gross debt increased by €3,931 million, principally driven by             term loan for British Airways from UK Export Finance and
non-aircraft debt raised by: British Airways (£2.0 billion),              €75 million for Aer Lingus from the Ireland Strategic Investment
Aer Lingus (€75 million) and by IAG €1.2 billion of unsecured             Fund. IAG closed a dual-tranche senior unsecured bond issuance
bonds and an €825 million IAG convertible bond. British Airways           in March, raising €1.2 billion, with €500 million maturing in 2025
repaid £300 million of debt raised under the UK’s CCFF                    and €700 million maturing in 2029. In May, IAG raised
mechanism in 2020. Gross debt is subject to foreign exchange              €825 million by issuing a convertible bond, maturing in 2028.
translation movements, as the majority of the Group’s aircraft
debt is denominated in US dollars. Over the course of 2021 the            The debt actions above resulted in total ‘Proceeds from
euro weakened against the US dollar and the pound sterling and            borrowings’ for the year of €4,817 million. Repayments of
as a consequence €820 million of the increase gross debt was              borrowings during the year included the repayment of British
due to adverse foreign exchange translation. Cash increased by            Airways’ commercial paper issuance from the UK’s Coronavirus
€2,026 million, leading to net debt €1,905 million higher at              Corporate Finance Facility (CCFF), which raised £300 million
€11,667 million.                                                          (€329 million) in March 2020.




                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       45
 Strategic Report

FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED




Equity                                                                    Cash flow
No equity was raised during the year. In quarter 4, 2020, the             € million                                     2021    20201,2    Movement
Group successfully completed a capital increase, with gross               Operating loss                            (2,765)      (7,451)      4,686
proceeds of €2.7 billion.                                                 Depreciation, amortisation and
Liquidity facilities                                                      impairment                                   1,932     2,955        (1,023)
During the year, the Group signed a committed secured Revolving           Movement in working capital                  1,634       1,161        473
Credit Facility (RCF) with a syndicate of banks for $1.755 billion,       Payment related to restructuring             (161)      (383)         222
available for three years, plus two consecutive one-year extension        Pension contributions net of
periods, at the discretion of the lenders. The facility is available to   service costs                                 (15)      (288)         273
Aer Lingus, British Airways and Iberia, each of whom has a
                                                                          Provisions and other non-cash
separate borrower limit within the overall facility. Any drawings
                                                                          movements                                     305        486          (181)
under the facility would be secured against eligible unencumbered
aircraft assets and take-off and landing rights at both London            (Realised)/unrealised net loss on
Heathrow and London Gatwick airports. No drawings against this            discontinuance of fuel and foreign
facility were made in 2021 and the facility remained undrawn at           exchange hedge accounting                   (497)        569       (1,066)
February 24, 2022. Simultaneous with entering into this new RCF,          Interest paid                               (640)       (548)         (92)
British Airways cancelled its US dollar revolving credit facility that    Interest received                                3        22           (19)
was due to expire in June 2021 and which had $786 million                 Tax received                                    63        45            18
undrawn and available at December 31, 2020.
                                                                          Net cash outflows from operating
On November 1, 2021, the Group agreed and executed a                      activities                                   (141)    (3,432)        3,291
£1.0 billion committed credit facility for British Airways, partially     Acquisition of PPE and intangible
guaranteed by UK Export Finance, which was not drawn in 2021              assets                                      (744)     (1,939)        1,195
and remained undrawn at February 24, 2022.
                                                                          Sale of PPE, intangible assets and
The Group also has certain other committed and undrawn general            investments                                   544       1,133        (589)
facilities, bringing total committed and undrawn general facilities       Decrease in current interest-
at December 31, 2021 to €2,917 million.                                   bearing deposits                                91     2,366       (2,275)
The Group also holds €1,126 million of committed and undrawn              Other investing movements                     (72)          2         (74)
aircraft financing facilities, including the $635 million remaining       Net cash flows from investing
undrawn from British Airways’ 2021 sustainability-linked EETC             activities                                   (181)      1,562       (1,743)
financing and backstop financing arrangements, which can be
                                                                          Proceeds from borrowings                     4,817     3,567         1,250
used against certain future aircraft deliveries.
                                                                          Repayments of borrowings                    (784)       (978)          194
In total, the Group had €4,043 million of committed and undrawn
                                                                          Repayment of lease liabilities             (1,481)     (1,536)          55
general and aircraft facilities as at December 31, 2021.
                                                                          Dividend paid                                     –      (53)           53
The facilities values above do not include the balance of certain
                                                                          Proceeds from rights issue                        –    2,674       (2,674)
shorter-term working capital facilities available to the Group’s
operating companies.                                                      Settlement of derivative financial
                                                                          instruments                                 (268)         136        (404)
Dividends
                                                                          Acquisition of Treasury shares and
No dividends were proposed in 2021; in 2020 a proposal to pay a           other financing movements                     (49)          –         (49)
final dividend in respect of 2019, announced with the 2019
                                                                          Net cash flows from financing
financial results in February of 2020, was withdrawn in April 2020.
                                                                          activities                                  2,235      3,810        (1,575)
Liquidity and cashflow                                                    Net increase in cash and cash
Total liquidity, measured as cash and interest-bearing deposits of        equivalents                                  1,913     1,940           (27)
€7,943 million and committed and undrawn general and aircraft
                                                                          Net foreign exchange differences              205       (228)         433
facilities of €4,043 million, was €11,986 million at December 31,
2021. This represented an increase of €1,730 million versus pro           Cash and cash equivalents at
forma liquidity of €10,256 million at the end of 2020, which              January 1                                   5,774      4,062          1,712
included a £2.0 billion UK EF facility agreed in December 2020            Cash and cash equivalents at year
and drawn as debt in March 2021.                                          end                                         7,892      5,774         2,118
                                                                          Interest-bearing deposits maturing
                                                                          after more than three months                    51       143          (92)
                                                                          Cash, cash equivalents and
                                                                          interest-bearing deposits                   7,943       5,917       2,026
                                                                          1 2020 comparative figures have been restated for the treatment of
                                                                            administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension
                                                                            schemes. See note 2 to the financial statements for further information
                                                                          2 The 2020 results include a reclassification to conform with the current
                                                                            period of presentation regarding settlement of derivative financial
                                                                            instruments. See note 2 to the financial statements for further
                                                                            information.

46     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Many of the significant cashflow items are already explained          Sale of property, plant and equipment and intangibles, in addition
above, including in the sections on operating costs, non-operating    to the aircraft sale and leaseback transactions discussed under
costs, capital expenditure, working capital and other initiatives     ‘Funding’ above, includes the disposal of aircraft financed on sale
and funding.                                                          and leaseback transactions, spare engines and other disposals.
Restructuring payments principally include payments in Spain          Other investing movements includes the €75 million payment to
relating to redundancy programmes agreed prior to 2020.               Globalia, due to the settlement agreement to terminate the
                                                                      agreements under which Iberia had agreed to acquire the issued
Pension payments in 2020 included nine months of contributions
                                                                      share capital of Air Europa.
to the main British Airways pension fund, NAPS. Deferrals of
deficit contributions were agreed with the NAPS Trustee from          Repayments of borrowings and lease liabilities includes the
October 2020 to September 2021 and from October 2021 to               principal element of ongoing lease payments. Based on the share
December 2021 no deficit contributions were required, as the          price at December 31, 2021, the remaining €500 million IAG
scheme had reached pre-agreed trigger levels for an overfunding       convertible bond issued in 2015 will be due for repayment in
protection mechanism to apply; this mechanism was agreed in           November 2022.
2019. Deficit contributions could resume should the funding level
                                                                      The €53 million of cash outflow for dividends in 2020 relates to
fall, or if the ongoing triennial valuation of the scheme, based on
                                                                      the Spanish withholding tax in respect of the 2019 interim
the funding position at March 31, 2021 and updated assumptions,
                                                                      dividend. No dividends were declared in respect of either 2020 or
determines there is a deficit.
                                                                      2021.
    See note 32 to the financial statements ‘Employee benefit
    obligations’ for further information
                                                                      Settlement of derivative financial instruments relates to
                                                                      settlements of foreign exchange instruments taken out to hedge
Of the exceptional charges for discontinuance of hedge                long-term debt payments, including US dollar lease payments.
accounting in respect of passenger revenue of €62 million and         The outflow in 2021 is partly due to gains that would otherwise
fuel, oil and emissions costs of €1,694 million in 2020,              have been received in 2021 being accelerated into 2020, as part
€1,187 million had been paid, leaving €569 million to be paid in      of the initiatives to preserve liquidity after the spread of COVID-19
future years, with the majority due in 2021. As the fuel price rose   in 2020.
in 2021 the required payments were lower than when measured at
the end of 2020.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        47
 Strategic Report




We’re building a brighter
future for British Airways

                                             Our people
                                             I am incredibly grateful to everyone at
                                             British Airways for their hard work and
                                             commitment during this period, not only
                                             for their resilience in the most difficult of
                                             times, but for pulling together to go the
                                             extra mile for our customers and to
                                             develop creative solutions to the problems
                                             generated by the pandemic. It was a
                                             difficult and an uncertain year for everyone
                                             in the company and we were absolutely
Sean Doyle                                   delighted to welcome back our colleagues
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of      when the Covid Job Retention Scheme
British Airways                              (CRJS) came to an end in September. As          In July 2021, British
                                             we emerge from the crisis, and look             Airways introduced a new
                                             forward to more meaningful travel and           digital ordering platform
                                             fewer restrictions, we have started to          for customers to choose
“We’re working hard to                       recruit again, to help us rebuild our           food and drink from its
 offer our customers even                    business as we seek to grow.                    Speedbird Café to be
                                                                                             delivered to their seat in
 more of the choice, value                   I also want to thank the 1,500 colleagues
                                                                                             the British Airways
                                             who gave up their time while on furlough
 and unique British                          to volunteer and support organisations
                                                                                             lounges
                                             across the UK, including COVID-19
 Airways service we know                     vaccination and test centres, foodbanks
 they love.”                                 and charities such as the British Red Cross
                                             and St John’s Ambulance.
                                             Our customers
Business overview
                                             In many ways the pandemic has helped us
The COVID-19 pandemic has remained
                                             to drive radical changes in our customer
the most challenging period of our
                                             experience. These include working with
102-year history, prohibiting meaningful
travel for almost two years. The
dedication and resilience shown by our
colleagues across the airline has helped
us to get through this crisis, introducing
new safety measures, constantly
reviewing our schedules to respond to
the frequent changes in restrictions and
working dynamically to increase flights to
countries when restrictions eased. We
continued to offer flexibility to our
customers with the guarantee that if their
plans were affected by the pandemic,
they could move their flight to an
alternative date and/or destination or
accept a voucher for future travel.
                                             The airline
Despite the financial impact the
                                             is recruiting
pandemic has had on our business we
                                             thousands of
have continued to invest, in new aircraft,
                                             new colleagues
cabins and food and drink to delight our
                                             to support its
customers. We have also put
                                             summer schedule
sustainability at the heart of everything
we do and invested heavily in our new
sustainability programme, BA Better
World.




48   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
-51.4%
                                                other customers, and introducing a            listened to our customers feedback and
                                                dedicated section of ba.com to provide        have maintained the mobile table
                                                information about travel restrictions,        ordering service to ensure a premium
                                                discounted testing partners as well as a      experience. By the end of the year, 34
Operating margin                                new interactive map to help them check        aircraft were fitted with our new Club
+7.3 pts vs 2020
                                                the entry requirements for the destination    Suite business cabin seat and WiFi



-71.7%
                                                they’re travelling to.                        installed on more than 80 per cent of our
                                                                                              fleet. All our Heathrow-based Boeing 777
                                                In the face of constantly changing travel
                                                                                              aircraft will feature our Club Suite by the
                                                restrictions, alongside lockdowns affecting
                                                                                              end of this year. During the pandemic we
ASK change                                      our global engagement centres, we know
                                                                                              also formed a new partnership with
vs 2019                                         that some of our customers had difficulty
                                                                                              highly acclaimed chef Tom Kerridge, with
                                                in contacting us via phone and faced


276
                                                                                              a new menu for our Euro Traveller
                                                lengthy waits in queues. This is not the
                                                                                              customers travelling on shorthaul flights.
                                                level of service they should expect, and as
                                                we rebuild our business, we are investing     Our planet
Fleet in service                                in new technology to address this and         In September 2021 we launched our new
-1 vs 2020                                      improve the experience we offer our           sustainability programme BA Better
                                                customers.                                    World, acknowledging that this is ‘our
VeriFLY to allow health documents to be         Offering a premium proposition for our        most important journey yet’ and putting
digitally, rather than manually, checked at     customers is at the heart of our strategy     sustainability at our heart. We are
the airport enabling passengers to check in     and we want every customer journey to be      working hard to reduce our emissions
online and reducing queue times,                enjoyable and more seamless. Our IT           and waste and positively contribute to
introducing an app for customers to order       teams are working on a new baggage            the communities we serve to create a
food and drink to their table in our lounges,   tracing system which will allow customers     great place for our people to work and
allowing them to socially distance from         to track their bags. In our lounges we have   build a resilient, responsible business.
                                                                                              During the year we invested in ZeroAvia
                                                                  In September                to further develop hydrogen-powered
                                                                  2021, British               aircraft, as well as in the development of
                                                                  Airways                     Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), with a
                                                                  launched its new            new deal with LanzaJet in the US as well
                                                                  BA Better World             as investment in four UK-based projects,
                                                                  sustainability              which also received funding from the
                                                                  programme                   Government during the past year. We are
                                                                                              committed to achieving net zero carbon
                                                                                              emissions by 2050, and worked with bp
                                                                                              to provide enough sustainable aviation
                                                                                              fuel for our flights between London and
                                                                                              Glasgow and Edinburgh during COP26,
                                                                                              as well as for our first transatlantic flight
                                                                                              to New York once restrictions were lifted
                                                                                              on November 8, 2021; operating an
                                                                                              Airbus A350 aircraft using a 35 per cent
                                                                                              blend of SAF reduced emissions by more
                                                                                              than 50 per cent compared to the
                                                                                              now-retired Boeing 747 aircraft that used
                                                                                              to operate that route. We’ve also
                                                                                              championed the use of sustainability
                                                                                              financing, with three credit facilities
                                                                                              linked to sustainability targets.
                                                                                              Looking forward
                                                                                              During the most challenging period in our
                                                                                              history I have been hugely impressed by
                                                                                              the resilience and professionalism of our
                                                                                              colleagues, who are determined to help
                                                                                              us rebuild into an even better airline than
                                                                                              before. We are creating a new subsidiary
                                                                                              at Gatwick to offer more choice to our
                                                                                              customers as well as reviewing our
                                                                                              policies and procedures to ensure we
              British Airways                                                                 empower colleagues to do the right thing
              announced that                                                                  for those who fly with us. And we’re
              all of its Boeing                                                               working on new initiatives to make British
              777 fleet would                                                                 Airways an even more attractive place to
              feature its new                                                                 work — something we know will drive
              Club Suite from                                                                 even better customer service.
              the end of 2022




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        49
 Strategic Report




Flexibility and drive
to gain momentum

                                            implementation of the emergency furlough
                                            scheme approved by the Spanish
                                            Government allowed us to protect more
                                            than 15,000 jobs from our workforce.
                                            During the summer we also collaborated
                                            with the Spanish vaccination programme,
                                            by setting up a centre where more than
                                            25,000 people received their jabs,
                                            including our employees and members of
                                            the community in Madrid.

Javier Sánchez-Prieto                       Our customers
Chairman and Chief Executive                At Iberia, as with all IAG’s airlines, our
Officer of Iberia                           customers are and will always be at the        Iberia’s maintenance team
                                            centre of our business. To ensure their        has provided preservation
                                            utmost comfort, we updated our safety,         services to more than 150
                                            prevention and hygiene measures, to            IAG aircraft and third-
“2021 has once again                        ensure we could recommence travel with         party customers in
 tested our ability to adapt                confidence. These measures earned us a
                                            four-star Skytrax rating and ranked us
                                                                                           Madrid, Palma, Malaga
                                                                                           and Seville
 to a very challenging                      among the ten safest airlines in terms of
                                            protecting against COVID-19 in the world,
 environment.”                              according to the Safe Travel Barometer.
                                            COVID-19 accelerated the digitalisation of
Business overview                           our business, which was already underway
We have seized opportunities to add         prior to the pandemic. Our goal is to
more capacity than our competitors          improve the customer experience through
while strengthening our position on         innovation, and we have been working on
routes to Latin America. We are now         a range of new solutions, such as the Iberia
operating almost 100 per cent of our        chatbot on WhatsApp, and digitising the
pre-pandemic network although our           documentation required to fly.
capacity is still below 2019
Our handling and maintenance divisions
have done a great job and both
businesses have generated positive
results in 2021.
It was very disappointing in December
that we had to terminate an agreement
reached previously with Globalia to
acquire Air Europa. However, we have        Three Airbus A330
committed to analyse alternative            aircraft will pass
arrangements.                               from Iberia to the
Our people                                  Ministry of Defence
                                            to be transformed
I am incredibly proud of the commitment
                                            into Multi-Role
our employees have shown during the
                                            Tanker Transport
last year, which has helped us weather
                                            (MRTT). Iberia has
this pandemic and stimulate demand in
                                            trained the army
all the markets in which we operate. Our
                                            pilots who will
people have gone above and beyond to
                                            operate these
help where needed, helping repatriate
                                            aircraft and has
thousands of people and transporting
                                            provided handling
more than six million vaccines to the
                                            equipment to assist
Spanish islands and across Latin America.
                                            them
Our priority during this crisis has been
looking after our employees. The

50   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
-8.4%
                                               aircraft in the world, the Airbus A320neo,
                                               which reduces noise by 50 per cent and
                                               produces 50 per cent less NOx.
Operating margin                               Iberia also completed the construction, at
+25.2 pts vs. 2020
                                               its maintenance facilities, of the largest



-44.6%
                                               self-consumption solar panel plant of the
                                               IBEX companies. Built in partnership with       Contributing to the recovery
                                               specialist firm Getting Greener, the new
                                               facility is part of an ambitious plan to
ASK change                                     generate a total 10MW of power over the
vs 2019                                                                                        Iberia Express has once again
                                               next three years, with production of more



87
                                               than 13 million kWh, generating the             demonstrated its flexibility and
                                               equivalent power consumed by more than          efficiency.
                                               4,000 homes.                                    Iberia Express has set ambitious
                                               Looking forward                                 targets to reduce its environmental
Fleet in service
-2 vs 2020                                     We expect Iberia's recovery to be               footprint. In March 2021 the fourth
                                               consolidated in 2022. We will focus on          Airbus A321neo aircraft was added
                                               returning the airline to profitability while    to its fleet. This is the most efficient
Our planet                                     continue working to make significant            short- and medium-haul Airbus
In November, Iberia and Repsol operated        progress on the decarbonisation of              model and represented a further
the first flight in Spain using sustainable    aviation. Our teams will take every             step in its fleet renewal as part of its
aviation fuel made from waste which            opportunity to strengthen Iberia´s position     roadmap towards zero net emissions
reduced emissions by 1.4 tonnes of CO2         in all the markets we operate, offering its     by 2050.
emissions than a flight operated with fossil   customers a more personalised service           Together with Iberia and IAG Cargo,
fuel. We flew one of the most efficient        using innovation.                               Iberia Express contributed to the
                                                                                               transport of vaccines to the Canary
                                                                  Repsol and Iberia have
                                                                                               Islands and the Balearic Islands
                                                                  completed the Madrid
                                                                                               throughout the year. Additionally, it
                                                                  −Bilbao route with
                                                                                               carried humanitarian aid to support
                                                                  sustainable fuel
                                                                                               the crisis caused by the eruption of
                                                                  produced from waste
                                                                                               the volcano on La Palma, an example
                                                                  at the Petronor refinery.
                                                                                               of the company's commitment to the
                                                                  The flight was operated
                                                                                               islands.
                                                                  with the Airbus
                                                                  A320neo, one of the          Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic,
                                                                  airline's most efficient     Iberia Express has always
                                                                  aircraft                     guaranteed connectivity with the
                                                                                               Canary Islands. Last summer the
                                                                                               number of seats offered to the
                                                                                               Canary Islands and Balearic Islands
                                                                                               was higher than in the same period
                                                                                               of 2019. In summer 2021, the airline
                                                                                               launched the new seasonal route to
                                                                                               Kefalonia, landing for the first time
                                                                                               on the Ionian island in July and
                                                                                               expanding its network of more than
                                                                                               30 domestic and international
                                                                                               destinations.
                                                                                               Iberia Express ranked among the
                                                                                               most punctual airlines in Europe
                                                                                               Iberia’s Express team is the airline’s
                                                                                               greatest asset. Despite the complex
                                                                                               environment, they did their best to
                                                                                               provide excellent customer service,
                                                                                               achieving the best NPS in the
                                                                                               company's history.



              Iberia and
              Getting Greener
              begin operating
              the largest
              self-
              consumption
              plant of the Ibex
              in La Muñoza




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          51
 Strategic Report




 Transforming
 to emerge stronger

                                                 initiatives aim to unlock the full potential of
                                                 our airline by generating more value for
                                                 our shareholders, our employees, our
                                                 customers and ultimately society.
                                                 For example, we transformed our
                                                 maintenance model by launching a new
                                                 joint venture company that manages
                                                 Vueling Line Maintenance; we changed the
                                                 structure of our fare families and
                                                 introduced new ancillaries such as
                                                 Guaranteed Hand Bag, giving more
 Marco Sansavini                                 flexibility to our customers to choose the        Vueling has received the
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer            services they exactly need; and we                prestigious Skytrax award
 of Vueling                                      redefined our Mission Vision and Values to        and has been designated
                                                 lead our people through this period of            as the Best European
                                                 uncertainty.                                      low-cost carrier
 “While withstanding an                          Our people
  unprecedented situation                        I’m incredibly thankful to all our people at
                                                 Vueling: the impressive resilience and
  due to the pandemic,                           commitment that they demonstrated all
                                                 through the year has been the driving
  Vueling is undertaking an                      force behind our achievements at a time
  ambitious transformation                       where many were required to make
                                                 personal sacrifices.
  plan to emerge stronger.”
                                                 In its 17 years of history, Vueling has faced
                                                 several challenges and, has always been
 Business overview.                              able to emerge stronger afterwards. Once
 For the second year in a row, around            again, this crisis demonstrated what
 4,000 Vueling employees faced the most          Vueling people are capable of and that the
 unprecedented crisis in our industry’s          ability to rise to a challenge is in our DNA.
 history.
 In terms of managing the crisis, we
 focused on four key priorities.
 First, our main objective has been to
 protect the health and well-being of our
 employees and customers. Second, we
 enhanced flexibility to enable us to
 constantly adapt our capacity to match
 demand, identifying any new
 opportunities to fly, which generated
 cash. Third, we had to rigorously adapt
 our costs as much as possible to meet
 the level of flight activity. Finally, we had
 a constant focus on cash, working capital
 and financing.                                  As a result of the
                                                 creation of a new
 However, while managing the crisis, we
                                                 joint venture
 also began preparing to emerge even
                                                 company that
 more efficient and competitive in a
                                                 manages Vueling
 post-pandemic environment by
                                                 Line Maintenance,
 implementing the 19 initiatives included in
                                                 a new warehouse
 our Plan ‘Vueling Transform’. These
                                                 has been built




52    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
-25.8%
                                   Our customers                                    Another key milestone in our progress to
                                   We are honoured that thanks to all the           offer a stronger customer proposition has
                                   efforts made by Vueling´s people we were         been to expand our offering in Orly: the
Operating margin                   rewarded by our customers with the               European Commission assessed Vueling’s
+82.7 pts vs 2020                  prestigious Skytrax award as Europe´s            proposal as the best for the 18 Air France
                                   best low-cost carrier. This is a reflection of   slots that became available at Paris-Orly


-47.0%                             the continuous hard work made to help            Airport, following a competitive process.
                                   our customers throughout difficult               As a result of obtaining these slots,
                                   circumstances, for instance being the first      Vueling becomes the second-largest
ASK change                         European low-cost airline to implement the       operator —after the Air France Group—
vs 2019                            IATA travel pass and offering digital            which allows us to offer our customers 32
                                   solutions to simplify the customer               new destinations from Paris-Orly airport.


117
Fleet in service
                                   experience.
                                   This was combined with another
                                   unprecedented achievement in 2021:
                                                                                    Similarly, our efforts to strengthen our
                                                                                    Spanish domestic network have been
                                                                                    well received by our local customers. Last
                                                                                    summer, we operated a level of capacity
                                   Cirium named Vueling as The Most
+4 vs. 2020
                                   On-time European Airline in 2021.                up to 114 per cent of 2019 levels and
                                                                                    opened 42 new routes both in domestic
                                   For us, achieving these awards in a year
                                                                                    and international markets.
                                   that required so many sacrifices and
                                   efforts is a clear testimony of the              Still, in a year of so many achievements,
                                   exceptional level of commitment and              we believe it has not been always easy to
                                   dedication of all our people at Vueling.         adjust our level of capacity as rapidly as
                                                                                    demand was changing, and we have in
                                                                                    time improved our agility to be able to
                                                                                    react even more quickly that we did at
                                                                                    the beginning of the crisis.
                                                      Since 2013, Vueling has
                                                      been the leading              Our planet
                                                      commercial airline in         Sustainability forms a key part of Vueling
                                                      Spain in the transport        Transform, reflecting all the actions we
                                                      of organs for                 are undertaking to reach our net zero
                                                      transplantation               commitment and, to achieve 10 per cent
                                                                                    usage of Sustainable Aviation Fuels
                                                                                    (SAF) by 2030. In this respect we
                                                                                    recently signed an agreement with
                                                                                    Repsol for the supply of SAF and we
                                                                                    operated our first green flight on a
                                                                                    Barcelona-Sevilla route on November 10,
                                                                                    2021.
                                                                                    In terms of diversity, Vueling continues to
                                                                                    increase the ratio of women in
                                                                                    management positions with the
                                                                                    percentage of women in leadership roles
                                                                                    now 38 per cent.
                                                                                    Furthermore, we are proud to be the
                                                                                    leading airline in the transport of human
                                                                                    organs for transplantation in Spain.
                                                                                    Looking forward
                                                                                    In conclusion, while recognising that 2021
                                                                                    continued to be an extremely challenging
                                                                                    year, we are confident that we are closer
                                                                                    to recovery, and are well placed to
                                                                                    successfully adapt to market conditions
              Vueling has                                                           as they evolve. Vueling Transform is
              recently signed                                                       preparing us for the future and
              an agreement                                                          achievements such as the Skytrax award,
              with Repsol on                                                        and the attainment of slots at Paris-Orly,
              Sustainable                                                           reinforce our confidence that, with the
              Aviation Fuel                                                         commitment of our Vueling employees,
              procurement                                                           we will be able to emerge from the crisis
              and we                                                                stronger.
              operated our
              first green flight
              on a Barcelona-
              Seville route




                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           53
 Strategic Report




 Navigating the crisis,
 readying for recovery

                                               Following constructive discussions with
                                               our pilot and cabin crew communities we
                                               have agreed structural changes covering
                                               both pay scales and working practices.
                                               These will make us more cost competitive
                                               and support future investment and growth.
                                               2021 also saw a significant milestone with
                                               the creation and launch of our new
                                               subsidiary airline. This allows us to pursue
                                               longhaul market opportunities out of the
                                               UK and we commenced our first
Lynne Embleton                                 transatlantic services from Manchester in
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of        October.
Aer Lingus                                                                                    Aer Lingus has signed a
                                               The focus on liquidity continued
                                               throughout the year and a series of debt       deal with Daon to extend
                                               facilities were made available through the     the use of the VeriFLY
 “In a rollercoaster year we                   Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF)       app, following the
                                                                                              successful rollout of the
  have laid the foundations                    and IAG. Consequently, we finished the
                                               year in a firm liquidity position.             technology across its
  to emerge stronger from                      Our people
                                                                                              network

  the pandemic.”                               The low number of flights operated in 2021
                                               belies the effort, teamwork and creativity
                                               of our Aer Lingus colleagues. It was a year
                                               of re-planning, re-booking, re-training, and
                                               returning aircraft to service, compounded
                                               by COVID-related supply chain issues and
 Business overview                             staff absences. Despite these challenges,
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, Ireland         the commitment to strong punctuality and
 had the most stringent travel restrictions    high levels of customer service prevailed.
 within Europe. The non-essential travel
                                               Many office-based colleagues have not
 ban in Ireland was in place until well into
                                               returned to the workplace since March
 the summer season. The inbound travel
                                               2020. Whilst our people have adapted to
 bans to the US — which covered the
 entirety of the Aer Lingus longhaul
 network — remained in place for over ten
 months of the year.
 The impact has been profound:
 international travel to and from Ireland
 was less than 25 per cent of 2019 levels in
 2021.
 However, Ireland is an island nation. Irish
 people love to travel. And Ireland’s
 geographic position is a natural location
 for a successful North Atlantic hub.
 Therefore, whilst navigating the crisis, we
 have been readying ourselves for the
 recovery.                                     Team Ireland
 Our schedule for summer 2022 triples our      athletes onboard
 capacity compared to summer 2021 and          the Aer Lingus
 reaches 90 per cent of 2019 levels by the     flight ahead of
 summer peak. We are reintroducing             their Paralympic
 capacity during the first quarter of 2022     homecoming
 to be operationally ready for this summer
 peak.


54    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
-92.1%
                                 working from home, this hasn’t been             Our customers
                                 without challenge. We look forward to           The social and economic benefits of air
                                 re-establishing face-to-face engagement         travel are compelling. We have
Operating margin                 and embracing flexible working following        consistently challenged the government
-15.3 pts vs 2020                the Government’s announcement in                to insist any COVID restrictions are
                                 January 2022 that workers can return to         evidence-based, proportionate and in


-75.6%
                                 the workplace on a phased basis.                place for the minimum amount of time.
                                 Throughout the crisis we sought to retain       When restrictions have been lifted the
                                 the employment of as many of our people         customer response has been positive. In
ASK change                       as possible. That required significant salary   order to support consumer confidence,
vs 2019                                                                          we have introduced market-leading
                                 reductions across the organisation. Payroll
                                                                                 flexible booking policies. Additionally,


47
                                 savings were reached by agreement with
                                 our workforce in 2020 and 2021 and the          investment in digital solutions provide
                                 Irish government Employee Wage Subsidy          customers clarity of travel requirements,
                                 Scheme (EWSS) provided important                confidence in being ready-to-fly and a
Fleet in service                 support.                                        smoother experience through the airport.
-3 vs. 2020
                                                                                 We further developed our digital
                                                                                 capability in areas such as disruption
                                                                                 management, baggage, ancillary
                                                                                 revenues and readiness to participate in
                                                                                 the Atlantic Joint Business.
                                                                                 Following the sudden collapse of Stobart
                                                                                 Air – the franchise operator of Aer Lingus
                                                                                 Regional – Aer Lingus stepped in to
                                                                                 provide rescue flights and open new
                                                    Departure of the             routes in order to minimise customer
                                                    airline’s first ever         impact. We have successfully developed
                                                    non-stop direct flight       a new franchise partnership with Emerald
                                                    from Manchester to           Airlines and Aer Lingus regional service
                                                    Barbados                     operations will restart from March 17,
                                                                                 2022.
                                                                                 Our planet
                                                                                 We continue resolute in our commitment
                                                                                 to sustainability. In 2021 we took delivery
                                                                                 of three fuel-efficient Airbus A321 LR
                                                                                 aircraft to operate across the Atlantic
                                                                                 and support the sustainable development
                                                                                 of our Dublin hub. We are working with
                                                                                 IAG and the other operating companies
                                                                                 to develop a comprehensive
                                                                                 sustainability programme.
                                                                                 Looking forward
                                                                                 Our customer research tells us that Irish
                                                                                 people are very keen to get back flying.
                                                                                 The Aer Lingus team have laid the
                                                                                 foundations for recovery, we have an
                                                                                 ambitious schedule planned and a
                                                                                 competitive product. Our vision is to be
                                                                                 at the heart of travel to, through and
                                                                                 beyond Ireland for generations to come.
                                                                                 We look forward to more and more
                                                                                 customers experiencing the warm
                                                                                 welcome for which Aer Lingus is
                                                                                 renowned.



              Aer Lingus
              extends ‘Book
              with Confidence’
              policy to offer
              additional
              flexibility to
              customers




                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           55
 Strategic Report




 Unlocking every
 possible opportunity

                                               In the second half of the year we saw
                                               momentum build. Capacity started to
                                               return, and the business began to take
                                               increasingly confident steps towards a
                                               more stable future as the economic
                                               recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic
                                               gained ground. IAG Cargo also saw
                                               conversions from sea freight as shippers
                                               turned to air cargo to minimise the impact
                                               of supply chain disruption. We are still
                                               endeavouring to utilise available fleet and
 David Podolsky                                crew to align our network to cargo
 Chief Strategy Officer and Chief              customer demand, with cargo-only flying.
 Executive Officer of IAG Cargo                Our people                                     IAG Cargo's people went
                                                                                              above and beyond to find
                                               We would not have achieved the results
                                                                                              solutions to the global
                                               we did without the determination and
                                                                                              capacity crunch
 “Our people have worked                       creativity of our people, who faced the
                                               challenges of the pandemic head on. Our
  tirelessly to adapt our                      people have shown significant flexibility as
  business to the                              they have adapted to the changing
                                               demands of the industry and business
  opportunities presented                      environment.
  by a strong cargo market,                    We are grateful for the key role our
                                               frontline operational colleagues have
  unlocking every possible                     played, ensuring we were always
  opportunity for the Group                    delivering. During the year, we launched
                                               our Operational Leadership programme to
  and achieving record                         further strengthen the resilience and
                                               management capabilities of our business.
  revenues.”

 Business overview
 In 2021 the role of air cargo remained
 very much in the spotlight. Our people
 went above and beyond to find solutions
 to the global capacity crunch and
 airfreight restrictions and, in turn, we
 were able to keep world trade moving,
 delivering essential supplies and the vital
 components of everyday life. Our ‘always
 moving’ mantra enabled us to deliver for
 our customers as passenger flying
 continued to be disrupted.
 We reshaped our business to take              IAG Cargo and Iberia
 advantage of the strong cargo market          celebrate the second
 and actively repurposed Group capacity        anniversary of the
 when appropriate. The business delivered      multi-million-euro
 record revenues of €1,673 million, up 28      pharmaceutical centre
 per cent from 2020, with a sustained          in Madrid, as it takes
 resurgence in the volume of flights and       centre stage in the
 yields exceeding 2020 levels.                 COVID-19 vaccine
                                               roll out




56    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Our customers                                  Strengthening our collaboration with our      Our planet
Despite ongoing restrictions affecting         largest customers we launched our Global      In 2021 our cold chain service, Constant
passenger movements, we were able to           Partnership Programme, embarking on           Climate was responsible for shipping
provide cargo capacity where our               more strategic joint endeavours and           millions of doses of lifesaving COVID-19
customers most needed it, with cargo-led       aligning our sustainability ambitions.        vaccines to almost every corner of the
flying and co-sponsored activity with our      Supporting customers, we also enhanced        world. IAG Cargo started a partnership
passenger counterparts. We aligned our         our Customer Relationship Management          with UNICEF, committing its support to
network to customer demand, increasing         (CRM) capabilities to provide more            the organisation’s COVAX programme,
frequencies on important trade routes.         effective communications to help them         the global effort aimed at providing
                                               build their businesses with us.               equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines.
We invested in improving the functionality
of our online offering and expanded our        Charters remained popular. In 2021 we         In addition, IAG Cargo also funded
partnerships with third-party platform         operated 745 charters, opening new            several relief flights. Joining forces with
providers. Both actions supported online       stations in Haiti, USA and Canada to          British Airways, IAG Cargo’s teams
channel shift and digital bookings whilst      service bespoke requests including            worked around the clock to transport
providing more flexibility to our customers.   keeping an automobile production line on      emergency aid to Delhi to support the
                                               schedule, keeping supermarket shelves         Indian government as the country battled
                                               stocked, supplying global communities         rising COVID-19 cases with dwindling
                                               with PPE and delivering ballot papers for     oxygen supplies. Working with the UK
                                               elections. We also created further capacity   Government and UNICEF Spain, IAG
                                               for our charter customers by removing the     Cargo helped support the recovery
                                               seats from the cabins of three Airbus A330    efforts in Haiti, flying 25 tonnes of aid to
                                               LEVEL aircraft.                               help the recovery efforts following the
                                                                                             earthquake that struck the country in
                                                                                             August 2021.
                                                                                             We are constantly looking at ways to
                                                                                             reduce our impact on the environment
                                                                 IAG Cargo announces         whilst improving our customer offering
                                                                 it will grow its            and to that end, we were delighted to
                                                                 workforce with more         complete our first Sustainable Aviation
                                                                 than 500 new roles, in      Fuel (SAF) charter chain of 16 flights
                                                                 its biggest recruitment     from Stuttgart to Atlanta. Working with
                                                                 drive to date               our partner Kuehne+Nagel, IAG Cargo
                                                                                             sourced 1.2 million litres of sustainable
                                                                                             aviation fuel. The collaboration marked
                                                                                             the first time ever that passenger-
                                                                                             freighter charter flights were operated
                                                                                             with net zero carbon emissions.
                                                                                             Looking forward
                                                                                             In 2022 as passenger traffic numbers
                                                                                             recover, our flexibility to optimise
                                                                                             towards customer demand and provide
                                                                                             bespoke solutions will become more
                                                                                             constrained. We will work with our Group
                                                                                             airlines to allocate capacity with the aim
                                                                                             of maximising return from Group assets.
                                                                                             The team at IAG Cargo is excited to enter
                                                                                             2022, starting a new and ambitious phase
                                                                                             of activity.
                                                                                             In December 2021 we reached Practical
                                                                                             Completion on our new Premium facility
                                                                                             at London Heathrow, which will allow us
                                                                                             to not only begin to increase capacity in
                                                                                             2022 also but add new product
                                                                                             capability. Next year, we will also be
                                                                                             investing in our pricing systems,
                                                                                             distribution and the continued
                                                                                             development of our people.

       IAG Cargo partners
       with Kuehne+Nagel to
       complete its first
       charter chain from
       Stuttgart to Atlanta in
       the United States using
       Neste MY Sustainable
       Aviation Fuel (SAF)




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          57
 Strategic Report




 Positioned for growth


                                              We have new long-term agreements with
                                              IAG airlines and secured a doubling of our
                                              guaranteed reward seats in the process.
                                              Our role of providing the Group airlines
                                              with a pioneering centre of excellence for
                                              loyalty continues to develop at pace.
                                              In 2021, customers collected over 54 billion
                                              Avios. Avios collected from flying was
                                              down 80 per cent versus 2019, though
                                              collection from everyday spend with our
 Adam Daniels                                 partners was less impacted by the
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of      pandemic, being down by 27 per cent
 IAG Loyalty                                  versus 2019. Of our 2021 issuance, 77 per      We have moved to a
                                              cent came through customers collecting         hybrid model of working,
                                              with non-air partners.                         including new space for
                                                                                             our team to collaborate in
 "Our Loyalty business has                    Our people
                                              As a non-airline operating company,
  continued to demonstrate                    we often require different expertise
                                              and skillsets. To meet this need we have
  resilience. We have now                     created an Employer Value Proposition
  established the required                    and Employer Brand to amplify our
                                              strengths and differentiators. We’re
  foundations for our long-                   delivering a compelling people plan and
  term success and to                         a broad range of initiatives spanning all
                                              aspects of the people agenda, ensuring
  deliver a step change in                    we have the right capabilities, culture
                                              and opportunities in place for colleagues
  the role of loyalty for our                 to thrive.
  customers and the IAG                       Our people have embraced significant
  airlines."                                  change during the year with hybrid
                                              working, moving to a new office in central
                                              London and the implementation of agile
 Business overview                            ways of working to enable the business to
 Throughout the pandemic IAG Loyalty
 has demonstrated the resilience of our
 model and the value of being able to
 maintain engagement with our
 customers. We remained profitable and
 cash generative throughout the
 pandemic.
 2021 has been a year of modernising our
 infrastructure to enable us to accelerate    For the first time
 our business plan. We continued to invest    ever, British
 in our customer propositions and             Airways Executive
 technology development to ensure our         customers can
 loyalty asset was ready for the lifting of   convert their
 global travel restrictions.                  Avios and
                                              Nectar balances
 We have enhanced our ways of working
                                              both ways
 and made new appointments in the
 management team that are enabling us
 to deliver more initiatives at speed.




58    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
deliver value that’s highly aligned to our      It has been a challenging year, particularly   In Spain, Santander, a key partner for our
customer needs and is outcome driven.           in the UK, managing the level of customer      Iberia Plus members, continues to grow
This has empowered our people to be             calls for redemption flight bookings during    across credit card and banking products.
curious and innovative in our approach to       the changing travel restrictions globally.     We also launched a cobrand card
delivery and I’d like to thank them for their   We have a high focus on improving the          between CaxiaBank and Vueling to give
energy and commitment through this              speed of answer and first call resolution.     additional Avios collecting opportunities
transition.                                     Whilst the volumes are a positive sign of      for customers.
                                                demand and engagement with Avios, we
Our customers                                                                                  Our innovation
                                                are aware this has been a frustration for a
In the UK, our British Airways cobrand                                                         2021 has seen the migration of British
                                                number of customers
credit card was relaunched, implementing                                                       Airways and Iberia to our Global Loyalty
a number of changes agreed during our           Our Aer Lingus AerClub customers are           Platform, holding over 38 million
renegotiation with American Express in          now able to settle their purchases, e.g.       customer records and many billions of
2020. We have added enhanced                    commercial tickets, seats and extra            Avios. The scale, complexity and
availability in business cabins for Premium     baggage, in full with Avios. This is live      challenge of this migration led to a delay
Plus card members. This builds on the           across Aer Lingus booking channels and         in being able to reactivate some of the
already industry-leading Companion              proving exceptionally popular with             entry points for our customers to access
Voucher card benefit and is proving             customers as an enhancement from the           their account for several days. Despite
popular with customers.                         previous part-payment options.                 this challenge the migration was
                                                                                               successful and this concludes the
                                                                                               initiative to bring Group airline
                                                                                               programmes onto a single, more capable
                                                                                               and agile platform.
                                                                                               We created new innovative proprietary
                                                                                               products, for example, the platform that
                                                                                               enables customers earning Nectar points
                                                                                               to exchange for Avios. We have seen
                                                                   The Checkout the            strong engagement from customers to
                                                                   World campaign              link their accounts and exchange.
                                                                   projected onto Marble
                                                                                               We have recently announced a new
                                                                   Arch, London, launched
                                                                                               agreement with Qatar Airways that will
                                                                   in partnership with
                                                                                               see Avios adopted as the currency of the
                                                                   British Airways and
                                                                                               Privilege Club, Qatar Airways’ loyalty
                                                                   American Express
                                                                                               programme. This is a new and innovative
                                                                                               way to globalise our currency. The new
                                                                                               relationship will increase customer
                                                                                               acquisition and value, through an
                                                                                               enhanced earning and redemption
                                                                                               proposition.
                                                                                               Looking forward
                                                                                               Our business is in growth mode and
                                                                                               ready to realise the full potential of
                                                                                               loyalty for our customers and the Group.
                                                                                               Focus and development in our
                                                                                               technology and data capabilities will
                                                                                               continue to enable deep digital expertise
                                                                                               and delivery of best-in-class products.
                                                                                               We will be expanding the reach of the
                                                                                               Avios currency globally by developing
                                                                                               new ventures, delivery of new
                                                                                               partnerships and earning opportunities
                                                                                               for customers.


Our Vueling
Club members
are now able to
earn Avios from
their everyday
spend on the
new cobrand
card with
CaxiaBank




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       59
 Strategic Report




Strengthening Barcelona’s
longhaul connectivity

                                              one of the most challenging years in           digital channels such as social networks,
                                              aviation history, our commitment to the        live chat, or chatbot. In 2021, we went a
                                              reactivation of the sector has strengthened    step further in the customisation of travel
                                              our position in Barcelona.                     with LEVEL thanks to new web
                                                                                             developments, which have allowed us to
                                              Our people
                                                                                             offer an easy and tailor-made experience.
                                              Destination equality. In 2021 we
                                                                                             We have guaranteed very competitive
                                              consolidated the team in Barcelona and
                                                                                             departure prices and complementary
                                              solidified our way of doing things:
                                                                                             products designed to meet the
                                              disruptive thinking and a start-up culture
                                                                                             preferences of every customer. We
                                              to reinvent both processes and work
                                                                                             launched flights to Punta Cana and Cancun
                                              dynamics. At LEVEL, diversity and
Fernando Candela                                                                             to offer attractive alternatives to
                                              inclusion run in our DNA, with 41 per cent
Chief Executive Officer of LEVEL                                                             destinations opened to tourism.
                                              of the senior roles held by women. During
                                              the month of March, we led an important        Our planet
                                              campaign for gender equality: we focused       Optimise processes to reduce their
“LEVEL has moved                              our efforts to create an equalitarian          environmental impact. We have worked to
                                              company, being the first airline in adopting   put technology at the centre, to improve
 decisively towards the full                  inclusive language in all our Spanish          efficiency and reduce waste. To that end,
 reactivation of longhaul                     communications and empowering women            we designed a pre-order portal that has
                                              to fly their way by creating a digital         allowed us to adjust the amount of food
 flights from Barcelona. It                   community to connect female travellers.        we load to the specific demand on each
                                                                                             flight. With this project, only what is going
 has adapted to the                           Our customers
                                                                                             to be consumed is loaded on the plane,
                                              Unfortunately, during 2021 we were still
 pandemic, seeking                            forced to readjust our operations, which
                                                                                             reducing leftovers and minimising waste.

 alternatives that have                       left many customers without their flight of    Looking forward
                                              choice. The high volume of requests meant      We will continue to strengthen Barcelona
 allowed it to maintain its                   it was not always possible to maintain the     as a hub between United States and
 operations and fulfil its                    expected standard of quality. For that         Europe, reviewing every process and
                                              reason, we strengthened digital                rethinking each aspect so that every trip
 raison d’être: to connect                    distribution and opted for 360°                on board LEVEL is the personalised, warm,
                                              communication channels that allowed us         and digital experience that the new
 the world and people.”                       to be where we were needed: close to our       generations demand.
                                              customers. Since then, more than 30 per
Business overview                             cent of enquiries were made through our
At LEVEL we have played a crucial role in
maintaining Barcelona’s connectivity,
adapting our operations to the varying
restrictions, offering our clients an
alternative choice of destinations.
Reactivation commenced as soon the
restrictions were lifted in our
consolidated routes, peaking during
the summer months when we attained 24
per cent of the seats flown to the United
States out of Barcelona. Our commitment
to air cargo allowed us to maintain
operations in the most difficult months of
the year. True to the model, we combined
the most competitive fares with a boost
in the sale of ancillary products. In
addition, and thanks to the sale of
connections with Vueling, we expanded
the reach of our services. During the third
quarter of the year, 16 per cent of sales
were connecting flights. Despite facing


60   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Delivering through times
of challenge and change

                                            to improve efficiencies in our financial     Learning Academy: a place to share
                                            processes leading to better performance      and store knowledge and expertise,
                                            and analytics.                               evaluate and enhance competencies,
                                                                                         and create a pipeline for future skills
                                            We utilised our unique position as the hub
                                                                                         and career growth.
                                            of working capital activity for the Group,
                                            providing valuable insight and a constant    Fundamentally, we have empowered
                                            overview.                                    our teams to think differently, find
                                                                                         better solutions and this gives us all
                                            2021 has been the year we defined and
                                                                                         even more reasons to be proud of our
                                            started to deliver on our four core
                                                                                         work and our people.
                                            transformation pillars:
Zoe Davis                                                                                Our planet
                                            • Driving further synergies by leveraging
Director of IAG GBS                           the existing platform and onboarding       We led the initiative, and IAG’s
                                              additional services, including managing    subsequent commitment, to be the first
                                              the critical Right to Fly services for     airline group in the world to set the
                                                                                         target of achieving Scope 3 (supply
“IAG GBS delivered                            British Airways and Iberia
                                                                                         chain) net zero emissions by 2050. This
                                            • Continuing the in-depth restructure of
 support and significant                      the Group's cost base to optimise unit
                                                                                         follows the industry-first Scope 1 and 2
                                                                                         targets that IAG set in 2019. Scope 3
                                              costs; to partner with suppliers who
 savings during 2021,                         share our values and ways of working;
                                                                                         emissions are those produced by our
                                                                                         suppliers and partners and represent
 pivoting and adapting to                     and to manage supplier performance
                                                                                         around 23 per cent of our total
                                            • Delivering automation and analytics,
 the challenges we faced                      while using our insights from around the
                                                                                         emissions. We have set an interim
                                                                                         measure of a 20 per cent reduction in
 and helping the Group to                     Group to optimise the mix of onshore,
                                                                                         Scope 3 emissions by 2030 and are
                                              nearshore and offshore work
 come out of the                            • Proactively monitoring any potential
                                                                                         confident in our ability to achieve this
                                                                                         challenging target.
 pandemic right-sized for                     supplier risks to mitigate emerging
                                                                                         Looking forward
                                              issues, and leading on our supplier
 the future.”                                 sustainability commitments                 IAG GBS will continue to focus on
                                                                                         driving transformation across the Group
                                            We continue to seek additional
                                                                                         by creating and delivering innovative
Overview                                    opportunities to leverage our established
                                                                                         centralised solutions through our four
In 2021, through our established central    platform and deliver further synergies for
                                                                                         core transformation pillars, all
platform, we used our scale and agility     the Group.
                                                                                         underpinned by our people.
to continue supporting every part of the    Our people
Group. We used our expertise to deliver     With a diverse global organisation, we
centralised services for procurement,       are focused on continuing to create a
finance and airport operations.             high-performing team, attracting,
With our constant focus on delivering       engaging, developing and retaining
IAG’s Cost per Available Seat Kilometre     industry experts with initiatives in place
(CASK) targets, we monitored, managed       to support them on their journey. This
and simplified the supply chain;            includes establishing our own Internal
mitigated costs; and ensured the Group
had a robust supply chain during a very
challenging global environment.
Our specialists delivered automation and
innovation to drive industry-leading
process improvements right across IAG.
We introduced the Integrated Support
Centre leveraging new chatbot
functionality and AI ticketing technology
to better support employees and
suppliers with their queries. The
automation programme also accelerated




                                                               INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       61
 Strategic Report




 Driving towards
 technology excellence

                                               we have maintained our focus on               introduced new distribution channels for
                                               increasing the maturity of our cyber          our travel agent partners.
                                               security capabilities, including
                                                                                             We have supported partnership launches
                                               strengthening our Security Operations
                                                                                             and the delivery of the Global Loyalty
                                               Centre and the start of a new Group-wide
                                                                                             Platform for Aer Lingus, Iberia and
                                               identity and access management solution.
                                                                                             Vueling, providing a more customised
                                               Our people                                    and better experience for our customers.
                                               We have launched a new IAG Tech               We migrated Vueling onto our Salesforce
                                               website as part of our strategy to create a   platform which enabled us to deploy
                                               thriving technology community that            chatbots to handle routine tasks and
                                               attracts and retains the very best talent.    answer many of our customer’s
 John Gibbs                                    We now have over 1,500 active members
 Chief Information Officer                                                                   questions. This resulted in a 60 per cent
                                               of our guilds sharing best practice and       reduction in back office workload and
                                               knowledge, supported by a learning            improved customer satisfaction to over
                                               academy that is developing our future         90 per cent.
 “In 2021, we completed                        digital leaders. We also welcomed our
                                                                                             Our planet
                                               second intake of graduates and
  the work on our new IT/                      apprentices.                                  Our fifth Hangar 51 innovation accelerator
                                                                                             platform explored how new technologies
  Digital operating model                      Our Digital Factory is rapidly deploying
                                                                                             can help us meet our sustainability
                                               Robotic Process Automation and Low
  and are focused on                           Code Solutions to automate processes and
                                                                                             commitments, and improve operational
                                                                                             efficiency, performance, safety, and
  driving continuous                           help our employees, for example, chatbots
                                                                                             customer experience.
                                               that can answer questions on our Ground
  improvements to our                          Operations Manual. This automation is         Many of our technology investments also
                                                                                             contribute to our sustainability plan. This
  ways of working,                             being accelerated through a Digital
                                                                                             included investments in network, aircraft
                                               Champions network that identifies the
  including creating an                        opportunities and seeks to exploit this       and operational planning systems to
                                               technology.                                   reduce the environmental footprint of our
  environment where our                                                                      flights; the introduction of pre-ordering
                                               We continue to modernise our internal
  technology professionals                     systems, for example, the upgrade of our
                                                                                             of food and drink onboard that has
                                                                                             reduced waste; and the launch of three
  can thrive.”                                 call centre technology for British Airways
                                                                                             data centre migration programmes that
                                               in UK and Hong Kong. We are improving
                                                                                             will move all of our systems onto new
                                               decision-making through use of artificial
                                                                                             infrastructure hosted in the cloud,
 Overview                                      intelligence, machine learning, data
                                                                                             providing enhanced resilience,
 Our new IAG Tech operating model is           analytics and dashboards including the
                                                                                             performance and an 80 per cent lower
 now live, with improvements to the            deployment of a digital boardroom for our
                                                                                             CO2 footprint for our technology.
 products and services we offer the            IAG GBS management team.
 business; increased efficiency and                                                          Looking forward
                                               Our customers
 effectiveness of our value streams and                                                      We have three main priorities in 2022, in
                                               We introduced a wide variety of solutions
 processes; adoption of modern methods                                                       our pursuit of Technology Excellence. We
                                               to assist with travel in a COVID-19 world
 and tools; a leaner organisation structure;                                                 will accelerate the delivery of the new
                                               including automating the validation of
 clearer roles and accountabilities, and                                                     technology capabilities required to
                                               customers’ travel documentation, pre-
 improved governance with enhanced                                                           support the Group’s transformation,
                                               ordering of onboard food and drink, and
 reporting. This has resulted in new                                                         including making significant progress on
                                               biometric boarding.
 capabilities being delivered faster and                                                     our data centre migration and replacing
 more regularly due to the adoption of         Our omni-channel strategy saw the             obsolescence. We will continue to embed
 agile methodologies. We also saw              introduction of voice recognition, chatbots   and improve the IAG Tech operating
 reductions in the number of incidents         and WhatsApp used by our Iberia               model. We will continue to develop a
 affecting our customers and a decrease        customers. In parallel, enhancements have     culture where we value the diversity
 in the time to restore services. Progress     been made to all .com platforms including     across our technology professionals,
 was hampered though, by our need to           dynamic pricing capability for fares and      ensure that everyone feels included and
 support the business in responding to         ancillaries. We increased self-service        is treated equally, and that we have a
 COVID-19, for example reducing                capabilities such as introducing disruption   thriving and supportive community with
 investments to preserve cash. However,        management onto airport kiosks. We also       a strong sense of belonging.




62    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTRODUCTION TO SUSTAINABILITY




Driving change to create
truly sustainable aviation

We are committed to                             transporting vaccines and humanitarian aid
                                                to places that needed us most.                "We are
creating and delivering
long-term sustainable value
                                                To ensure we fully understand our
                                                stakeholders’ concerns, in 2021 we
                                                                                               determined
for our stakeholders, who                       completed a comprehensive review using
                                                an independent, specialist third party,
                                                                                               to support
include our colleagues, all
those we do business with,
                                                Simply Sustainable, to analyse 26 different
                                                environmental, social and governance
                                                                                               the long‑term
the communities where we                        (ESG) topics that are crucial to our
                                                operations. With these issues as the
                                                                                               prosperity of
operate, investors,
regulators, customers, and
                                                foundation, we then conducted 34 internal
                                                and external stakeholder interviews and
                                                                                               the communities
our society.                                    gathered a further 131 responses from
                                                stakeholder surveys. We also
                                                                                               we serve."
We ensure that we understand the needs          benchmarked the results against industry
of all of our key stakeholders to prioritise    peers.
their requirements in our plans to deliver a    The findings led to the production of two
fully sustainable business.                     materiality matrices, over three-year and
A critical aspect of delivering a fully         ten-year timescales respectively, with
sustainable business is recognising,            issues grouped into four different areas:
managing and reducing our impact on the         People, Planet, Prosperity, and
planet, which is critical to driving change     Governance. By aligning these with our
across the industry so that we can play our     strategic priorities and measuring our
full part in tackling climate change.           performance, we are best able to put all
                                                our stakeholders at the heart of our
Having previously set clear and ambitious       decision-making to ensure IAG can have a
targets relating to our most material issues,   positive impact on society over the long
we worked this year to embed our net            term.
zero transition pathway within our
business strategy and shift our focus to
delivery of our plans this decade.
We have done this by accelerating
progress in sustainable aviation fuels and
operational efficiency and by continuing
our investment in green technologies such
as hydrogen-powered planes and carbon
removal as well as new aircraft which are
up to 40 per cent more fuel efficient than
those they replace.                                                                            Contents of this section:
Meanwhile, we also stepped up in the                                                           65   A. Principles of Governance
delivery of our social targets, including
improving our diversity performance, our
                                                                                               75   B. Planet
employee engagement and the                                                                    92   C. People and Prosperity
implementation of our programme to
reach all our stakeholders. As part of our
commitment to ensure we are a diverse
and inclusive organisation last year we set
a new target of having at least 40 per cent                                                    This sustainability report has also been
of senior roles held by women by 2025.                                                         prepared in reference to GRI
                                                                                               standards, which are listed under
We are determined to support the                                                               relevant section headings. Criteria for
long-term prosperity of the communities                                                        choosing specific standards are based
we serve. In 2021, we continued to support                                                     on compliance with Spanish Law
countries’ efforts to combat the pandemic                                                      11/2018 and on material issues.
by helping out wherever we could,



                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     63
 Strategic Report

INTRODUCTION TO SUSTAINABILITY CONTINUED




Driving efforts to tackle climate change       IAG is delighted that IATA has joined the         IAG was also pleased to gain another
IAG has been the leading airline group         journey to net zero emissions. Since IAG’s        climate ”Leadership” (A-) grade from the
building global momentum towards net           net zero commitment in October 2019,              Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) in 2021.
zero aviation. As well as taking pioneering    over 290 airlines are now also committed          This placed IAG in the top 6 per cent of
actions within our business, IAG has           to net zero, representing over 82 per cent        global respondents. We are the only airline
proactively engaged with other airlines to     of global air traffic. This rapid shift within    group worldwide to gain three leadership
build consensus around net zero. This          two years is profound.                            grades in the past five years.
successful advocacy will enable faster         IAG supports efforts for a long-term target       The business will continue to lay the
emissions reductions across the industry.      for aviation at the ICAO General Assembly         groundwork to accelerate emissions
                                               in 2022.                                          reductions both for our operations and at
                                                                                                 an industry level.




   Key achievements and ‘firsts’ include:
   • October 2019. First airline group to         roadmap to net zero (UK, via                  • September 2021. Actively drove the
     commit to net zero carbon emissions          Sustainable Aviation);                          first global aviation alliance
     by 2050, setting a precedent for           • January 2021. British Airways was the           commitment and roadmap to net zero
     aviation;                                    first airline to receive a sustainability-      (via oneworld);
   • November 2019. First airline group to        linked loan tied directly to ESG targets;     • April 2021. First European airline group
     publish a roadmap for achieving this, a    • February 2021. Actively supported the           to commit to 10 per cent sustainable
     detailed plan which could be emulated;       first regional aviation commitment and          fuels by 2030; and
   • February 2020. Actively supported the        roadmap to net zero (Europe, via              • April 2021. First airline group
     first national aviation commitment and       A4E);                                           worldwide to commit to net zero
                                                                                                  Scope 3 emissions by 2050.




   Our Hangar 51 platform continues to engage with and support innovative companies like ZeroAvia to accelerate new zero
   emissions technologies.




64    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
A. Principles of Governance


A.1. Defining sustainability and material issues

Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB
standards:                                       Material issues as identified in 2021
GRI 102-43, 102-44, 102-46, 102-47               The icons represent UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).

In this context, sustainability covers both      Principles of Governance
environmental and social issues.
                                                 • Investing in the future
IAG’s sustainability strategy, initiatives and   • Planning for climate-resilient operations
reporting are based on a rigorous
                                                 • Working with suppliers
assessment of which business activities
have a material impact on the environment        Planet
and people and what is most important to
                                                 • Reducing our climate impact
key stakeholders.
                                                 • Influencing policy
In 2021, IAG repeated a comprehensive
materiality assessment to assess these
issues. This was facilitated by leading
sustainability consultancy Simply
Sustainable as an independent third party,
with the scope as described in the
introduction to this section.                    Prosperity
                                                 • Running a profitable business
The internal stakeholders included all IAG
Management Committee members, certain            • Pleasing our customers
Board members, and operating company
sustainability representatives. External
stakeholders included investors, corporate       People
customers, policymakers, trade                   • Engaging with employees
associations, fuel suppliers, airports, and      • Building a diverse, inclusive and
NGOs. The materiality assessment was               equal workplace
complemented by an ESG staff survey
distributed in English and Spanish.
The results have informed our disclosures
and strategy.
Tackling climate change remains our most         The above four categories are aligned to best practice in the 2020 World
material issue in the long run, and              Economic Forum “Measuring Stakeholder Capitalism” report.
engagement with policymakers, customers
and suppliers was identified as key to this      Changes in material issues to 2030
effort. In the short term, as the business       To 2023 (Three-year timeframe)            To 2030 (Ten-year timeframe)
recovers from COVID-19, profitability and        1 Running a profitable business           1 Investing in the future
customer and employee engagement
                                                 2 Engaging with our employees             2 Reducing our climate impact
remain a high priority. In addition,
                                                 3 Reducing our climate impact             3 Influencing policy
wellbeing is a material issue and IAG has
elevated its focus on this.                      4 Pleasing our customers                  4 Building a diverse, inclusive and equal
                                                 5 Investing in the future                   workplace
Water consumption, biodiversity and light
                                                 6 Planning for climate-resilient          5 Working with suppliers
pollution were assessed as non-material
                                                   operations                              6 Pleasing our customers
for IAG. More information on water and
biodiversity is available in the Additional      Note: the most material issues are assessed using the combination of their
Disclosures section of the Non-Financial         importance to stakeholders, and their residual impact to the business after current
Information Statement (NFIS).                    mitigation plans.
IAG does not have specific risk provisions,
targets or guarantees related to these
non-material issues.




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        65
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
A. PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE




  Supporting UN Sustainable Development Goals to 2030
  The UN has identified 17 SDGs to support as part of the global 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. IAG has identified four
  priority SDGs to support, with examples below. Within the Group, Iberia is a member of the UN Global Compact.
  SDG          Description   See sections                 Examples of 2021 activities which support SDG
               Gender        C.1. Workforce overview The IAG Board has maintained the same ratio of seven male and five female
               equality                                directors from 2020 to 2021 (42% female representation)
                             C.3. Diversity, inclusion
                             and equality              IAG received the “gender equality” award at the Vocento Business Awards in
                                                       Spain for its efforts to encourage diversity
               Affordable    Spotlight: Sustainable       British Airways, Iberia, Vueling and IAG Cargo used SAF in flights for the first
               and clean     Aviation Fuel                time
               energy
                                                          Multiple Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) deals to secure future supply
               Decent work C.1. Workforce overview Doubling of staff engagement in Group-wide Occupational Health Surveys
               and
               economic
               growth
               Climate       A.5. Sustainability     IAG was instrumental in driving industry coalitions at national, regional and
               action        stakeholder engagement global levels to set net zero climate targets, and lobbying for UK policy
                                                     support for SAF
                             B.1. Climate change and
                             TCFD disclosures




 Sustainability governance structure

                                                                 Board



                                                    Safety, Environment and
                                                                                                       Audit and Compliance
        Remuneration Committee                   Corporate Responsibility (SECR)
                                                                                                            Committee
                                                       Board Committee


          People Working Group                          Management Committee



        Sustainable Aviation Fuels
                                                      Sustainability Steering Group                      IAG Sustainability
             Steering Group




                                                        IAG Sustainability network


        Introduced in 2020




66   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
A.2. Sustainability governance
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-46, 102-48. TCFD Governance a, b



Overview                                            • regular meetings of the SAF Steering              Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
IAG has multiple levels of governance in              Group and People Working Group                    (SASB), the IATA Airlines Reporting
place to ensure robust, aligned and                   reporting into the SSG; and                       Handbook, and relevant criteria from
progressive sustainability decision-making.         • as part of the Group-wide Enterprise              external ESG rating agencies. IAG
                                                      Risk Management (ERM) process,                    supported IATA and the Global Reporting
In 2021, IAG appointed a Chief People,
                                                      bi-annual reporting of the principal              Initiative (GRI) to develop the IATA
Corporate Affairs and Sustainability Officer
                                                      sustainable aviation risks to the IAG             handbook.
(CPCASO) to further drive forward
                                                      Management Committee and Board’s                  This sustainability report has also been
environmental and social initiatives. The
                                                      Audit and Compliance Committee.                   prepared in reference to GRI standards,
CPCASO is a member of the Management
Committee and reports into the IAG CEO.             Internal Group-wide policies related to             which are listed under relevant section
The IAG Group Head of Sustainability and            sustainability help to ensure that wider            headings. Criteria for choosing specific
Group Head of People report into the                decision-making aligns with the                     standards are based on compliance with
CPCASO.                                             sustainability strategy. These include the          Spanish Law 11/2018 and on material
                                                    Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of                   issues. In cases where GRI alignment was
The Group sustainability strategy covers
                                                    Conduct and specific policies on                    not possible, other standards aligned to
Group policies and objectives, governance
                                                    Environmental Sustainability, Modern                airline industry guidance or internal
structures, risk management, strategy and
                                                    Slavery, Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Equal         frameworks were used and described.
targets on material issues, sustainability
                                                    Opportunities and Selection and Diversity.          Data governance
performance indicators, and
                                                    These are approved by the Board of
communications and stakeholder                                                                          Unless otherwise stated:
                                                    Directors.
engagement plans. Each individual
                                                                                                        • The scope of environment performance
operating company within the Group has a            Individual airlines are also adopting ISO
                                                                                                          data in this report includes all IAG
distinct sustainability programme which is          14001-aligned internationally recognised
                                                                                                          airlines, subsidiaries and cargo
regularly reviewed to ensure alignment              environmental assessment and
                                                                                                          operations over which IAG has
with the Group strategy.                            management tools. All four main airlines
                                                                                                          operational control. This scope is
                                                    are working towards Stage 2 accreditation
The IAG Board provides oversight and                                                                      consistent with environment-related
                                                    for the IATA Environmental Assessment
direction for sustainability programmes.                                                                  policies and KPIs;
                                                    (IEnvA)1 management system. Only seven
The IAG Management Committee provides                                                                   • LEVEL, IAG Loyalty and IAG GBS
                                                    airlines worldwide have this accreditation.
the key forum for reviewing and                                                                           functions are not in scope for
                                                    British Airways, Aer Lingus and Vueling
challenging these programmes and setting                                                                  environmental reporting as the
                                                    have already achieved Stage 1 certification
strategy.                                                                                                 environmental impacts of these business
                                                    and Iberia plans to complete Stage 1 in
Key governance structures include:                                                                        units are not material; and
                                                    2022.
                                                                                                        • Workforce data includes all IAG
• quarterly meetings of the Board Safety,           Reporting standards                                   operating companies and support
  Environment and Corporate                         The full contents of this sustainability              functions.
  Responsibility (SECR) Committee to                report are included in the IAG Non-
  provide dedicated oversight of the                                                                    Emissions data from intra-European flights
                                                    Financial Information Statement, which is
  Group’s sustainability programme and a                                                                is also independently verified within six
                                                    third-party independently verified to
  link between the IAG and operating                                                                    months of the year end, for compliance
                                                    limited assurance standards in line with
  company management committees and                                                                     with the UK and EU Emissions Trading
                                                    ISAE3000 (Revised)2 standards.
  the IAG Board;                                                                                        Schemes (ETS), and for all flights for the
                                                    IAG complies with current and emerging              UN Carbon Offsetting and Reduction
• quarterly meetings of the Sustainability
                                                    standards on sustainability reporting.              Scheme for International Aviation
  Steering Group (SSG), comprised of
                                                    These include obligations under EU                  (CORSIA).
  senior representatives from each
                                                    Directive 2014/95/EU on non-financial
  operating company and key IAG teams,                                                                  In specific cases where full year data was
                                                    reporting and its transposition in the UK
  to provide oversight of environmental                                                                 not available, estimates have been applied
                                                    and Spain, the 2018 UK Streamlined
  and social initiatives and reporting;                                                                 based on business forecasts and data from
                                                    Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR)
• monthly meetings of the IAG                                                                           prior months. Internal governance is in
                                                    regulation, and the Task Force on Climate-
  Sustainability Network, comprised of                                                                  place to ensure that any estimations made
                                                    related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and
  sustainability representatives from all                                                               are robust. Any prior year restatements are
                                                    the EU Taxonomy Regulation (2020/852).
  operating companies, to share ideas and                                                               indicated next to relevant metrics with
  updates;                                          IAG also goes beyond compliance                     reasons provided.
                                                    requirements and voluntarily aligns
                                                    sustainability reporting with the
1 IEnvA is the airline industry version of ISO 14001, the international standard for environmental management systems. IEnvA is tailored specifically for
  airlines and is fully compatible with the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
2 ISAE3000 is the assurance standard for compliance, sustainability and outsourcing audits, issued by the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).
                                                                         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021              67
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
A. PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE




A.3. Sustainability strategy                       to not only transform the business, but           practices in sustainability programmes,
                                                   drive the system-wide change required to          processes and impacts, while executing on
IAG has a vision to be the world’s leading         create a truly sustainable aviation industry.     Group strategy. Creating a truly
airline group on sustainability. That means        IAG is committed to delivering best               sustainable business is fundamental to our
using its scale, influence and track record                                                          long-term growth.

IAG has three overall strategic priorities for its business. The environmental strategy is aligned to these:
Strengthening a portfolio of world-class brands
and operations                                    Growing global leadership positions              Enhancing IAG’s common integrated platform
• Ensuring customers have visibility of, and • Demonstrating industry leadership       • Investing in efficient aircraft fleet and
  are engaged in, our sustainability         • Maturing our transition pathway towards   delivering best practice in operational
  programmes                                   a net zero business                       efficiency
                                             • Leadership in carbon disclosures        • Innovating and investing to accelerate
                                                                                         progress in sustainable aviation fuels,
                                                                                         future aircraft and low-carbon
                                                                                         technologies

In 2021, the Board agreed to a broadening of the sustainability strategy and progress is now tracked against nine priorities.
Nine strategic priorities                                                  Key 2021 progress
1. Clear and ambitious targets relating to IAG’s most material issues • See B.1. ‘Climate change and TCFD disclosures’ section
                                                                      • 2021 materiality review
                                                                      • New SAF, waste, diversity, Scope 3 emissions targets
2. Low-carbon transition pathways embedded in business strategy • Sustainability budgets form part of operating company
                                                                  three‑year business plans updated annually. Carbon costs are
                                                                  integrated into business cases for fleet purchasing and
                                                                  planning. (see below)
3. Management incentives aligned to delivering a low-carbon                • IAG was the first airline group to explicitly agree climate targets
transition plan                                                              as part of annual incentive plans. See remuneration section for
                                                                             more details. These are expected to be reinstated in 2022.
4. Leadership in carbon disclosures                                        • CDP (climate-specific ranking): A-, top 6% of scored companies
                                                                           • TPI (climate-specific ranking): Met 17 of 18 criteria, highest level
                                                                           • Sustainalytics (cross-sector ESG ranking): 9th out of 68 airlines
5. Accelerating progress in low-carbon technologies including              • See "Spotlight: Sustainable Aviation Fuel"
aircraft technology, SAF, carbon offsets and carbon removals
6. Accelerating innovation in low-carbon technology as above               • Dedicated sustainability category in Hangar 51 accelerator
                                                                             programme
7. Industry leadership in the innovation and deployment of SAF             • 10 per cent SAF by 2030 commitment and several new supply
including power-to-liquids                                                   partnerships
8. Stepping up our social commitments including on diversity,              • New diversity targets set
employee engagement and sustainability as a core value
9. Industry leadership in stakeholder engagement and advocacy              • Continued leadership positisions in key industry associations
                                                                             with more action planned for 2022

To embed low-carbon transition pathways in business strategy, IAG concurrently applies internal carbon prices to financial planning
and scenario analysis. Prices are based on market values and reputable external forecasts:
• EU ETS prices are based on market prices and the UK Department for Transport (DfT) Aviation Forecast to 2050; and
• CORSIA prices are based on International Energy Agency (IEA) and ICAO price forecasts to 2035.




68      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
For the period 2021-35, EU ETS prices of €50-€166/tonne and CORSIA prices of $8-$40/tonne were used for modelling compliance
costs. The Fleet team used updated carbon prices and price forecasts for shorthaul and longhaul fleet purchasing decisions.
To support management incentives, in 2020, climate-related incentives were agreed by IAG’s MC, Remuneration Committee and Board
so that 60 of the most senior executives across the Group, including the IAG CEO, would have a proportion of their annual incentives
linked to achievement of annual carbon intensity targets. More details are in the report of the Remuneration Committee.
To support leadership in carbon disclosures, in 2021 IAG Investor Relations completed a survey of key IAG investors to identify their
expectations, views on best practice in ESG reporting, and those ratings they prioritise. IAG plans to engage with relevant rating
agencies in 2022 to enable more accurate calculations of IAG’s scores and to identify actions to improve the scores.
IAG is the only airline group worldwide to receive three leadership (A-/A) grades from CDP in the past five years and in 2021 received
the joint-highest score of any airline from the Transition Pathways Initiative (TPI), which assesses companies’ readiness for a low-
carbon economy.

A.4. Sustainability risk management
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-11, 102-15. TCFD Governance a, b, Strategy a, b, c, Risk Management a, b, c


Sustainable aviation risks have been          IAG Management Committee and the IAG            • in 2021, IAG set a new net zero target by
collectively identified as one of IAG’s       Audit and Compliance Committee.                   2050 for Scope 3 emissions and IAG
principal risks.                              Detailed sustainability risks and                 GBS appointed EcoVadis to help to
                                              opportunities are also reported to the IAG        track supplier sustainability performance
In 2021, IAG received ‘A’ grades from CDP
                                              CPCASO who reports to the IAG CEO.                and mitigate supply chain-related
for its climate risk and opportunities
                                              Plans to mitigate risks are developed by          sustainability risks; and
disclosures to CDP. This response is
                                              relevant risk owners in specific areas of the   • all operating airlines to work towards
available on the IAG website.
                                              business.                                         Stage 2 accreditation of the
Climate-related risks are considered and                                                        environmental management system
                                              Sustainability risk assessments have
assessed under the Group Enterprise Risk                                                        IEnvA1, including investments in people
                                              informed specific decisions related to
Management (ERM) framework which is                                                             and IT systems, to manage
                                              business operations and strategy, and IAG
presented to the Board. More details on                                                         environmental compliance risks.
                                              allocates significant resources to
the framework and process for how risks
                                              environmental risk management. Examples         IAG is committed to mitigating the impacts
are assessed, and how Group risks
                                              include:                                        of hazards which, if they occur, have
inter-relate, can be found in the ‘Risk
Management, Principal risks and               • IAG has maintained its commitment to          uncertain but potentially negative
uncertainties’ section.                         invest in SAF development, production         outcomes on the environment or people.
                                                and supply as part of its 20-year             As such, IAG adopts precautionary
Sustainability risks and opportunities,                                                       measures to mitigate these hazards, an
                                                US$400 million (€360 million) SAF
including climate-related risks and                                                           approach known as the precautionary
                                                commitment, to manage climate policy
opportunities, are also identified and                                                        principle. The precautionary principle is
                                                risks and take advantage of energy-
assessed by the Group Sustainability team,                                                    applied to the planning of operations and
                                                related opportunities;
in conjunction with the Group ERM team.                                                       the development and launch of new
This assessment includes risks over           • in 2018, TCFD-aligned scenario analysis
                                                                                              services, by integrating climate
medium-term (two to five years) and             identified a need for more ambitious
                                                                                              considerations into business plans and
long-term (greater than five years)             action on climate change, which led to
                                                                                              financial forecasts and aligning activities
timescales.                                     the 2019 decision to design and adopt
                                                                                              with the Flightpath Net Zero strategy.
                                                the industry-leading Flightpath Net Zero
Sustainability enterprise risks are bi-         strategy to deliver net zero emissions        Detailed mitigation for climate-related risks
annually reported to and reviewed by the        byy 2050;                                     is outlined in Section B.1.


Related risk: Environmental regulation compliance
Risk description                                                    Mitigating actions
An inadvertent breach of compliance requirements related to ESG • Strengthening sustainability governance including reviews of
reporting, emissions or waste management, or other                  annual disclosures via the Audit and Compliance Committee
environmental issues, leading to fines and potential reputational • Internal governance, training and assigning ownership for
damage.                                                             environmental compliance obligations
                                                                  • Working towards IEnvA1 accreditation to improve internal
                                                                    compliance processes
1 See A.2. Sustainability governance




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         69
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
A. PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE




A.5. Sustainability stakeholder engagement
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-13, 102-43, 102-44


Engagement with key stakeholder groups           IAG’s stance on climate change is to align       those that are effective, and fair, and
is outlined over the next three pages.           its efforts with the latest science on           ideally global. IAG also supports the
                                                 achieving 1.5°C pathways. This applies both      principle of carbon pricing, which is to
IAG is a member of multiple trade
                                                 to the goal of achieving net zero by 2050        drive emissions reductions where they are
associations which deal with environmental
                                                 and to pathways aligned to the science.          most cost-effective. IAG does not support
and climate-related issues.
                                                 IAG sees both gross and net reductions in        carbon taxes as it has been proven that
If the climate-related positions of trade        emissions as crucial elements of aviation        these are environmentally inefficient.
associations are inconsistent with internal      decarbonisation, supports the mechanisms
                                                                                                  IAG has internal governance to ensure that
stances, IAG representatives take roles on       of fleet modernisation, airspace and
                                                                                                  wider stakeholder engagement on
task forces and working groups and               operational efficiency, sustainable aviation
                                                                                                  sustainability is consistent with its material
respond to consultations to communicate          fuels, carbon pricing schemes and
                                                                                                  issues and environmental goals.
our stances and constructively move to           voluntary offsets and removals, and
alignment.                                       advocates for effective policies to promote


Stakeholders                                  Why we engage                                     Key 2021 activities
Industry associations                         • To develop common policy positions           • Supporting IATA industry commitment to
                                              • To improve advocacy effectiveness              net zero emissions
                                              • To ensure consistency between IAG            • Key inputs to A4E ‘Destination 2050’
                                                sustainability goals and the goals of          roadmap to net zero for aviation
                                                associations of which IAG or operating       • Coordinated oneworld roadmap to net
                                                airlines are members                           zero and 10% SAF by 2030 commitment
                                              • To share environmental and policy            • Working group for new 2030 and 2040
                                                expertise to drive a more sustainable          emissions targets for UK aviation industry
                                                industry                                     • Policy advocacy on evolution of EU ‘Fit
                                                                                               for 55’ climate policies
Government and other regulators               • To support UK and EU commitments to          • Responses to UK SAF Mandate and Jet
                                                net zero emissions                             Zero Consultations
                                              • To build support for a net zero emissions    • IAG staff chair two of four groups of the
                                                target for aviation through the UN             UK Jet Zero Council (JZC)
                                                aviation regulator ICAO                      • Direct advocacy with EU policymakers
                                              • To influence UK, Spanish, Irish, EU and        over proposed EU ‘Fit for 55’ climate
                                                global policies                                policies
                                              • To increase research and funding for
                                                low-carbon aircraft, SAF and carbon
                                                removal technologies
Customers                                     • To demonstrate IAG’s sustainability          • British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia and
                                                commitments to action, initiatives and         Vueling continued and updated
                                                leadership                                     sustainability communications to
                                              • To facilitate passenger action on the          customers
                                                environment
                                              • To stay attuned to changing customer
                                                demands
                                              • To offer employment opportunities
Workforce                                     • To align individual airline sustainability   • Occupational Health and Engagement
                                                programmes with Group                          Surveys across the Group
                                              • To share ideas and best practice             • Frequent sustainability presentations at
                                              • To respond to demands from internal            internal forums
                                                stakeholders                                 • Vueling created a new Vision, Mission and
                                              • To drive positive employee engagement          Values which included sustainability
                                              • To improve recruitment and retention
                                                opportunities




70    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Stakeholders                       Why we engage                                 Key 2021 activities
Suppliers                          • To minimise exposure to ESG risks           • Interviews and surveys of key suppliers as
                                   • To support manufacturers in improving         part of materiality assessment
                                     aircraft efficiency                         • IAG GBS appointed EcoVadis to track
                                   • To gain support for SAF                       supplier environmental performance
                                   • To identify opportunities to reduce
                                     supplier emissions
Shareholders and other financial   • To understand their approach to ESG, to     • Completed ESG investor survey
stakeholders                         enable us to better align our programmes    • 2021 and 2020 CDP scores A-
                                     with their priorities                       • 2021 TPI score the joint-highest of any
                                   • To demonstrate action and leadership          airline
                                     externally                                  • British Airways receives first financial loan
                                   • To maintain and increase transparency         linked to ESG targets.
                                   • To respond to legal obligations
Communities                        • To support vulnerable or under-served       • Multiple IAG airlines supported efforts to
                                     communities via charitable causes             distribute COVID-19 vaccines and aid
                                   • To increase IAG’s positive wider impacts    • €2.7 million raised for charitable causes
                                   • To minimise potentially negative impacts    • See Section C.5. ’Community engagement
                                     of aircraft operations, such as noise and     and charitable support’
                                     air pollution, on quality of life in
                                     communities near to where airlines
                                     operate
NGOs and academic institutions     • For independent reviews of materiality      • Updated Group materiality assessment
                                   • To maintain an informed position on         • Continued engagement with Cranfield
                                     sustainability leadership                     University supporting a range of
                                   • To share sustainability expertise for the     sustainability projects
                                     benefit of industry progress on the         • Engaged with the Science Based Targets
                                     environment                                   initiative (SBTi) as one of 11 airlines on the
                                                                                   aviation Technical Working Group and
                                                                                   one of 84 companies to road-test the
                                                                                   SBTi Net Zero Standard




                                                         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021             71
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
A. PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE




                                                                             Stance on climate
Member of organisation                            Scope of organisation      change*                    2021 role and leadership action

Sustainable Aviation (SA)                         UK                        Consistent                 • IAG is one of twelve members of the SA
                                                                                                         Council, which governs activities for
                                                                                                         36 member organisations
                                                                                                       • Part of working group which developed
                                                                                                         new 2030 and 2040 emissions targets
Jet Zero Council (JZC)                            UK                        Consistent                 • IAG staff chair two of the four groups:
                                                                                                         SAF Delivery Group, COP26 subgroup
                                                                                                       • British Airways CEO a member
Royal Aeronautical Society (RAeS)                 UK                        Consistent**               • IAG on Executive Committee of Greener
                                                                                                         by Design group
Grupo Español para el Crecimiento                 Spain                     Consistent                 • Iberia is one of 53 corporate members
Verde
Airlines 4 Europe (A4E)                           European                  Consistent                 • IAG actively supported development of
                                                                                                         Destination 2050 net zero roadmap for
                                                                                                         European aviation, organised by five
                                                                                                         aviation industry organisations
Coalition for Negative Emissions                  Global                    Consistent                 • One of eleven founding members and
                                                                                                         seven steering group members
                                                                                                       • Active contributor to landmark Case for
                                                                                                         Negative Emissions report, produced in
                                                                                                         collaboration with McKinsey
oneworld                                          Global                    Consistent                 • IAG representative chairs Environment
                                                                                                         and Sustainability Best Practice Group
                                                                                                         (ESB) consisting of 14 airlines
                                                                                                       • Coordinated first roadmap to net zero
                                                                                                       • Coordinated 10 per cent SAF by 2030
                                                                                                         commitment
Air Transport Action Group (ATAG)                 Global                    Consistent                 • Five staff formally acknowledged for
                                                                                                         contributions to Waypoint 2050 global
                                                                                                         decarbonisation roadmap
World Economic Forum                              Global                    Consistent                 • Contributed expertise to SAF evidence
                                                                                                         base as part of Cleaner Skies for
                                                                                                         Tomorrow coalition
                                                                                                       • Supported 10 per cent SAF by 2030
                                                                                                         ambition statement
IATA                                              Global                    Consistent                 • IAG representative chairs the IATA
                                                                                                         Sustainability and Environment Advisory
                                                                                                         Council (SEAC) of 20 airlines. IATA
                                                                                                         represents 290 airlines
                                                                                                       • Representatives on four IATA working
                                                                                                         groups – SAF, Fuels, Long-Term Targets,
                                                                                                         Waste
* In relation to aiming for net zero emissions by 2050. The approaches for achieving this goal can vary by organisation.
** Based on the Greener by Design objectives on their website.




72     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
A.6. Supply chain sustainability
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 308-2, GRI 414-2. Supports SDG 12


In 2021, IAG led the industry by becoming         From insight to action                            Social and corporate governance is also a
the first airline group worldwide to extend       Transparency in sustainable supply chain          high priority. We expect our suppliers to
its net zero commitment to its supply             performance is right at the top of the IAG        provide a safe and healthy environment for
chain. The Group will liaise with, support        GBS Procurement agenda. We will work              their workforce. Supplier selection
and monitor suppliers to ensure net zero          with EcoVadis to assess our suppliers             considers potential industry and
emissions by 2050 for products and                against a range of measures and identify          geographical risk and where necessary
services provided to IAG.                         opportunities to improve our sustainable          on-site audits are carried out. These audits
                                                  performance. This will give IAG, and its          are performed by independent inspectors
IAG Global Business Services (IAG GBS)
                                                  suppliers, a baseline for collaboration on        with CSR expertise using the SEDEX
manages the relationships and interactions
                                                  emissions reduction and achievement of            Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA)
with suppliers on behalf of the Group. This
                                                  the Scope 3 targets. We want to work with         methodology. In 2021, 30 audits were
important supply chain sustainability
                                                  suppliers who share our vision and want to        completed.
programme is being delivered by the IAG
GBS Group Procurement Team, with                  join us in this vitally important work.           As a minimum, all suppliers undergo
relationship owners and buyers closely            Additionally, suppliers can share the             bi-annual screening for any legal, social,
involved in the collaboration with suppliers.     findings of the EcoVadis assessment with          environmental and financial risks. The
                                                  their other customers via a simple                Procurement and Compliance Teams
Opportunities for impact                          scorecard, meaning that the overall impact        assess any suppliers identified as having
The Group supply chain covers                     of this work could reach well beyond IAG.         potentially higher levels of risk and
approximately 13,272 suppliers across
                                                  The Supply Chain Sustainability                   implement a mitigation plan where
every category. Working with key partners,
                                                  Programme includes four other key pillars:        necessary. Any issues are flagged to the
including fuel suppliers, the business will
                                                                                                    risk owners within the Group to jointly take
target Scope 3 net zero emissions by              • Code of Conduct
                                                                                                    appropriate action.
2050, and a 20 per cent reduction by              • Risk screening
2030 relative to 2019. In 2021, Scope 3                                                             In 2022, sustainability will be a key part of
                                                  • Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
emissions are 23 per cent of IAG’s total                                                            the IAG GBS continuous transformation
                                                    Audits
CO2 and 68 per cent of Scope 3 emissions                                                            plan. As well as continuing the measures
                                                  • Joint programmes to promote
relate to fuel and energy.                                                                          outlined above, the plan includes
                                                    sustainability initiatives
                                                                                                    embedding sustainability KPIs into
In 2021 the Group appointed EcoVadis, a
                                                  The IAG GBS Supplier Code of Conduct              procurement processes and the criteria for
market-leading provider of business
                                                  clarifies the standards of behaviour              awarding new business to suppliers. We
sustainability ratings, to support us in
                                                  expected from all suppliers working with          are also developing a wider training
understanding every aspect of
                                                  any part of our business, emphasising the         programme for employees, building
sustainability in our supply chain, including
                                                  importance of sustainability. It has already      sustainability awareness and driving higher
environment, labour and human rights, and
                                                  been issued to the existing supply chain          sustainability performance across the
ethics.
                                                  and integrated into the supplier                  entire organisation.
                                                  onboarding process. IAG will only work
                                                  with businesses that share our standards
                                                  and ways of working.


                                                                                   Suppliers with
                               Total number of                             additional compliance    Critical suppliers under   Independent CSR
Year                                  suppliers       Suppliers screened              assessment    regular risk monitoring        Audits in year
2021                                   13,272                     13,272                   1,510                        34                   30
2020                                   22,947                    22,947                     1,818                        35                   25
2019                                   27,033                     18,369                   2,912                        n/a                   28

Related risk: Supply chain sustainability compliance
Risk description/impact                           Mitigating actions
Potential breach of compliance on              • IAG GBS procedures including Integrity, sanctions and CSR audits, IAG Know Your
sustainability, human rights or anti-bribery by Counterparty due diligence for higher-risk third parties, Supplier Code of Conduct
an IAG supplier resulting in financial         • Internal governance on supplier management to identify challenges and mitigation
penalties, legal, environmental, social and/or   actions
reputational impacts.                          • Supplier screening using external business intelligence databases which actively
                                                 monitor supplier status and flag risks including sustainability




                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          73
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
A. PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE




A.7. Ethics and integrity
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-16, 102-17, 205-1, 205-2, 205-3


All Directors and employees are expected       In 2021, a total of 164 Speak Up reports       supplemented by face-to-face sessions as
to act with integrity and in accordance        were received via the Group’s                  necessary. Individual training requirements
with the laws of the countries in which        independently provided Speak Up facilities,    are set by each operating company and
they operate.                                  compared with 193 in 2020.                     function and are determined by factors
                                                                                              such as the level and responsibilities of an
IAG’s Group Code of Conduct, issued in         These reports concerned issues relating to
                                                                                              employee. The Group-wide anti-bribery
2019 and approved by the Board, sets out       employment matters (60 per cent),
                                                                                              e-learning was rolled out in 2019.
the general guidelines that govern the         dishonest behaviour/reputation (14 per
                                                                                              Employees are required to complete this
conduct of all Directors and employees of      cent), health and safety (23 per cent) and
                                                                                              every three years. In 2021, 1,404 employees
the Group when carrying out their duties in    regulatory matters (2 per cent). All reports
                                                                                              completed the anti-bribery e-learning, This
their business and professional                were followed up and investigated where
                                                                                              lower number is as expected due to those
relationships. Mandatory training and          appropriate.
                                                                                              employees who have previously
communications activities are carried out
                                               Anti-corruption and anti-money                 completed the training not being required
for Directors, employees and third parties
                                               laundering                                     to retrain.
on a regular basis to maintain awareness
                                               IAG and its operating companies do not
and understanding of the principles that                                                      To identify, manage and mitigate potential
                                               tolerate any form of bribery or corruption.
govern the conduct of the Group.                                                              bribery and corruption risks, IAG uses
                                               This is made clear in the Group Code of
                                                                                              risk-based-third-party due diligence which
If any employee has a concern about            Conduct and supporting policies which are
                                                                                              includes screenings, external reports,
unethical behaviour or organisational          available to all Directors and employees.
                                                                                              interviews and site visits depending on the
integrity, they are encouraged to first        An anti-bribery policy statement is also set
                                                                                              level of risk that a third party presents. Any
speak with their manager or a member of        out in our Supplier Code of Conduct.
                                                                                              risks identified during the due diligence
the Legal, Compliance or Human
                                               Each Group operating company has a             process are analysed and a mitigation plan
Resources teams. Similarly, suppliers are
                                               Compliance Department responsible for          put in place as necessary. Certain risks
encouraged to contact their primary
                                               managing the anti-bribery programme in         could result in termination of the proposed
contact within the business. IAG maintains
                                               their business. The compliance teams from      or existing relationship with the
Speak Up channels provided by
                                               across the Group meet regularly through        counterparty. The IAG Audit and
independent third-party providers, Safecall
                                               Working Groups and Steering Groups,            Compliance Committee receives an annual
and Ethicspoint, where concerns can be
                                               under the IAG General Counsel, and             update on the anti-bribery compliance
raised on an anonymous basis. These
                                               annually they conduct a review of bribery      programme.
Speak Up channels are available to
                                               risks at operating company and Group
members of staff as well as suppliers, with                                                   There were no legal cases regarding
                                               level.
information on how to access published in                                                     corruption brought against the Group and
the Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of       In 2021, the main risks identified were        its operating companies in 2021 and
Conduct respectively.                          unchanged from the previous year and           management is not aware of any
                                               relate to the use of third parties,            impending cases or underlying issues.
The IAG Audit and Compliance Committee
                                               operational and commercial decisions
reviews the effectiveness of the Speak Up                                                     IAG has processes and procedures in place
                                               involving government agencies, and the
channels on an annual basis. This annual                                                      across the Group, such as supplier vetting
                                               inappropriate use of gifts and hospitality.
review considers the volume of reports by                                                     and management, Know Your
                                               No material compliance breaches were
category; timeliness of follow-up; process                                                    Counterparty procedures and financial
                                               identified in 2021.
and responsibility for follow-up; emerging                                                    policies and controls which help to combat
themes and lessons; and any issues raised      Anti-bribery and corruption training is        money laundering in the business.
of significance to the financial statements    mandatory for all relevant personnel in IAG
or reputation of the Group or other areas      operating companies, Group functions and
of compliance.                                 the Board and takes the form of e-learning


                                                                                                    vly       2021        2020        2019
Employees completing anti-bribery e-learning                                                      -29%       1,404       1,984       7,933




74    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
B. Planet


B.1. Climate change and TCFD disclosures
IAG was pleased to be an early adopter of Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidance. A high-level summary
of TCFD-aligned activities is below.

TCFD section     Current TCFD-aligned activities and processes                 Planned activities
Governance       Board oversight of programmes via SECR Committee;             Regular SECR meetings planned for 2022; materiality
                 appointed CPCASO; multiple layers of governance;              assessment to be repeated by 2024
                 repeated materiality assessment for 2023 and 2030
Strategy         Delivering on 2019 Flightpath Net Zero strategy;              Implementing new sustainability strategy approved in
                 TCFD-aligned scenario analysis carried out in 2018 and        December 2021, rolling TCFD-aligned scenario analysis,
                 2021                                                          further integration of climate strategy into financial
                                                                               planning
Risk             Sustainable aviation risks are treated as a principal risk;   Further work on risk quantification and further integration
management       risk disclosures received ‘A’ rating from CDP                 of climate-related impacts into financial planning
Metrics and      Clear metrics and targets for 2025, 2030 and 2050; first      Re-introduction of management remuneration targets. A
targets          airline to set a net zero Scope 3 emissions target            focus on performance improvements and policy
                                                                               advocacy to support delivery of existing targets


IAG has made climate-related disclosures consistent with the eleven recommendations of the TCFD listed below. More details are in the
relevant sections.

TCFD recommendation                                                                                                Relevant section/s
Governance: Disclose the organisation’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
A. Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.                                      A.2., A.4.
B. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.

Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s businesses,
strategy and financial planning where such information is material.
A. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation has identified over the short, medium, A.4., B.1.3., ‘Risk
and long term.                                                                                                  management,
                                                                                                                Principal risks and
B. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organisation’s businesses, strategy
                                                                                                                uncertainties’,
and financial planning.
                                                                                                                ‘Stakeholder
C. Describe the resilience of the organisation’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related  engagement’
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
                                                                                                                Business model
                                                                                                                   B.1.2.
Risk management: Disclose how the organisation identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.
A. Describe the organisation’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.                      A.4., B.1.3.
B. Describe the organisation’s processes for managing climate-related risks.                                       ‘Risk management,
                                                                                                                   Principal risks and
C. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into
                                                                                                                   uncertainties’
the organisation’s overall risk management.
Metrics and targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities
where such information is material.
A. Disclose the metrics used by the organisation to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with    B.1.4., B.1.6.
its strategy and risk management process.
B. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks.
C. Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and
performance against targets.




                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       75
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.1.1. Governance
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TCFD Governance a, b

     See “Principles of Governance” section for sustainability-related governance, which includes climate-related governance.


     B.1.2. Strategy – scenario analysis
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TCFD Strategy c


In 2021, IAG conducted analyses modelling          Companies choose emissions scenarios for           This exercise identified that key potential
climate risk scenarios. These included             this analysis. In 2018 IAG chose a 4°C and         impacts were industry-wide policy and
ongoing analysis of climate mitigation to          2°C scenario. In 2021, a 3°C, 1.5°C orderly1,      market shifts. Significant uncertainty also
2050, detailed modelling of the impacts of         and 1.5°C disorderly scenario were used.           exists around the global policy, technology
the EU Fit for 55 proposals to 2035; and           This change was based on the impacts of            and market pathways for aligning with
TCFD-aligned scenario analysis under a             the latest global emission pledges versus          1.5°C by 2030.
timeframe of 2030.                                 the goal of the 2015 Paris Agreement.
                                                                                                      The business is broadly resilient to the
TCFD analysis is a formal process to               Scenario workshops were hosted virtually           identified impacts, based on Flightpath Net
identify ways to strengthen organisational         to engage IAG representatives in the UK,           Zero plans. However, there are further
resilience in the face of climate change and       Ireland and Spain. A wide range of teams           opportunities to maximise resilience to
related impacts. TCFD guidance outlines a          were represented including Strategy,               wider societal changes. These results
six-step process, where scenarios assess           Treasury, Finance, Government Affairs,             informed our climate-related risk
climate-related impacts on business input          Commercial Planning, Investor Relations,           assessment and disclosures.
costs, operating costs, revenues, supply           People, IAG Tech, IAG GBS, IAG Loyalty
                                                                                                      In December 2021, the SSG also agreed
chain, and business interruption. Potential        and sustainability representatives from all
                                                                                                      that TCFD-aligned scenario analysis would
responses are then mapped out in terms of          operating airlines.
                                                                                                      become a rolling exercise from 2022
changes to business model/s, portfolio
                                                   Four categories of TCFD-aligned climate            onwards. Ten year time horizons would be
mix, investments in transition capabilities
                                                   impacts were explored – physical, market,          further embedded into sustainability-
and technologies and the potential impact
                                                   technology, and policy.                            related planning wherever relevant.
on strategic and financial plans.

B.1.3. Climate-related risk management
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TCFD Risk Management a, b, c

     See ”A.4. Sustainability risk management”
     See “Risk management, Principal risks and uncertainties”


IAG takes a proactive approach to                  A revised summary of risks, trends and             the mitigation of these risks and other
managing climate-related risks and is              potential impacts over short-, medium-             measures will be reviewed.
committed to managing the regulatory,              and long-term timescales are disclosed on
reputational, market and technology                the next page. The risk environment has
aspects of these.                                  changed and this is reflected in the
                                                   updated set of risks.
In 2021, IAG Sustainability and the ERM
team undertook a review of all climate-            Trends and the external environment
related risks and opportunities. This was          continue to be reviewed on an ongoing
informed by the materiality assessment             basis. Mitigating actions are also reviewed
and TCFD scenario analysis.                        on an ongoing basis. Carbon reduction
                                                   targets are the key measures for assessing




1 ”Orderly” and ”disorderly” as defined in the TCFD report ”Guidance on Scenario Analysis for Non-Financial Companies”. These scenarios compare
  smooth and idealised climate-related changes with variable, abrupt and disjointed changes.



76      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Revised summary of risk trends
Risk trends below are grouped by risk type. Short term is 1-2 years, medium term is 3-5 years, long term is more than 5 years.
Primary
TCFD risk
type               Risk description                                                                            Timeframe          Trend
Market             *Loss of ESG-conscious customers                                                             Short term

                   Perceptions of aviation industry CO2 progress                                                Medium term

                   Viability of offset projects                                                                 Medium term

Physical           *Resilience to acute weather events                                                          Short term

                   Reduced flying to chronically climate-affected destinations                                  Long term

Policy             *EU Fit for 55 and UK climate policy                                                         Medium term

                   *Carbon pricing                                                                              Medium term

                   Policy asymmetry                                                                             Medium term

                   Extra regulation on activity not emissions                                                   Long term

                   *Lack of supporting SAF infrastructure or policy                                             Medium term

                   Regulation on non-CO2 effects                                                                Long term

Technology Use of lower-emission technologies                                                                   Medium term

                   Use of lower-emission sources of energy                                                      Long term

* Risks as described in the ‘Risk management, Principal risks and uncertainties’ section.

Summary of climate-related risk impacts and mitigation/adaptation
    See the table above for risk trends. Specific risks are mitigated through existing processes, additional investments, or specific strategies as
    outlined in the table below. The potential for further mitigating actions is reviewed on an ongoing basis.

Market risks
Loss of ESG-conscious customers
Risk description                      Potential financial impacts    Mitigating/adapting actions
• ESG concerns becoming               • Lost revenue due to          • IAG refined Group ESG messaging to clarify stances to external
  an increasing factor in               corporate or leisure           stakeholders
  customer choices may                  passengers reducing          • Continued operating company engagement and collaboration with
  mean they choose to                   flying, or travelling with     corporate customers to identify and address potential environmental
  travel less frequently,               other airlines perceived       desires or concerns in advance of changes in behaviour
  less far, or choose                   to be greener.               • British Airways launched the BA Better World programme in 2021,
  different travel modes.                                              including a voluntary SAF offer to customers and updated
  Corporates may travel                                                communications across multiple channels
  less to meet internal
                                                                     • Iberia planned new communications for 2022
  emission targets.
                                                                     • Aer Lingus launched a new sustainability webpage outlining its ESG
• A potential loss of
                                                                       efforts
  customers to other
                                                                     • Vueling launched an external sustainability challennge to engage
  airlines with more
                                                                       customers
  comprehensive ESG
  programmes.                                                        • IAG Loyalty began integrating sustainability objectives into the Avios
                                                                       proposition
This risk presents an opportunity for IAG to differentiate its brands by showing leadership, innovation and action to mitigate climate
impacts, so attracting climate-conscious corporates and agreeing deals to support green solutions.




                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021            77
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




Perceptions of aviation industry CO2 progress
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Perceptions that industry    Lost revenue due to        • Working to accelerate wider industry progress through trade
action is at odds with       corporate and leisure        associations, by supporting new commitments and roadmaps to net
national or international    passengers choosing not to   zero emissions at national, regional and global levels, building
climate goals and publicly   fly. Costs from extra        momentum for a net zero target at ICAO in 2022
stated ESG progress, could regulation as described on • Building global momentum around 2030 SAF ambitions of at least 10
lead to more restrictive     the next page.               per cent, to enable more passengers to reduce emissions from flights
policies, loss of customers
or funding, or industry-wide
reputational impacts.

This risk presents an opportunity for IAG to show faster progress than the industry and to attract funding and customers relative to
peers.

Viability of offset projects
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Offset projects around the Additional compliance costs • Working in collaboration with key reputable partners such as the
world are used for CORSIA under UK and EU ETS or            not-for-profit charity Pure Leapfrog
compliance and voluntary       CORSIA programmes, or      • Carrying out due diligence to select reputable providers and carbon
IAG and customer               increased costs associated   reduction projects that meet and align with verified quality standards
offsetting. Spikes in prices   with use of voluntary        such as Gold Standard and Verified Carbon Standard (VCS)
or sudden changes in the       offsets.                   • Using an effective procurement strategy for carbon credits to protect
availability or credibility of                              against price volatility
these projects could
                                                          • Engaging with external organisations like CORSIA and SBTi to clarify
increase costs, or negatively
                                                            and refine offset eligibility criteria
impact the ability to meet
net emissions targets,
damaging credibility.

Physical risks
Resilience to acute weather events
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Potential low resilience to  Lost revenue due to             • Operating airlines continuing to manage multiple forms of disruption
increased frequency of       weather-related disruption,       across IAG’s global network within existing roles and processes, such as
acute weather events such or increased operational             flight operations departments and customer call centres
as high winds, fog events,   costs due to physical           • Continuing to work closely with IATA and other industry bodies to
storms, turbulence,          impacts, that are unable to       better understand e.g. the impacts and locations of turbulence and how
sustained extreme heat       be effectively mitigated or       the business can mitigate these
events or a stronger jet     planned for.
stream could increase
operating costs by
increasing delays, fuel burn
and requiring additional
cooling and maintenance
costs above planned spend.
Local climate-related
circumstances such as fires,
algal blooms and droughts
could make destinations
temporarily less attractive.




78     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Reduced flying to chronically affected destinations
Risk description             Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Chronic changes in weather   Revenue loss in a scenario    • Operational and network development teams continuing to assess and
and physical impacts of      where no changes have           understand changes in customer demand globally and managing
climate change such as       been made to the route          network developments and flight schedules to respond to such changes
flooding, drought, forest    network in the face of        • Analysis of historical weather-related impacts to support future planning
fires, heat waves, algal     changing physical impacts.    • TCFD-aligned scenario analysis to better understand potential physical
blooms, coral bleaching,                                     impacts of climate change in future, and the potential locations of this
rising sea levels and                                        e.g. more turbulence on transatlantic flights, fires in Meditteranean
reduced snow cover in ski                                    destinations, and hurricanes in the Caribbean
destinations could make
certain destinations less
desirable and impact
customer demand.

Policy risks
Carbon pricing

Risk description             Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
IAG carries passengers       Additional compliance costs • Minimising emissions and so exposure to carbon pricing, via the
within the UK and Europe,    under UK and EU ETS.          Flightpath Net Zero programme
where aviation emissions                                 • Operating airlines factoring carbon prices into operational decisions
are subject to carbon prices                             • Fleet team using up-to-date models of carbon prices to inform fleet-
due to the UK and EU                                       purchasing decisions
Emissions Trading Schemes.
                                                         • Using an effective procurement strategy for carbon allowances and
Increases in carbon unit
                                                           offsets to protect against price volatility
prices above planned levels,
or unplanned exposure to
carbon pricing, could mean
increasing operating costs.

EU Fit for 55 and UK climate policy
Risk description             Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Current and proposed UK       Lost demand due to          • Minimising emissions and so exposure to climate-related policies
and EU policy includes an     potential passthrough of    • Responding to the 2021 ReFuelEU consultation and UK SAF Mandate
intra-EU kerosene tax, SAF significantly higher             consultation to minimise the risks of any mandates creating competitive
mandates, and non-            compliance costs to           distortion or carbon emissions from other flights or regions
implementation of CORSIA customers. Traffic lost to       • IAG Government Affairs engaging in direct advocacy with EU policy-
on intra-EU flights. Policy   non-EU carriers which don’t   makers and via trade associations SA, A4E and IATA to try to ensure
risks include layering        face the same costs.          finalised policies address climate change in an effective and fair way
(airlines paying for the same
carbon twice) and
competitive distortion
between EU and non-EU
carriers. Taxes increase
compliance and operating
costs without leading to
lower CO2 emissions.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     79
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




Policy asymmetry and patchwork

Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
A patchwork of differing       Additional compliance          • Advocacy for a global policy approach based on carbon pricing, by
national and regional          costs, and loss of traffic and   building momentum for a global net zero target for aviation to be
carbon regulations could       revenue due to competitive       agreed at the ICAO General Assembly in 2022. Actions include
lead to duplication of         distortion i.e. other carriers   supporting a European roadmap to net zero and oneworld roadmap to
compliance costs and           not experiencing the same        net zero and convergence around a 10 per cent SAF ambition by 2030
effects that distort           costs.                         • Continuing to support the UN CORSIA scheme as part of policy
competition                                                     advocacy at national and regional levels
between airlines.                                             • Allocating resources to engage with governments, trade associations,
                                                                IATA and ICAO

Extra regulation on activity not emissions
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
The UK Climate Change          Lost revenue due to lower • Working via Sustainable Aviation to set 2030 and 2040 net reduction
Committee has                  flying activity, and potential   targets and demonstrating credible industry pathways to net zero
recommended aviation           operational costs due to         without the need for demand management
demand management by           need to shrink operations      • Advocacy for a global policy approach based on carbon pricing, by
2050 in the sixth carbon       relative to plan or absorb or    supporting European and oneworld roadmaps to build momentum for a
budget. While the UK           pass through additional          global net zero target for aviation to be agreed at the ICAO General
government has not             costs.                           Assembly in 2022
adopted this approach, it                                     • Allocating resources to engage with governments, trade associations,
remains a potential risk in                                     IATA and ICAO
the long term. Other
long-term risks include
enforced fleet renewal,
additional taxes and
frequent flyer levies, which
are costly and ineffective
policies for reducing CO2.

Lack of supporting SAF infrastructure or policy
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
Meeting UK and EU SAF          Higher UK and EU ETS          • Building global momentum for SAF ambitions and policies by working
mandates and IAG SAF           compliance costs if SAF         with trade associations
commitment in 2030 is          supply cannot meet            • Through JZC, lobbying for UK government support in the form of loan
partly contingent on           demand or mandated              guarantees and financial support for first-of-a-kind SAF plants, and a
adequate policy support. A     volumes.                        price stability mechanism to reduce risks for investors
potential lack of supporting                                 • €8.6 million invested in 2021 as part of $400 million SAF commitment,
government policy to                                           along with multiple SAF projects in multiple regions to secure future
enable infrastructure could                                    supply and a procurement strategy to minimise price-related risks
limit SAF supply, leading to
SAF imports with lower
sustainability performance,
or higher ETS costs or
reputational damage.




80     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Regulation on non-CO2 effects
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/adapting actions
EU or other policy makers      Lost revenue due to             • Working through trade association SA and research partnerships with
taking a punitive approach     industry demand impact of         the RAeS to identify actionable solutions to reduce non-CO2 impacts
to reducing non-CO2            higher compliance costs,        • A 2030 SAF commitment to accelerate uptake of SAF, which early
impacts, by incorporating      applied to all airlines not just external research suggests reduces non-CO2 effects
them into climate              IAG.
compliance schemes and
climate-neutral policy
objectives, which could
increase compliance or
operating costs.

Technology risks/opportunities
Use of lower-emission technologies
Risk/Opportunity description   Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/enabling actions
Potential low supply of new Limited ability to access or • €10.8 billion committed for deliveries of 110 new fuel-efficient aircraft
zero-emissions technology scale-up new technologies          between 2022-27
meaning its use is restricted could lead to increased      • Hangar 51 platform making early investments in innovative companies to
across the industry or is not operating costs and carbon     accelerate their development e.g. work with ZeroAvia
available to IAG. Suppliers   compliance costs relative to • Ongoing horizon scanning by IAG Tech for new technologies and
not being ready to use new competitors.                      opportunities for ventures investment
technology means uptake is
                              Lower fuel and compliance • A dedicated sustainability category in the Group ten-week accelerator
low or costly.
                              costs from a fleet averaging   programmes, to identify low-carbon innovators to work with
                              80g CO2/pkm, the Group
                              2025 target
There is an opportunity to make use of latest-generation aircraft, which can reduce fuel burn and carbon impact by 15 to 40 per cent
compared with the aircraft they replace.

Use of lower-emission sources of energy
Risk description               Potential financial impacts   Mitigating/enabling actions
Potentially limited global   Additional operating costs      • Ongoing investments as part of $400 million SAF commitment, along
supplies of SAF could affect and compliance costs.             with multiple SAF projects to secure future supply
the ability to uptake SAF in                                 • IAG staff chairing the SAF Delivery Group of the JZC, lobbying for a
the EU ETS and meet IAG                                        price stability mechanism to reduce risks to investors of scaling up SAF
2030 SAF commitment.                                           supply and securing UK Government support to incentivise 10 per cent
This could also lead to                                        SAF in 2030
reputational damage.                                         • An effective IAG SAF procurement strategy to secure early supply and
                                                               minimise price-related risks
Securing supplies of sustainable fuel presents a commercial and environmental opportunity, reducing operating costs relative to other
carriers and reducing compliance costs for CORSIA and the UK and EU ETS.




                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        81
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.1.4. Metrics
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 301-1, 302-1, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-5. TCFD Metrics and Targets a, b,
c
IAG tracks and verifies Scope 1, 2 and 3          IAG discloses methane (CH4) and nitrous                IAG focuses on reducing CO2 from jet fuel
CO2-equivalent (CO2e) emissions.                  oxide (N2O) as Scope 1 non-CO2                         use, as this represents 99.6 per cent of
                                                  greenhouse gases (GHGs), in line with                  CO2e emissions.
Emissions are calculated by multiplying
                                                  these conversion factors.
fuel and energy use by appropriate                                                                       Renewable energy was 0.5 per cent of
conversion factors that are aligned with          Emissions were 65 per cent below 2019                  total energy use due to the low availability
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate            levels due to COVID-related impacts, and               of sustainable jet fuel. Renewable
Change (IPCC) Fourth Assessment Report.           are expected to rise as flying demand                  electricity was 86 per cent of electricity
                                                  recovers. However, internal forecasts                  use.
2021 UK Government conversion factors
                                                  suggest 2019 could represent peak
are applied across the Group as these are                                                                UK energy use was 55 per cent of total
                                                  emissions, due to future use of a more
deemed to be the most robust available.                                                                  IAG energy use, based on British Airways
                                                  fuel-efficient fleet and greater use of SAF.
                                                                                                         Scope 1 emissions and Group electricity
                                                                                                         use in UK-based offices.
                                                                                                                           5%      3%
                                                                                                                           174,708 81,017
                                                                                                                         11%
                                                                                                                     369,718

Total GHG emissions in tonnes CO2e1                                 Scope 3 GHG emissions in tonnes CO2e1 13%
                                                                                                                 424,000        TOTAL               68%
                                                                                                                                 3,316,005          2,266,561


                                                                            5%      3%
         Scope 1                            Scope 2                         174,708 81,017
 10,918,247 – 76.7%                         0.1%
                 CO2                        8,440
                                                                          11%
         10,809,339                                                   369,718                                       Fuel and energy-related activities
                N2O         TOTAL                                      13%
                                                                                                                    Capital goods
             102,150
                 CH4
                            14,242,692
                               100%                               424,000        TOTAL               68%            Franchises
                                                                                  3,316,005          2,266,561      Downstream transport and distribution
               6,758
                                                                                                                    All other Scope 3 categories
                                            Scope 3
                                            23.3%
                                            3,316,005

                                                                     Fuel and energy-related activities
                                                                     Capital goods
1 Scope 1 MWh is 41,960,297, Scope 2 MWh is 189,013.                 Franchises
                                                                     Downstream transport and distribution
Commentary on key metrics                                            All other Scope 3 categories
Metric        Description                                                                  Commentary
Gross         Direct emissions associated with IAG operations including use of             2021 emissions remained low due to low flying
Scope 1       jet fuel, diesel, petrol, natural gas, and halon. Sources of emissions       activity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
emissions     include aircraft engines, boilers, auxiliary power units and ground
              vehicle engines. SAF use is counted as a reduction in gross
              emissions in line with globally recognised accounting standards
Scope 2       Indirect emissions associated with electricity use in ground                 The 19% decrease in location-based emissions was
emissions     facilitites like offices, lounges, data centres and hangars. Market-         driven by lower electricity use and greener national
              based emissions are based on the carbon intensity of electricity             electricity grids e.g. from lower use of coal.
              purchased from suppliers. Location-based emissions are based on
                                                                                           Where the electricity use of overseas offices was
              the carbon intensity of national electricity grids.
                                                                                           not available, kWh was based on leased space in m2,
              CO2e is calculated using gCO2e/kWh factors from national                     multiplied by relevant kWh/m2 factors based on
              agencies in the UK, Ireland and Spain, and IEA national electricity          historical data.
              emissions factors.
Scope 3       Indirect emissions associated with products IAG buys and sells.              81% of Scope 3 emissions relate to fuel use and
emissions     Twelve out of fifteen Scope 3 categories, as defined by the GRI,             aircraft deliveries and retirements. Total Scope 3
              are relevant to IAG. Detailed descriptions of these categories are in        emissions remained low due to low business
              the Additional Disclosures section of the IAG NFIS.                          activity.




82       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Key carbon footprint metric                                  Unit          vly      v2019         2021        2020         2019         2018         2017
Scope 1 CO2e                                           MT CO2e            -1%       -65%         10.92        11.02       30.13*      29.99         28.76
Net Scope 1 CO2e                                       MT CO2e           -4%        -62%        10.50        10.85       26.95*       27.22         26.17
Scope 2 location-based                                  kt CO2e         -19%        -47%          39.2        48.2*        68.6        70.4          92.6
Scope 2 market-based                                    kt CO2e          -9%         -57%          8.4          9.3*        21.7       40.7          61.9
Scope 3                                                MT CO2e           -9%        -60%          3.32        3.63*        8.20*       8.79          7.88


Other metric                                                Unit        % vly       v2019         2021       2020         2019         2018         2017
Flight-only emissions intensity                     gCO2/pkm1            -11%        +5%         94.6        106.2         89.8         91.5         92.3
Scope 2 emissions intensity                          gCO2/pkm           -28%        +55%         0.34         0.47*        0.20        0.22         0.28
Revenue per tonne CO2e                           €/tonne CO2e            +9%          -7%          771         705          827          811         796
Jet fuel2                                                MT fuel          -1%       -65%          3.42        3.45         9.65         9.41        9.02
Electricity                                          ‘000 MWh            -6%        -29%        189.0        200.1*       267.7*      234.9         253.2
Energy                                                 Mn MWh            +1%        -42%          42.1         41.9*       119.7       119.4        114.4
Renewable electricity                                          %          0%        +14%          86%         86%          72%         54%           54%
Renewable energy                                               %       +0.1%         0.3%        0.5%         0.4%        0.2%            nr           nr
Note: “nr” means “not reported”. * means restated using the latest robust data and assumptions.
Descriptions and commentary on other metrics is available in the ‘Additional Disclosures’ section of the IAG Non-Financial Information Statement.
1 pkm means “passenger-km” as defined in the commentary below.
2 SAF use was 2,350 tonnes of fuel in 2021 and delivered 6,506 tonnes of CO2 savings. See B.1.7. ‘Gross emissions reductions’


Commentary on key metrics
Metric         Description                                                       Commentary
Flight-only Grammes of CO2 per passenger kilometre (gCO2/pkm) is a The 11% improvement in 2021 is driven by a recovery in
emissions standard industry measure of flight fuel efficiency. It is      passenger load factors, although average load factors remain
intensity   calculated by dividing total jet fuel use by total passenger- below 2019 levels.
            km, assuming ten cargo-tonne-km is equivalent to one
                                                                          Average Group fuel efficiency is forecast to be below 90g
            passenger-km.
                                                                          CO2/pkm in 2022 and on track for the 2025 target of 80g
            For accuracy, IAG excludes the jet fuel used by franchises, CO2/pkm. IAG remains committed to the 2025 target.
            cargo carried on other airlines, and engine testing, and
            excludes no-show passengers.
               The passenger-km used in the 2021 calculation is
               77,280 million and the cargo-tonne-km is 3,656 million.
Net Scope Net emissions are calculated based on gross emissions                  2021 net emissions are reduced by 0.42 MT due to compliance
1 emissions and then subtracting any carbon savings from EU ETS                  with the UK, Swiss and EU ETS in addition to voluntary
            compliance obligations, volumes of offsets purchased to              offsetting by Group airlines and passengers.
            meet CORSIA compliance obligations, and the volumes of
                                                                                 Net emissions reductions are also expected to be achieved via
            offsets voluntarily purchased.
                                                                                 CORSIA credits when global international emissions rise above
               EU ETS allowances purchased from other sectors equate             2019 levels.
               to a net reduction as per European Commission guidance.
               IAG has been disclosing net emissions since 2017 using
               this methodology
Renewable The share of electricity generated by renewable sources     Renewable electricity use across the Group has increased by
electricity such as solar power and wind, based on volumes procured 32 percentage points since 2017. This percentage is expected
            from renewable electricity suppliers. In cases where data to increase in 2022. It will be difficult to attain 100% due to use
            on electricity sources was unavailable, the source of     of electricity supplied at airports and at overseas office
            electricity is assumed to be the national grid.           locations where renewable electricity is not available.




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               83
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.1.5. Transition plan
IAG recognises that all transport modes need to transition to net zero emissions to keep global warming below 1.5°C.
In 2019 IAG was the first airline group to sign the Business Ambition for 1.5°C Pledge and to commit to a transition to net zero
emissions by 2050. The IAG Flightpath Net Zero strategy included a 30-year emissions roadmap to meet this outcome as well as
short- and medium-term targets and a commitment to climate-related management incentives. The roadmap currently informs
ongoing scenario analysis, planning, strategy, and risk management. The latest scenario is shown below with key assumptions on the
next page.
IAG has also been a leader in developing aviation industry transition plans. It was the first airline group to support roadmaps to net zero
emissions across national, regional and global industry alliances, one of only two airlines worldwide to engage in both the SBTi
Technical Working Group for aviation targets and the road-testing of the SBTi Net Zero Standard, and one of only three airlines to be
acknowledged in the ATAG Waypoint 2050 work on global aviation decarbonisation. In 2021, via industry association SA, IAG staff
helped to develop and launch the first 2030 and 2040 climate targets for UK aviation: 20% and 40% net reductions respectively.
IAG will continue working with multiple industry partners, regulators, and stakeholders on pathways for aviation that support global
1.5°C ambitions, and to increase the ability of the industry to deliver emissions reductions.

                                                                                                  52                                        IAG is working to increase the contribution of
  Million tonnes CO2 (MT)                                                                                                                   gross emissions reductions to the net zero
                                                                                                       50%
                                                                            th                                                              target. Each roadmap version reflects this.
                                                                       grow
                                                                and
                                                           Dem


            31                                                                                                                              % of expected
                                                                                                                                            emissions reductions in     2021      2020      2019
                                                                                                                                            2050                      version   version   version



                                                                                                             Percentage CO2 reductions
                                                              Gro
                                                                  ss e
                                                                       mis                             30%
                                           22                             sio
                                                                                   ns
                                                                                                                                            New aircraft and
                                                             Ne                                                                             operations                  50%       45%       39%
                                                                 te
                                                                    mi                                                                      SAF                         30%       25%        18%
                                                                         ssi                      13
                                                                             ons



                                                                                                             (SAF is 60% of fuel in 2050)
                                                                                                       20%
                                                                                                                                            Carbon removals             20%       30%       43%



2015         2020         2025            2030       2035         2040                  2045   2050
       Demand growth        Gross emissions         Net emissions
       Sustainable aviation fuels (SAF)          New aircraft and operations
       Carbon removals                           Market-based measures and offsets
                                                 IAG climate targets


Pillar of carbon roadmap                                   Related actions to accelerate progress and innovation (also see Section B.1.9. ‘Innovation’)
New aircraft and operations                                • Ongoing fleet modernisation
                                                           • British Airways was the first airline worldwide to invest in hydrogen, with a Ventures
                                                             investment in ZeroAvia at the beginning of 2021
                                                           • Venture capital investment in i6 fuel management software company
Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF)                           • See ”Spotlight: Sustainable Aviation Fuel”
                                                           • Venture capital investment in leading sustainable fuels company Lanzatech
Market-based measures with offsets                         • Support for the global CORSIA scheme to limit net emissions from aviation
Carbon removals                                            • Horizon scanning of carbon capture and removal opportunities




84       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
B.1.6. Targets
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TR-AL-110a2. TCFD Metrics and targets c. Supports SDG 13

IAG’s net zero emissions by 2050 target will be delivered by working in collaboration with key stakeholders and proactively advocating
for supportive government policy and technology development. In this context, net zero emissions means that all CO2 that IAG
operations emit in a year will be balanced out by an equivalent amount of CO2 removed from the atmosphere.
IAG will review targets on non-CO2 impacts when the science around these becomes robust enough to attribute impacts and
reductions to individual airlines. Key actions to reduce non-CO2 impacts include greater uptake of SAF and route optimisation, and IAG
continues to explore these solutions through its trade associations.
IAG GBS is developing supply chain sustainability targets in conjunction with EcoVadis. To meet Scope 3 targets IAG will focus on
influencing change, identifying collaborative emissions reduction projects and phasing in contractual requirements. Some suppliers will
use a combination of gross and net reductions to meet their own targets and IAG plans to report more detail on this balance in future.
IAG remains committed to science-aligned targets. Independent guidance on 1.5°C-aligned targets for aviation has yet to be published
and we will review future guidance to ensure it accounts for the practical differences between aviation and other sectors. Where
possible, we will also work with the SBTi and other relevant stakeholders to build understanding of these differences and of industry
decarbonisation pathways.
IAG will continue working with other stakeholders to enable delivery of targets.
Current transition plan targets:
Base    Target
year    year     Target
2020 2020        Net zero CO2 emissions for all British Airways UK domestic flights from 2020 onwards. Achieved in 2020 and 2021.
2019    2025     11 per cent improvement in gross fuel efficiency. From 89.8g CO2/pkm in 2019 to 80g CO2/pkm in 2025.
2019    2030     10 per cent SAF. Equivalent to approximately 1 million tonnes of fuel in 2030.
2019    2030     20 per cent reduction in combined net Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions. From 27.6 MT in 2019 to 22 MT.
2019    2030     20 per cent reduction in net Scope 3 CO2 emissions. From 8.1 MT in 2019 to 6.5 MT.
2019    2050     Net zero Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Use of removals to mitigate any residual Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Operating company-specific climate targets for sustainability-linked loans
2019    2025     88.3g CO2/pkm in 2025 for British Airways, an 8 per cent reduction compared to 2019.

In January 2021, British Airways was the first airline worldwide to receive a loan linked explicitly to achievement of ESG targets.


Current transition plan assumptions:
The roadmap chart to the left represents a core Group scenario which assumes continued policy support for aviation decarbonisation,
an overall recovery to 2019 levels of passenger demand by 2023, and then annual demand growth aligned with industry growth
forecasts and external guidance. Scenario and cost analysis is ongoing.
Key roadmap updates in 2021 are:
• A 2040 introduction for zero-emission shorthaul aircraft, based on manufacturer announcements and certification timelines;
• 60 per cent SAF in 2050, based on policy moves in the UK, Europe and USA;
• Net emissions reductions via the compliance schemes the UK and EU ETS, CORSIA and voluntary offset projects;
• A clearer pathway to full use of carbon removals in 2050 for any residual emissions.
IAG is working with relevant stakeholders to accelerate progress in every pillar of the roadmap.
Delivery of current plans, dependent on appropriate policy support, will enable an approximately 70 per cent drop in gross emissions
by 2050 and an 80 per cent improvement in gross gCO2/pkm, relative to 2019. Only 10 per cent of total emissions reductions delivered
between 2020 and 2050 are expected to be from compliance and voluntary offset projects.
IAG will update this core roadmap scenario in 2022 to account for relevant business, policy, scientific and technology developments.




                                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   85
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.1.7. Gross emissions reductions and efficiency
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TR-AL-110a2. GRI 305-5. Supports SDGs 3, 8, 13

IAG is actively driving reductions in its gross emissions. Based on the latest carbon roadmap, these represent 80 per cent of total
emission reductions in the year 2050. There are four main methods of achieving these reductions:
• Modernising the aircraft fleet. Purchasing the latest aircraft models like the Airbus A320neo, Boeing 777 and Airbus A350, which are
  up to 40 per cent more efficient than aircraft they replace, whilst retiring older aircraft;
• Optimising the use and efficiency of the aircraft fleet. For example, optimising flightpaths, allocating fuel-efficient aircraft to specific
  routes and implementing in-flight efficiency initiatives which save fuel without compromising safety, service or flight schedules.
  These initiatives include optimised engine washes, single-engine taxiing, continuous descents, landing flaps and reducing weight
  onboard;
• Increasing the use of cleaner energy sources in the fleet. For example, use of SAF displaces fossil fuel use and delivers lower CO2
  emissions over a comparable lifecycle. Fuels from bioenergy and non-fossil carbon-rich feedstocks are also used outside the aviation
  industry; and
• Increasing the use of renewable electricity and renewable energy for ground faciilities and operations.
IAG continues to develop operational and fuel efficiency initiatives for both aircraft and ground operations.
Metric                               Unit                            vly      v2019       2021       2020         2019       2018        2017

GHG reduction initiatives            CO2e tonnes                  247%         -9%      59,725      17,208     77,386      65,887          nr
Fleet age                            years                         +8%         -2%         11.2       10.6         11.4       11.3        11.4


Key 2021 emission reduction milestones:
• 6,506 tonnes of CO2 saved due to SAF use in 2021 and a pipeline of projects in support of our 2030 SAF target;
• Regular meetings of an IAG-wide sustainability Fuel Efficiency Working Group to support and enable fuel efficiency practices across
  IAG’s global network, including ongoing use of the Honeywell Flight Efficiency software;
• British Airways carried out a “perfect flight” from London to Glasgow on a fuel-efficient Airbus A320neo, delivering emissions 62 per
  cent lower than to a similar flight a decade ago due to a 35 per cent SAF blend and maximising on-ground and in-flight efficiency;
• Vueling reduced 1,000 tonnes of onboard weight by using lightweight trolleys and worked with the Spanish air traffic management
  provider ENAIRE to improve airspace efficiency;
• Aer Lingus carried out more robust evaluation of fuel efficiency trends;
• Iberia started receiving electricity from 10,000m2 of solar panels on its engine maintenance hangar in Madrid, the largest site to
  self-generate electricity of any company in the IBEX 35; and
• IAG Cargo successfully completed trials of new electric vehicles at London Heathrow and Dublin airports.




86       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Spotlight: Sustainable
Aviation Fuel
In April 2021, IAG was the first European
airline to commit to 10% SAF by 2030,
dependent on appropriate government
policy support.
This is the equivalent of using 1 million
tonnes of fuel in 2030, with the equivalent
carbon saving of taking over 2 million cars
off the road. IAG has a long-standing SAF
commitment, having committed in 2017 to
invest $400 million in SAF over 20 years,
and is targeting use of at least 19 million
tonnes of SAF between now and 2040
based on the latest roadmap.
IAG is a leader in the development of SAF
projects not only through committed
purchases of SAF, but also by making
direct investments in new and innovative
SAF production capacity, spurring the
wider development of the SAF market. The
Group’s investments are backed up with
SAF purchase agreements which are
critical to the financeability of the new SAF
production capacity. IAG has also been
leading the industry at developing and          agreements. British Airways, Iberia and          charter flights between Stuttgart,
advocating for “second-generation” SAF,         Vueling all operated flights using SAF           Heathrow and Atlanta for its
which use carbon-rich waste feedstocks          blends, and IAG airlines had uptakes of          customer Kuehne+Nagel; and
and advanced conversion technologies, as        mandated SAF volumes in Norway and             • Developing the partnership with the UK
opposed to first-generation SAF which is        Sweden.                                          refiner Phillips 66 to develop the UK’s
predominantly manufactured using crop
                                                Key firsts for the Group:                        first SAF production facility, with British
feedstocks.
                                                                                                 Airways the first airline in the world to
2021 was a significant year for the Group       • Managing the import of the UK’s first          receive SAF from this facility from 2022.
SAF programme. It remains on track with a         ever bulk SAF to supply IAG Cargo to
total of €8.6m million invested in SAF            operate the world’s first net zero cargo

Some current SAF projects:
IAG continues to work with technology developers to establish a range of SAF supply options for the future. Below are some of the
projects that are in the public domain and we continue to develop others including carbon capture projects.
                                                                                                                                   Planned
Project/Partner                                                                           Feedstock   Production location   production start
IAG Cargo/Neste                                                             Used cooking oil (UCO)               Europe       2021 one-off
COP26/AirBP                                                                                   UCO                Europe       2021 one-off
Phillips 66/Phillips 66                                                          UCO/Food waste             Humber, UK                2022
Freedom Pines/LanzaJet                                                          Agricultural wastes       Georgia, USA                2023
oneworld/Aemetis                                                                      Waste wood         California, USA              2024
Project Dragon/LanzaTech                                             Waste gases and agriculture       South Wales, UK                2025
Bayou Fuels/Velocys*                                                             Forestry residues       Missisippi, USA              2026
Speedbird/LanzaTech/NovaPangea*                                    Waste wood, forestry residues                     UK               2026
Altalto/Velocys*                                                                   Municipal waste      Immingham, UK                 2027

*includes carbon capture and storage.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          87
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.1.8. Net emissions reductions
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: TR-AL-110a2. Supports SDGs 7, 9, 13


Net/out-of-sector emissions reductions are            impact of their flights, or from IAG or          • British Airways and Aer Lingus
a critical part of aviation decarbonisation           operating companies funding projects               continued to offer voluntary carbon
pathways, as airlines proactively lay the             directly. British Airways has offered              offsetting for passengers and Iberia
groundwork for faster reductions in gross             voluntary offsetting since 2003.                   created a carbon calculator to enable
emissions in future.                                                                                     passengers to establish their carbon
                                                   When IAG or operating companies choose
                                                                                                         impact; and
IAG sees carbon offset projects as key to          to voluntarily invest in carbon avoidance
reducing its emissions in the short and            and removal projects, they work in                  • The British Airways Carbon Fund, in
medium term, en route to full use of               collaboration with key partners, carry out            partnership with not-for-profit charity
carbon removals in 2050 to mitigate any            due diligence to select reputable providers           Pure Leapfrog, worked to deliver four
residual emissions.                                and select projects carefully to meet and             high-quality carbon reduction projects in
                                                   align with verified quality standards such            the UK and Africa. One example was
IAG is delivering net reductions via three                                                               supporting community-owned
                                                   as Gold Standard- and Verified Carbon
key channels:                                                                                            renewable power close to the British
                                                   Standard (VCS)-verified carbon reduction
• Through the EU-regulated Emissions               projects.                                             Airways engineering/maintenance base
  Trading Scheme, purchasing carbon                                                                      in Wales.
                                                   2021 projects included rainforest
  allowances from other sectors which
                                                   protection in Cambodia, Peru and the
  drives and funds additional emission
                                                   Congo Basin, and sustainable cook stoves
  reduction projects. Airlines have been
                                                   for communities in Sudan and Malawi.
  participating since 2013;
• Through the UN-regulated CORSIA                  IAG will be required to purchase credits for
  scheme, investing in a combination of            CORSIA when global emissions from
  fleet modernisation, efficiency, SAF and         international flights rise above 2019 levels.
  offsets to meet the global goal of               Key 2021 progress:
  keeping net international aviation
                                                   • IAG contributed to a landmark report by
  emissions at or below 2019 levels; and
                                                     McKinsey and the Coalition for Negative
• Through voluntary funding of                       Emissions outlining the Case for
  internationally verified offset or carbon          Negative Emissions and the need for
  removal (‘negative emissions’) projects            urgent government action to develop
  in the UK, Europe and around the world.            supportive carbon removals policy;
  This funding can either come from
  customers who choose to mitigate the

Metric                                 Unit                              vly       v2019        2021        2020      2019       2018        2017
Net emissions reduction through
EU, UK, Swiss ETS                      ‘000 tCO2e                        n/a       -93%          219            0*    3,182     2,634          nr
Via voluntary funding and
projects                               ‘000 tCO2e                      +17%          n/a         197            168      nr         nr         nr
* Emissions levels in 2020 were below the EU ETS sector cap for aviation so no net reductions were delivered.




88       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
B.1.9. Innovation                                  In 2019, the Group launched the first               All customers booking flights directly
                                                   dedicated sustainability accelerator in the         through British Airways are offered the
IAG invests in innovation to meet its              aviation industry. In 2021, the focus of this       choice to voluntarily donate to the BA
targets, drive decarbonisation in the Group        broadened with the inclusion of a new               Carbon Fund or an option to mitigate the
and to accelerate wider change towards a           Future Energy category. From hundreds of            carbon emissions of their flight through a
more sustainable industry.                         applications the Group chose to work with           standalone website: BA Carbon Neutral.
Hangar 51 is IAG’s core innovation                 12 pioneering start-ups covering topics
                                                                                                       The British Airways Executive Club also
platform, which continues to attract the           such as new hydrogen fuel cell solutions,
                                                                                                       allows customers to make a Carbon Fund
world’s top emerging technology                    electrification infrastructure, customer
                                                                                                       donation using their Avios points.
companies working on sustainability                engagement tools and carbon removal
solutions.                                         technologies.                                       In 2021, British Airways became one of the
                                                                                                       first airlines in the world to have a
IAG also has established governance                In 2022, the Group will continue to expand
                                                                                                       voluntary SAF offer available to customers
processes to review new potential                  its focus on sustainability innovation to
                                                                                                       including corporates.
investments in emerging climate                    accelerate decarbonisation.
technology and partnerships with start-                                                                All operating airlines are planning to
ups. This process is overseen by the CSO,          B.1.10. Sustainable products                        expand their portfolios of sustainability
CFO, CIO and General Counsel.                      and services                                        products and services in 2022.

IAG supports climate technology                    IAG offers customers including corporates
innovation via its accelerator, incubator,         a range of sustainable products and
venture capital investments, university            services to help them to reduce their
collaborations, active pilots, supporting          carbon emissions and to support wider
applications for grant funding, and                sustainability goals. These goals include
research and development consortia.                community development and protecting
IAG representatives also sit on academic           biodiversity.
boards and public-private partnerships to          Within the Group, British Airways currently
support new technologies and innovation.           has the widest range of sustainability
For example, IAG staff sit on the UK               offers available for customers and has
Government’s Jet Zero Council, academic            offered voluntary carbon offsets since
boards (Cranfield and Heriot Watt                  2003.
Universities), the Aston Supergen
                                                   The British Airways Carbon Fund delivers
consortium, and the Steering Board of the
                                                   carbon reduction projects in the UK and
UK Biotechnology and Biological Sciences
                                                   Africa with community co-benefits. British
Research Council (BBSRC). Iberia
                                                   Airways receives no revenue from this
continues the La Cátedra Iberia research
                                                   fund.
collaboration with the Polytechnical
University of Madrid.



                                                   Spotlight: new waste targets
   In 2021 IAG developed and approved new “5 through 2025” waste targets. More details are on the next page.
   “5 through 2025” focus areas                      2019 generation1   2025 generation target          2019 recycling        2025 recycling target
   Single-Use Plastic (SUP)                                         –             Zero-based2                        –                            –
   Onboard waste3                                      0.33 kg/pax                        -20%                    24%                         40%
   Office waste                                         96 kg/staff                       -50%                    35%                         60%
   Maintenance waste                         0.63 kg/person-hour                          -25%                    50%                          70%
   Cargo waste                           1.55 kg/kg cargo handled                         -25%                    63%                         80%
   1 Detailed definitions of waste types and metrics are available in the Additional Disclosures section of the IAG NFIS.
   2 Zero-based means eliminating as much as possible in all areas of operation, acknowledging that some plastics may still be required in 2025 where
     alternatives do not exist.
   3 The 40 per cent target is an average across the Group for waste processed at hub airports. Other targets apply to all operating companies as a
     minimum level of ambition.




                                                                         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 89
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
B. PLANET




B.2. Waste
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 306-1 (2020), 306-2 (2020), 306-3 (2020)

Supports SDG 12


New targets:                                      compared to 47,728 tonnes sent to landfill         IAG plans to report detailed progress
                                                  or incineration in 2019.                           against these targets in 2022. Currently,
IAG is committed to reducing, reusing and
                                                                                                     the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic
recycling waste. In 2021, IAG set new and         This strategy covers the five core areas of
                                                                                                     make it difficult to establish meaningful
comprehensive waste reduction targets as          single-use plastic (SUP), onboard, office,
                                                                                                     year-on-year trends.
outlined on the previous page.                    cargo, and maintenance waste. Separate
                                                  reduction and recycling targets are applied        IAG will also advocate to national
The “5 through 2025” waste strategy is
                                                  to all four airlines and to IAG Cargo.             governments and via IATA for clear and
expected to save approximately 20,000
                                                                                                     supportive waste policies which would
tonnes a year from landfill and incineration
                                                                                                     enable the Group to be more ambitious.
Key 2021 progress:
• IAG airlines worked together to identify common sustainable solutions for Group cutlery, to comply with the EU SUP ban which
  entered into force in July 2021;
• British Airways and Iberia launched new services (Buy-Before-You-Fly and DeliverFly) to give passengers the choice of buying fresh
  and ambient products before departure. These services remove food waste from unpurchased shorthaul economy meals while
  maintaining customer choice;
• Vueling developed an internal dashboard to track waste and set a target to segregate 60% of onboard waste by 2023; and
• IAG Cargo increased recycling rates by 6 per cent at both the London and Dublin hubs.
Waste commentary:
Onboard services are IAG’s main source of waste. Key inputs include onboard meals and amenity kits supplied to passengers, and key
outputs include plastic packaging, leftover food waste, drinks cans, and cabin items such as wrappers. Waste is typically offloaded and
processed at airports by third-party caterers, with some materials recovered on-site and other materials incinerated or sent to landfill.
The majority of cabin and catering waste is processed at IAG’s hub airports – London Heathrow, Dublin, Madrid and Barcelona.
Waste regulations limit the amount which can be recycled. For example, Irish regulations require specific categories of onboard waste
to be incinerated.
IAG supports innovation to minimise waste. For example, as part of the 2020 Hangar 51 platform, Iberia worked with Countalytics to
track its flows of onboard waste and develop better onboard services.
Metric                                                                            Unit         vly       v2019       2021       2020        2019
Onboard waste at hub airports                                            ‘000 tonnes          -7%        -54%        12.3        13.2      27.0
Onboard waste generated per passenger at hubs                                 kg/pax         -19%       +42%        0.47        0.58       0.33
Overall waste (onboard, office, maintenance, cargo)                      ‘000 tonnes         -10%        -54%        27.6       30.6       60.2
Overall recycled and recovered                                                      %         +6%            +9%     30%        24%         21%
Note: 2019 and 2020 values have been restated due to a more rigorous methodology aligned to GRI standards.

Metric            Description                                                      Commentary
Waste/pax at      • Onboard catering waste generated per passenger,                Onboard waste generated per passenger decreased in
hubs                including volumes later recycled and recovered.                2021 due to more predictable passenger behaviour and a
                  • Passenger numbers are based on those inbound and               reduced share of longhaul flying, which has more
                    outbound passengers who have their waste processed             comprehensive onboard meal services.
                    at hub airports London Heathrow and Gatwick, Madrid,           This metric is likely to increase in 2022 even with an
                    Barcelona and Dublin.                                          enhanced focus on waste reduction across the business.
Overall waste     • Includes waste from all streams – onboard, office, cargo 2021 volumes remain much lower than 2019 due to
                    and maintenance waste – and an extrapolation of waste reduced flying activity.
                    processed at overseas airports, where waste
                    destinations are not always reported by third parties.
Overall           • Excludes waste sent to incineration.                           Overall recycling/recovery rates have improved due to a
recycled and                                                                       higher share of flying from Spanish hub airports, where
recovered                                                                          more waste can be recycled at processing facilities.




90       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
B.3. Noise and air quality
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 305-7. Supports SDGs 3, 11


IAG remains committed to reducing the                IAG will update noise targets in 2022.                participate in research and operational
impact of aircraft noise and air pollution on                                                              trials.
                                                     Operating companies continue to work to
local communities near airports.
                                                     minimise noise impacts. They regularly                IAG supports innovation to reduce noise
The average noise per journey – per                  monitor noise and air quality performance             impacts. In 2021, Iberia participated in the
landing and take-off cycle – has reduced             using national databases and global                   EU AVIATOR project to better understand
by 19 per cent in the past five years. Due to        aircraft noise standards. Improvements are            air pollution impacts at airports using
the early retirement of Airbus A340s and             driven via fleet modernisation and specific           research on real aircraft. In 2022 a testing
B747s in 2020, an 8 per cent drop in                 operational practices like continuous                 campaign will be carried out using SAF.
average noise per sector was achieved in             descents. Airlines also engage with
                                                                                                           Detailed descriptions on all noise metrics
2021 alone, almost meeting the 10 per cent           stakeholders such as community groups,
                                                                                                           are available in the IAG NFIS.
noise reduction target set for 2025.                 regulators and industry partners and



Metric                                  Unit                                Vly       v2019         2021        2020          2019        2018           2017
Noise per cycle                         QC per LTO                         -8%         -12%         0.88        0.96          1.00         1.07          1.06
NOx per cycle                           kg per LTO                         -8%          -1%         9.10         9.84         9.23         9.71            nr
ICAO Chapter 14                         % at standard                      -2%         +3%          56%          58%          53%         50%            46%
CAEP Chapter 6                          % at standard                       0%         +2%          80%          80%          78%         74%            69%
CAEP Chapter 8                          % at standard                       3%         +8%          43%         40%           35%         29%            26%
% at standard is based on the fleet position at the end of 2021, including parked aircraft and excluding leased aircraft. Metrics per LTO are based on
operational aircraft during the year.
Related risk: Operational noise restriction and charges
Risk description                                                              Mitigating actions
Airport operators and regulators apply operational noise                  • Investing in new quieter aircraft as part of fleet modernisation
restrictions and charging regimes which may introduce additional • Continually improving operational practices including
costs or restrict airlines’ ability to operate e.g. restrictions on night   continuous descents, slightly steeper approaches, low-power
flights.                                                                    low-drag approaches and optimised departures
                                                                          • Internal governance and training and external advocacy in UK,
                                                                            Ireland and Spain to manage noise challenges




                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                  91
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
C. PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY


C. People and Prosperity


C.1. Workforce overview
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 403-4, 408-1, 409-1

Supports SDG 12


2021 has been another challenging year for     headcount position compared to 2020 and       established methods of measuring
the Group and for our colleagues as we         there is some evidence of headcount           employee satisfaction. In addition, IAG has
continue to navigate the impacts of the        growth in areas where we have seen a          introduced an organisational health survey,
COVID-19 pandemic, aligning our                more regular pattern of flying return. As     initially focused on management
resourcing levels to the operational needs     the world begins to open there is the         populations across all operating companies
of the business, ensuring we are ready to      expectation that our recovery will continue   to benchmark management practices
take advantage of opportunities as             into 2022 and this will be reflected within   against a globally recognised metric. This
restrictions are lifted, and ensuring we       our workforce population and composition.     survey was run initially in November 2020
protect the safety and wellbeing of                                                          and repeated in October 2021. Insights
                                               As public health guidance changed and in
colleagues and customers.                                                                    from the survey are used to shape and
                                               line with operational requirements,
                                                                                             prioritise cultural development plans.
IAG aims to create an environment in           employees across the Group started
which employees feel motivated, safe and       returning to our offices and our operating    Individual operating companies are
able to thrive as this is central to the       companies have taken approaches to            responsible for learning, development and
continued success of the Group. Core           coordinate and support the safe and           talent within their business, to enable them
principles in the Code of Conduct include      flexible return of our employees. Our         to ensure they have the right skills and
fair and equal treatment, non-                 operating companies have promoted a           capabilities required to support their
discrimination, fairness and respect for       balanced, flexible and hybrid working         strategy. In 2021, IAG launched a new
human rights. This Code applies to all         model which enables the right balance         leadership and talent strategy, building on
Directors, managers and employees of the       between flexibility whilst bringing the       the work within each operating company
Group and e-learning training to support it    benefits of being together as a team. At      and enabling improved attraction,
is mandatory and applicable to all             Aer Lingus this is being promoted as          retention and mobility of talent across the
employees and Directors. In addition to the    “hybrid working” and is guided by the         Group. IAG is currently working to align
Code of Conduct, individual operating          principles that people are expected to        the talent management framework across
companies have responsibility for policies     develop the right balance between home        the Group, initially focusing at Group level
and procedures relating to their               and office working, reflecting role           on the IAG Management Committee and
employees, including appropriate reward        requirements and personal circumstances.      their direct reports. IAG has a strong track
frameworks to ensure they can continue to      Similarly, British Airways has recently       record of retaining and promoting talent
attract and retain the best talent for every   introduced a hybrid model of working,         into senior roles, as evidenced by the
role.                                          which allows employees to create a mix of     Management Committee appointments
                                               remote and office working which is right      during 2020 and 2021, and this new
At the end of 2021, 56,658 people were
                                               for them based around the concept of          approach will improve the rigour and
employed across the Group in 81 countries,
                                               “neighbourhood” communities for teams         consistency of talent management across
a decline of 2 per cent in the year. Our
                                               and hot-desking. Iberia has also welcomed     the Group.
voluntary turnover rate for 2021 was 5 per
                                               back employees to its offices and has an
cent compared with 15 per cent in 2020, a                                                    IAG has employees based in European
                                               individualised return to work programme
change that reflects the completion of the                                                   countries which comply with the
                                               for teams – launching targeted managerial
necessary resizing of the business in                                                        conventions of the International Labour
                                               and all employee guidance and mandatory
response to COVID-19 but also giving                                                         Organization (ILO), covering subjects that
                                               training for all employees.
some indication of new hiring and role                                                       are considered as fundamental principles
creation in 2021. The necessary changes        Operating companies have also been            and rights at work: freedom of association
put in motion in 2020 and 2021 have            making considerable investments in the        and the effective recognition of the right
positioned the business to a place which       workplace and both Vueling and IAG            to collective bargaining; the elimination of
has allowed us to safeguard jobs in key        Loyalty have recently modernised and          all forms of forced or compulsory labour;
areas of the business and take advantage       moved into new office facilities. These new   the effective abolition of child labour; and
of the opportunities as travel restrictions    facilities have been created to foster a      the elimination of discrimination in respect
ease.                                          more open and modern office environment       of employment and occupation. Outside of
                                               which will help to facilitate collaboration   the EU, IAG recognises trade unions in
As the business pivots towards recovery
                                               and communication between teams.              many jurisdictions, has collective
from COVID-19, there has been a key
                                                                                             agreements and meets/exceeds all
emphasis and focus on maintaining and          Measures to support employee satisfaction
                                                                                             relevant labour standards.
retaining employees during 2021 – which is     and talent management are primarily
reflective in our workforce measures.          managed within operating companies and        IAG has a European Works Council (EWC)
There has been no material change in our       each operating company has its own            which brings together employee




92    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
representatives from the different               to manage transnational issues for EEA       Due to the diverse nature of Group
European Economic Area (EEA) Member              Member States, the UK will cease to have     businesses, both in terms of jurisdictions
States in which the Group operates. EWC          representatives within the EWC, and we       and operations, all training policies and
representatives are informed about and,          will continue to engage with UK employee     programmes are implemented at operating
where appropriate, consulted on                  representative groups on matters relevant    company level. Each is responsible for
transnational matters which may impact           to them. The EWC election and                determining the specific courses offered
employees in two or more EEA Member              appointment process for the new Select       within their organisation, the frequency
States. During 2021, IAG hosted one full         Committee and Chair will be completed in     with which training courses must be
meeting of the EWC and 11 Select                 February 2022.                               completed, and the employees required to
Committee meetings, which have all been                                                       attend. However, across the Group, all
                                                 Within the Group, individual operating
held virtually. In November 2021 we                                                           operating companies are required to run
                                                 companies have responsibility for the
commenced the nominations and elections                                                       the following mandatory corporate training
                                                 policies and procedures relating to their
process for new representatives of the                                                        courses for their employees:
                                                 employees, including reward frameworks
EWC, a process which had been
                                                 to ensure they can continue to attract and   • Code of Conduct
postponed due to the pandemic.
                                                 retain the best talent for every role.       • Compliance with Competition Laws
Reflecting the changing geopolitical
landscape and the specific role of the EWC                                                    • Anti-bribery and Corruption Compliance
                                                                                              • Data Privacy, Security and Protection.


C.2. Health, safety and wellbeing
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: Supports SDG 3


IAG is committed to safeguarding the             COVID-19 continues to be present in our      application. The latter includes webinars,
health and safety of our employees,              communities and impacts our people and       interviews and other resources, and access
customers and all others affected by our         the Group continues to follow expert         was extended to family members of
activities. This means operating in a            guidance from bodies such as the IATA        employees in the second half of 2020.
healthy, safe and secure way in compliance       Council Aviation Recovery Taskforce
                                                                                              Iberia has also continued with its COVID-19
with all applicable laws, regulations,           (CART), the WHO, Public Health England
                                                                                              prevention training which is now
company policies and industry standards.         and Spanish and Irish authorities. New
                                                                                              mandatory for all employees returning to
Health and safety are fundamental to our         safety and hygiene measures have been
                                                                                              the office. In collaboration with local
business, whether in the air or on the           introduced for all employees and
                                                                                              authorities in Madrid, Iberia has also
ground. It is our highest priority.              customers. All these measures have been
                                                                                              assisted in the vaccination programme and
                                                 carefully thought through alongside the
IAG has robust governance processes in                                                        operated a vaccination centre on premises
                                                 need to reflect the latest advice from
place led by the safety committees in each                                                    between July 15 and September 30.
                                                 public health authorities and aviation
operating company. The IAG Safety,                                                            Additionally, Iberia has taken part in the
                                                 regulators.
Environment and Corporate Responsibility                                                      “Elige Cuidarte” (“Choose to take care of
Committee monitors all matters related to        To support employee wellbeing across the     yourself”) programme aimed at getting all
the operational safety and Corporate             Group, each operating company has            its employees vaccinated against both
Responsibility of IAG’s airlines as well as to   continued to create new websites and has     COVID-19 and the flu.
the systems and resources dedicated to           deployed internal resources to support
safety activities across the Group.              mental health and COVID-19 safety. For
                                                 example, British Airways built on existing
IAG’s customers travel on aircraft and
                                                 resources put in place throughout 2020
through buildings and environments that
                                                 and issued daily press updates which
are subject to regulations applicable to
                                                 continue to highlight wellbeing and the
health and safety in each country.
                                                 support available such as information
Procedures, systems and technology used
                                                 about its Employee Assistance Programme
in our operations are designed to protect
                                                 and the UNMIND mental health digital
employees and customers alike.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     93
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
C. PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY




C.3. Diversity, inclusion and equality
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 406-1

Supports SDG 5


IAG has a Group-wide Equal Opportunities          mentoring for women within the                and inclusion, enabling us to promote
policy to address and eliminate                   business;                                     and support inclusion throughout our
discrimination and promote equality of          • Iberia participated in the III Business       supply chain;
opportunity regardless of age, gender,            Summit #MujeresyLiderazgo (Women            • British Airways launched its Reverse
disability, ethnicity, religion or sexual         and Leadership), organised by the             Mentoring programme for ethnic
orientation. At Group level, IAG also has a       consulting firm 50 & 50 Gender                minority colleagues up to Management
Directors Selection and Diversity Policy          Leadership in collaboration with CEOE;        Committee level and celebrated Black
that sets out the principles that govern the    • Vueling and Iberia, alongside the Spanish     History Month with several events
selection process and the approach to             Aviation Safety and Security Agency           including: videos and interviews with the
diversity on the Board of Directors and the       (AESA) and Airbus, produced an                Senior Leaders; an all-Black gate team;
IAG Management Committee. These                   awareness campaign video on                   and a webinar from Tessy Ojo OBE,
policies have been approved by the Board          International Women’s Day to showcase         Chief Executive Diana Award UK;
of Directors.                                     women in the aviation sector;               • Aer Lingus launched visual guides on
Key 2021 progress on gender diversity           • IAG and IAG GBS, to mark and celebrate        aerlingus.com to support customers with
and equality:                                     International Women’s day, hosted a           cognitive disabilities and has rolled out
• IAG has increased the number of women           “fireside chat” led by female members of      disability awareness training for all front
  in senior executive roles to 33 per cent, a     our Senior Executive community; and           line employees; and
  3 per cent increase on last year. In 2021,    • Aer Lingus achieved the “Investors in       • GBS ran Lunch and Learn session led by
  working with senior leaders across the          Diversity” Bronze accreditation.              an external expert to celebrate BHM and
  Group, we have reviewed our targets                                                           encourage people to speak about racism
                                                Key 2021 progress for other under-
  and plans and are delighted to announce                                                       and allyship.
                                                represented groups
  an increase in our external target to 40
                                                In 2021 we created a new Diversity Panel
  per cent women in senior roles by 2025;
                                                to share best practice and to lead the
• Iberia and Vueling have revised their
                                                co-design of new diversity and inclusion
  equality plans covering all employees in
                                                initiatives. We are reviewing key
  Spain reflecting new legislation;
                                                employment policies, to ensure they are
• British Airways has made commitments          inclusive and fair for all, and are looking
  to equal opportunities within its             into how we manage declarations in our
  recruitment processes and has                 core countries of operation reflecting the
  announced a commitment to 100% open           cultural and regulatory environment, with
  recruitment, diverse shortlisting and         an aim to use data and insights to set
  diverse interview panels;                     targets and develop action plans.
• IAG launched the Elevate programme
                                                Key initiatives for under-represented
  – a peer networking programme for
                                                groups:
  senior women;
• Iberia has successfully launched its “Take    • Our procurement team is using the
  the Lead” programme aimed at cross-             EcoVadis tool to evaluate our top
                                                  suppliers including a review of diversity




94     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
C.4. Human rights and modern slavery
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: Supports SDGs 3, 4, 5


IAG had no known cases of human rights         statement is made under section 54, part 5          trafficking and reaffirming a commitment
violations across the Group during 2021.       of the 2015 UK Modern Slavery Act (MSA).            to tackle this issue.
IAG GBS screens suppliers to identify and
                                               IAG is taking steps to prevent human                Operating airlines also train staff to
mitigate potential incidences of human
                                               trafficking. Human trafficking is of                recognise and respond to the signs of
rights violations, and modern slavery
                                               particular concern to IAG and to the wider          potential human trafficking situations and
clauses feature in all new supplier
                                               aviation industry, as the Group transports          provide procedures for reporting where
contracts as well as contract renewals.
                                               millions of passengers every year and has           any cases are suspected. This training is
IAG is taking steps to prevent incidences      tens of thousands of suppliers across the           managed at airline level. In 2021, over
of modern slavery within the Group and         world. Operating airlines work closely              27,000 employees have completed over
across its supply chains. In terms of          with governments and the airports in                38,000 hours of training covering Human
policies associated with human rights, IAG     which they operate to ensure that any               Rights topics.
asks suppliers to adhere to the IAG Group      suspected trafficking on our flights is
                                                                                                   In 2022, IAG plans to review the
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement,       identified, reported and dealt with
                                                                                                   assessment of human rights risks within
which was last updated in 2021 and is          appropriately. IAG also supports the 2018
                                                                                                   the business.
available on the IAG website. This             IATA resolution denouncing human

Human rights
Risk description                                                        2021 Mitigating actions
Not preventing potential incidences of human trafficking via IAG        • Updated Group Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
routes, damaging efforts to improve human rights and associated         • Training for staff to recognise signs of potential human
legal and reputational impacts. Potential human rights or modern          trafficking and guidance and processes in place to report this
slavery violations in the supply chain leading to fines, compliance     • See A.6. Supply chain sustainability
issues, business interruption or reputational damage.


C.5. Community engagement and charitable support
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-13, 201-1. Supports SDG 11


IAG operating companies have long-             • Aer Lingus staff have had an annual                 COVAX initiative and 300,000 doses to
standing partnerships to support                 “Make a Difference” day for staff                   Jamaica, donated by the UK
community causes both locally and around         volunteering for a decade. While this did           Government;
the world. Key partnerships include:             not go ahead in 2020 and 2021,                    • IAG GBS employees supported the
                                                 Aer Lingus was a significant contributor            “Business versus Smog” programme in
• British Airways has partnered with the
                                                 to the COVID-19 global response via                 Poland, improving environmental
  Disasters Emergency Committee for
                                                 flights of medical equipment between                awareness among children;
  eight years and helped raise over
                                                 Europe and China; and                             • Iberia launched its corporate
  £1.5 million supporting 17 humanitarian
  appeals;                                     • British Airways has been working with               volunteering programme “Cada acción
                                                 the “Flying Start” global charity                   suma”, and via a collaboration with NGO
• Vueling has been working with Save the
                                                 programme, in partnership with Comic                Mano a Mano and Iberia Express, sent
  Children for seven years and is the
                                                 Relief, for over a decade. This                     almost five tonnes of supplies to La
  second-largest sponsor of this NGO in
                                                 programme has helped over 864,000                   Palma residents affected by the volcanic
  Spain;
                                                 people in some of the world’s poorest               eruption; and
• Iberia has been contributing to the
                                                 communities.                                      • Vueling supported multiple causes
  UNICEF children’s immunisation
  programme for eight years. This              Key 2021 milestones:                                  including the Spanish Association
  programme focuses on diseases like           • IAG Cargo transported over 19 million               Against Cancer, Caritas, ASPANOB and
  polio and measles and has paid for the         COVID-19 vaccines, including a 4 million            LOVAAS foundation which supports
  vaccinations for more than a million           dose shipment to Abuja, Nigeria in                  children with different degrees of autism.
  children in Chad, Angola and Cuba;             collaboration with UNICEF and its

In 2021, €2.7 million was raised for charitable causes across the Group. Of this, 33 per cent came from customer contributions, 10 per
cent from company donations, 50 per cent from employee contributions, and 7 per cent from in-kind donations. The total remains
lower than 2019 due to reduced flying affecting customer contributions and reduced business activity limiting fundraising campaigns.

Metric                                                Unit        vly         v2019         2021      2020        2019       2018       2017
Total raised                                     € million      -42%          -53%           2.7        4.6        5.7         nr          nr


                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021             95
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
C. PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY




C.6. Workforce measures
Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-7, 102-8, 401-1, 405-1

Description and commentary for key workforce metrics
Metric           Unit           Description                                               Commentary
Employment       Average        • Manpower equivalent is the number of employees          • The 17.1% decrease reflects the resizing of
                 manpower         adjusted to include part-time workers, overtime and       the business in 2020. This is an average
                 equivalent       contractors.                                              figure and most of the resizing took place in
                                • The average is the mean of the manpower                   Q4 2020.
                                  equivalent captured quarterly to reflect seasonality.   • This measure accounts for employees’
                                                                                            contractual schedule of work and therefore
                                                                                            does not account for the impact of
                                                                                            COVID-19 job retention scheme.
Headcount        Number of      • Headcount is the actual number of people employed       • Overall headcount decreased over the year
                 people           across the Group (employees) at December 31, 2021.        by 2.2%.
                                                                                          • Reflects the necessary workforce actions
                                                                                            taken in 2020 and in the beginning of 2021.
Composition      %              • Composition is a breakdown of headcount as at           • Increase in temporary workers to 4%, driven
                 headcount        December 31, 2021.                                        by a stronger summer season in Spain,
                 by             • Full-time employees are defined as those working          particularly in Vueling, mostly in Airport
                 employment       full contractual hours as at December 31, 2021.           based roles.
                 type,          • A temporary employment contract has a defined           • The modest increase in temporary
                 contract and     end date.                                                 employees has also increased our ratio of
                 employee                                                                   part time employees to 22%; these roles are
                                • The employee category breakdown portrays the
                 categories                                                                 typically focused on covering specific peak
                                  distribution of the major groups within IAG’s
                                  workforce “in the air” – Pilots and Cabin Crew – and      hours.
                                  “on the ground” – Airport, Corporate                    • A change in categorisation of employees in
                                  and Maintenance & Logistics.                              our Cargo and Logistic units has seen
                                                                                            increases in maintenance and logistic roles
                                                                                            to 13% and related reductions in Airport and
                                                                                            Corporate. This aside, the Group has seen
                                                                                            modest recovery in Airport employees
                                                                                            linked to the broader recovery of travel.
Employees        Number of      • This metric depicts the distribution of the Group’s     • The increase in the proportion of Group
by country       people           employees according to the country in which they          employees based in the Spain is due to the
                                  are based.                                                increased summer flying schedules at Iberia
                                                                                            and Vueling. At the end of 2021 IAG had
                                                                                            employees based in 81 countries.
Gender           % women at     • The share of women as a proportion of all staff at      • There were 194 senior executives as at
diversity        Board,           specific levels of seniority across the Group.            December 31, 2021.
                 senior                                                                   • IAG increased the proportion of women in
                 executive,                                                                 senior executive roles to 33% by the end of
                 and Group                                                                  2021. IAG has maintained gender diversity
                 level                                                                      of the Board at 42%.
                                                                                          • A decrease in the proportion of women
                                                                                            across the whole Group is explained by the
                                                                                            impact of COVID-19 and restructuring in
                                                                                            2020 and the underlying gender mix of the
                                                                                            teams affected e.g. cabin crew




96       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Metric          Unit            Description                                                      Commentary
Age             % of staff in   The ‘on the ground’ managerial population includes all           The increase in the proportion of employees
diversity       each age        airport, corporate and maintenance roles equivalent to           over 50 years of age is explained by larger
                band            a manager across the Group.                                      voluntary turnover figures in younger cohorts.
                                                                                                 The group lost 1,035 < 30 year olds (1.8%
                                The ‘in the air’ managerial population includes all pilot
                                                                                                 turnover); 1,335 30-50 year olds (2.4%
                                and cabin crew roles equivalent to Captains and Cabin
                                                                                                 turnover); and 565 > 50 year olds (1.0%
                                Service Managers.
                                                                                                 turnover).
                                                                                                 The decrease in the proportion of employees
                                                                                                 under 30 years of age is explained by the end
                                                                                                 of temporary contracts and greater levels of
                                                                                                 voluntary leavers.
Workforce       % voluntary     Measured as the number of leavers as a percentage of             The overall annual turnover in 2021 was 6% – a
turnover        and             the average number of Group employees in the                     total of 5,054 employees, of which 691 were
                non-            year. The number of leavers excludes temporary                   non-voluntary leavers. This compares to 21% in
                voluntary       contracts and death in service. Voluntary turnover               2020, a total of 13,654 of which 3,456 were
                turnover        occurs when employees choose to leave (e.g.                      non-voluntary leavers.
                                resignation, retirement, voluntary redundancy) and
                                                                                                 This significant decrease in turnover reflects
                                non-voluntary turnover occurs when employees leave
                                                                                                 the Group resizing completed in 2020
                                for reasons other than a personal decision (e.g.
                                compulsory redundancy, dismissal).

Table of key measures
Metric                   Unit                       Sub-category                     vly       2021        2020         2019         2018        2017
Employment               Average manpower                                         -17.1%    50,222       60,612      66,034      64,734       63,422
                         equivalent1
Headcount                Number of people2                                        -2.2%     56,658       57,928      72,268        71,134             nr
Composition              % headcount by             Full-time:                      -1pt       78%          79%         74%          75%              nr
                         employment type            Part-time:                       1pt       22%           21%        26%          25%              nr
Composition              % headcount by             Permanent:                     -1pts       96%          97%         94%         94%               nr
                         employment contract        Temporary:                      1pts         4%          3%           6%          6%              nr
Composition              % headcount by             Cabin Crew:                      1pt       32%          31%         35%          35%              nr
                         employee categories        Pilots:                        0pts         13%         13%          11%          11%             nr
                                                    Airport:                      -2pts        23%          25%         26%         26%               nr
                                                    Corporate:                     -1pts        19%         20%          17%         18%              nr
                                                    Maintenance:                   2pts         13%          11%         11%         10%              nr
Employees by             % of people                UK:                            -1pts       49%          50%         54%            nr             nr
country                                             Spain:                         2pts        36%          34%          31%           nr             nr
                                                    Ireland:                       -1pts         7%          8%           7%           nr             nr
                                                    India:                         0pts          2%          2%           2%           nr             nr
                                                    USA:                            1pts         2%           1%          1%           nr             nr
                                                    Other:                          -1pt         4%          5%           5%           nr             nr

Note: “nr” means “not reported previously”.
1 The mean of the manpower equivalent captured quarterly to reflect seasonality. This is not adjusted for time not worked whilst under COVID-19 job
  retention schemes and it reflects normal contractual hours.
2 Actual number of people employed across the Group at December 31, 2021.




                                                                         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                97
 Strategic Report

SUSTAINABILITY
C. PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY




Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-7, 102-8, 401-1, 405-1

Metric                   Unit                                 Sub-category           vly        2021        2020         2019        2018       2017
Gender diversity         % women at Board level1                                   0pts         42%         42%          33%         33%        25%
Gender diversity         % women at senior executive                               3pts         33%         30%          30%         27%        24%
                         level
Gender diversity         % women at Group level                                    -1pts        42%         43%          44%         45%        44%
Age diversity            % of managerial staff                <30                  -1pts         2%           3%          4%          7%         6%
                         in each age band                     30-50                -2pts        55%          57%         55%         57%        65%
                                                              50+                  3pts         43%         40%          41%         36%        29%
Age diversity            % of non-managerial staff            <30                  -2pts        16%          18%          21%        22%        17%
                         in each age band                     30-50                -1pts        53%         54%          50%         50%        51%
                                                              50+                  3pts          31%         28%         29%         28%        32%
Workforce turnover       % voluntary and non-voluntary        Voluntary           -11pts         5%          16%          7%          8%         8%
                                                              Non-voluntary       -4pts           1%          5%          2%          3%         2%
Workforce turnover       Overall % by age group               <30                  19pts        35%          16%         37%         35%          nr
                                                              30-50                13pts        46%          33%         36%         34%          nr
                                                              50+                -32pts         19%          51%         27%         31%          nr
Workforce turnover       Overall % by gender                  Women               -3pts         49%          52%         47%         51%          nr
                                                              Men                  3pts          51%        48%          53%         49%          nr



Reference to GRI, TCFD and SASB standards: GRI 102-41, 403-9, 404-1. TR-AL-310a1.

Metric                   Unit                                                         vly        2021        2020         2019       2018       2017
Social dialogue and      % covered by collective bargaining
trade unions             agreements                                                 0pts         89%         89%          87%        86%        88%
Average hours of
training                 Average hours per employee per year                       +47%          38.9        26.4        48.4         41.1      45.8
Lost Time Injury
(LTI) frequency rate LTI per 200,000 hours worked2                                  -9.1%        2.19         2.41       4.341       4.201        nr
LTI severity rate        Average days lost per LTI    2
                                                                                   -10.1%      34.00        37.80       22.64        21.12        nr
Fatalities               Number of fatalities                                       0pts            0           0            0              1     nr

Note: “nr” means “not reported previously”.
1 In 2020 Female board composition metric normalised for consistency with 2021 at 42%.
2 The 2018 and 2019 LTI frequency rates have been restated due to change in standardising factor to better align to GRI standards.




98       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
D. Alignment with external frameworks
Key: Green is GRI CORE

Sustainability section       Sustainability subsection                              Partial/full alignment with GRI Standard              SASB
Governance                   A.1. Defining sustainability and material issues                       102-43, -44, -46, -47
                             A.2. Sustainability governance                                                    102-46, -48
                             A.4. Sustainability risk management                                             102-11, 102-15
                             A.5. Sustainability stakeholder engagement                               102-13, 102-43, -44
                             A.6. Supply chain sustainability                                                 308-2, 414-2
                             A.7. Ethics and integrity                                        102-16, 102-17, 205-1, -2, -3
Planet                       B.1. Climate change and TCFD disclosures                                       See next table      TR-AL-110a1, -a2
                             B.2. Waste                                                               306-1, -2, -3 (2020)
                             B.3. Noise and air quality                                                               305-7
People and Prosperity        C.1. Workforce overview                                                  403-4, 408-1, 409-1
                             C.3. Diversity, inclusion and equality                                                   406-1
                             C.5. Community engagement and charitable support                                 102-13, 201-1
                             Other metrics                                                                  See next table         TR-AL-310a1
Key climate change metrics in Section B                                              Partial/full alignment with GRI standard             SASB
Scope 1                                                                                                               305-1         TR-AL-110a1
Scope 2                                                                                                               305-2
Scope 3                                                                                                               305-3
Emissions intensity                                                                                                   305-4
Electricity, energy                                                                                                   302-1
Jet fuel use                                                                                                           301-1
GHG reduction initiatives                                                                                             305-5
Key people metrics in Section C                                                      Partial/full alignment with GRI standard
Employment                                                                                                            102-7
Headcount                                                                                                             102-7
Employment composition                                                                                                102-8
Employees by country                                                                                                  102-8
Gender diversity                                                                                                      405-1
Age diversity                                                                                                         405-1
Workforce turnover                                                                                                     401-1
Social dialogue and trade unions                                                                                     102-41        TR-AL-310a1
Hours of training                                                                                                     404-1
Lost Time Injury (LTI) frequency rate                                                                                403-9
Fatalities                                                                                                           403-9




                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          99
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS




Agile risk management to
support the delivery of
sustainable long-term value
Enterprise risk                                ERM policy and framework                        At the Group level, key risks from the
                                               The Group Enterprise Risk Framework is          operating companies, together with
management (ERM)                               set out in the Enterprise Risk Management       Group-wide risks, are maintained in a
approach                                       (ERM) policy, which has been approved by        Group risk map.
Agility in risk management                     the Board. The comprehensive risk               Risk appetite
                                               management process and methodology
The risk management framework remains                                                          IAG has a risk appetite framework which
                                               ensures a robust identification and
responsive to the needs of the business                                                        includes statements informing the
                                               assessment of the risks facing the Group,
and our stakeholders by: continuing to                                                         business, either qualitatively or
                                               including emerging risks. The risk
develop the Group’s assessment of the                                                          quantitatively, of the Board’s appetite for
                                               management framework is embedded
interdependencies of risks; further building                                                   certain risks.
                                               across the Group businesses. Enterprise
on scenario planning to quantify risk                                                          Each risk appetite statement applies either
                                               risks are defined as any risk that could
impact under different assumptions; and                                                        on a Group-wide basis or for specific
                                               impact the plan (above a threshold). They
considering the risks within the Group’s                                                       programmes, initiatives or activity within
                                               are assessed and plotted on an Enterprise
risk environment that have increased either                                                    the Group. The framework has continued
                                               risk map, based on probability and impact.
as a result of the external factors or as a                                                    to operate throughout the year, with the
                                               Emerging risks are monitored within the
result of decisions made by the business in                                                    Board assessing its appetite across all of
                                               overall risk framework as ‘on watch’ until
response to the pace of the transformation                                                     the framework statements at the half year
                                               they are re-assessed to be no longer a
agenda. This allows the Board and                                                              and year end against the Group’s
                                               potential threat to the business or where
management to assess and respond                                                               performance and its anticipated delivery of
                                               an assessment of the risk impact over the
quickly to changes across the Group’s                                                          the Board-approved strategic business
                                               next two to three years can be made, and
principal and other key risks.                                                                 plan priorities and initiatives. The Board is
                                               appropriate mitigations can be put in place
In the year, improvements to further           or the risk becomes a principal risk. Other     satisfied that the Group continued to
develop the framework have been                high-impact, low-likelihood risks have been     perform and deliver initiatives throughout
considered and discussed with                  discussed. This process is led by the           2021 as planned to mitigate risk as set out
management and the Board, including an         Management Committee supported by the           in its framework statements or necessary
assessment of how the risk appetite            ERM function.                                   additional mitigations to risks have been
framework aligns to the business and risk                                                      addressed as they occurred.
                                               Risk outcomes are quantified as the
landscape following the COVID-19                                                               The appetite framework has been subject
                                               potential cash impact to the plan over two
pandemic impacts. New guidance from                                                            to review in 2021. Adaptions to the
                                               years. Non-financial considerations include
regulators and investors is reviewed on an                                                     framework to set tolerances more
                                               the Group’s sustainability commitments,
ongoing basis and best practice sought                                                         dynamically, assess interdependencies of
                                               potential for increased regulatory scrutiny,
from other risk management sources.                                                            tolerances and link to the future strategic
                                               as well as damage to customer and
Where appropriate, enhancements and                                                            goals and prioritisation of investment will
                                               employee trust impacting the Group’s
adaptions are then implemented across                                                          be implemented in 2022.
                                               brand and share price.
the Group.
                                               Key controls and mitigations are                Risk assurance
Emerging risks and longer-term threats
                                               documented, including appropriate               The Group’s risk heatmap is used to inform
As part of the risk management                 response plans. Where risk treatments           the annual Internal Audit plan. The ERM
framework, potential emerging risks            require time to implement, short-term           function also works with other compliance
and longer-term threats are considered         mitigations are assessed and the timeline       and Group functions, such as Government
to identify new trends and risks that have     to risk mitigation and consequent risk          Affairs, Investor Relations and
increased in speed of potential impact.        acceptance discussed and agreed. Every          Sustainability, leveraging their frameworks
These include competitor actions,              principal risk has clear Management             and assessments where appropriate.
regulations, governments’ interventions,       Committee oversight.
customer trends and sentiment to travel,                                                       Viability assessment
sustainability concerns and stakeholder        Risk maps for each operating company            The Board’s assessment of the viability of
considerations or business disruptors that     and central function are reviewed by each       the Group, including the selection of
could impact the Group’s business              operating company’s management                  appropriate scenarios to determine the
strategy and plans.                            committee and function leadership team,         assessment, are directly informed by the
                                               which considers the accuracy and                outputs of the ERM framework. Full details
IAG considers risks to the Strategic           completeness of the map, significant            of our approach, scenarios modelled and
Business Plan (“the plan”) over the short      movements in risk and any changes               the viability assessment are shown at the
term up to two years, medium term from         required to the response plans addressing       end of this report.
three to five years and in the longer term     those risks. Where the Group’s operating
beyond five years.                             companies have a reliance on other parts
                                               of the Group for services delivery, risks are
                                               reflected appropriately across risk maps to
                                               ensure accountability is clear.




100   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Risk management roles and responsibilities




     Risk owners and                   Operating                          IAG Management                      IAG Board and
     management                        companies’                         Committee                           Audit & Compliance
                                       management                                                             Committee
                                       committees


  Across the Group, risk            Operating companies                The IAG Management                The IAG Board has
  owners are responsible            review risk during the             Committee reviews risk            overall responsibility for
  for identifying potential         year including risk map            during the year, including        ensuring that the Group
  risks and appropriately           reviews semi-annually, in          the Group risk map                has an appropriate,
  managing decisions                advance of the Group               semi-annually in advance          robust and effective risk
  within their area of              risk heatmap reviews.              of reviews by the Audit           management framework,
  responsibility that could                                            and Compliance                    including the
                                    They escalate risks
  impact business                                                      Committee, in                     determination of the
                                    that have a Group impact
  operations and delivery                                              accordance with the               nature and extent of risk
                                    or require Group
  of the plan.                                                         2018 UK Corporate                 it is willing to take to
                                    consideration in line with
                                                                       Governance Code and               achieve its strategic
  As the Group undertakes           the Group ERM
                                                                       the Spanish Good                  objectives.
  transformation activities         framework.
                                                                       Governance Code
  within its operating                                                                                   The Audit and
                                    They confirm to their              for Listed Companies.
  companies, the pace and                                                                                Compliance Committee
                                    operating company
  agility of the changes                                               The IAG Management                discusses risk and
                                    board and audit
  required creates risks                                               Committee review the              considers the risk
                                    committees as to the
  and opportunities. For                                               performance of the                environment as part of
                                    identification,
  transformational risks,                                              Group at half year and            wider Board discussions
                                    quantification and
  business owners are                                                  full year against the risk        at every meeting in
                                    management of
  assigned, and the                                                    appetite framework and            addition to the bi-annual
                                    risks within their
  business will agree                                                  reports any near                  risk map review, including
                                    operating company as
  appropriate mitigations                                              tolerance or out of               a review of the
                                    a whole at least annually.
  and timelines for                                                    tolerance assessments to          assessment of Group’s
  implementation,                   Local heatmaps are in              the Audit and                     performance against its
  following discussions             place for subsidiary               Compliance Committee.             risk appetite, scenarios
  with all relevant                 businesses, together with                                            for assessment of
                                                                       The Management
  stakeholders.                     Group support platforms                                              viability and the outputs
                                                                       Committee recommends
                                    including Group Business                                             from the viability
  Emerging risks are                                                   scenarios for stressing
                                    Services and IAG Tech.                                               modelling. The Audit and
  assessed and risk owners                                             the strategic business
                                                                                                         Compliance Committee
  consider and identify any                                            plan as part of the annual
                                                                                                         has early sight of
  potential impact to plans.                                           Group viability
                                                                                                         management
  Longer-term “on watch”                                               assessment.
                                                                                                         consideration of
  risks are subject to
                                                                                                         scenarios to enable it to
  review as part of the
                                                                                                         challenge subjectivities
  framework.
                                                                                                         and confirm rationale.
  Management is
                                                                                                         The Group risk map is
  responsible for the
                                                                                                         reviewed by the IAG
  effective operation of the
                                                                                                         Board annually.
  internal controls and
  execution of the
  agreed risk mitigation
  plans.




Enterprise Risk Management function
The Enterprise Risk Management function provides support across the Group to ensure risk management processes are appropriately
embedded and applied consistently, as well as working with management to identify risk, challenge assessments and strengthen the
risk culture across the Group. The function provides enterprise risk management guidance and shares best practice across the Group
and its operating companies, keeping them informed of any risk related regulatory developments. The function is responsible for
ensuring that the enterprise risk management framework remains agile and responsive to meet the needs of the business and its
stakeholders.



                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       101
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED



 Key
 Interested stakeholders                             Link to                       Strategic      Risk          Considered in viability
                                                     principal risk                priorities     trend         assessment scenarios
                                                                                        1            Increase    V   1    2    3       4
  Customers          Employees       Suppliers                                      2       3        Stable
                                                                                                     Decrease
                                                          See Business model
 Governments      Shareholders and
                                                          section of this report
 and regulators    other financial
                    stakeholders



Principal                                                           Strategic      Interested                    Risk trend            Viability
risk                                                                priorities     stakeholders                 20212020              scenario

Strategic
       Brand and customer trust                                           1
  1    Chief Strategy Officer                                                                                                      1       2   3   4
                                                                      2       3


       Competitive landscape                                              1
  2    Chief Strategy Officer                                                                                                      1       2   3   4
                                                                      2       3


       Critical third parties in the supply chain                         1
  3    Chief Transformation Officer                                   2       3


       Economic, political and regulatory environment                     1
  4    Chief Strategy Officer                                         2       3                                                    1       2   3   4



       Sustainable aviation                                               1
  5    Chief People, Corporate Affairs & Sustainability Officer       2       3                                                    1       2   3   4



Business and operational

  6    Cyber attack and data security
                                                                          1
       Group CIO                                                                                                                   1       2   3   4
                                                                      2       3


       Event causing significant network disruption
  7                                                                       1
       Chief Strategy Officer/Operating Company CEOs                  2       3                                                    1       2   3   4



       IT systems and IT infrastructure
  8                                                                       1
       Group CIO/Chief Transformation Officer                         2       3                                                    1       2   3   4



  9    People, culture and employee relations                             1
       Chief People, Corporate Affairs & Sustainability               2       3                                                    1       2   3   4
       Officer/Operating Company CEOs

 10    Safety or security incident                                        1
       Operating Company CEOs                                         2       3                                                    1       2   3   4



 11    Transformation and change                                          1
       Chief Transformation Officer                                   2       3
                                                                                                                         N/A       1       2   3   4




102    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Principal                                                                 Strategic           Interested                             Risk trend                Viability
risk                                                                      priorities          stakeholders                         20212020                   scenario

Financial risk including tax
        Debt funding                                                            1
 12     Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                                 1    2   3   4
                                                                            2       3


        Financial and treasury-related risk
                                                                             1
 13     Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                                 1    2   3   4
                                                                            2 3


        Tax
                                                                             1
 14     Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                                 1    2   3   4
                                                                            2 3


Compliance and regulatory

 15     Group governance structure
                                                                                1
        General Counsel                                                                                                                                         1    2   3   4
                                                                            2       3


        Non-compliance with key regulation and laws
 16                                                                             1
        General Counsel                                                     2       3                                                                           1    2   3   4




Principal risks influence                                                               Principal risk radar
The relative level of influence each principal risk has on the other                    The assessed likelihood of risk materialisation for each
principal risks                                                                         principal risk

                                                                                                  Strategic                                          Business and
                                16         1                                                                                                          operational
                        15                           2
                         Compliance
                 14     and regulatory                                                                                         5                7
                             risks                            3
                                                  Strategic                                                                        6
                                                    risks                                                                  4                8
                                                                                                                  2   3
            13                                                    4                                                                         9
                  Financial                                                                                   1                                      11         10
                    risks
                              Influence of risk

                                                                                                                                                          12
            12                                                    5

                                                                                                       16
                                                                                                                                                    13
                 11                                           6
                                         Business and
                                          operational                                                                                  14
                                             risks                                                                    15
                       10                            7
                                9          8                                                      Compliance
                                                                                                  and regulatory                                           Financial


Year in review
The highly regulated and commercially                    • external events causing operational                    The principal risks have been assessed as
competitive environment, together with                     disruption including civil unrest, adverse             the Group moves back into recovery of its
the businesses’ operational complexity,                    weather or pandemic                                    operations and adapts its model
exposes the Group to a number of risks.                  • volatility in the markets and availability             accordingly. One new principal risk of
                                                           of funding and distortion caused by                    ‘Transformation and change’ has been
The Group’s exposure to certain risks
                                                           differing government aviation-specific                 identified as part of this exercise. It reflects
outside of its direct control has continued
                                                           support schemes                                        the significance of the Group’s
in 2021 as a result of the COVID-19
                                                                                                                  transformation agenda and pace required
pandemic’s unprecedented impact                          Management remains focused on
                                                                                                                  to deliver the plan.
on the travel and aviation industry.                     mitigating these risks at all levels in the
These risks include:                                     business and investing to increase
• changes in political and economic                      resilience whilst recognising that such risk
  environment                                            events may not be so easily planned for
                                                         and that mitigations are more responsive
• government restrictions over travel and
                                                         in nature.
  movement of their citizens, governance
  requirements and regulations




                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                   103
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED



Principal risk register
Risks are grouped into four categories: strategic, business and operational, financial including tax and treasury, compliance and
regulatory risks.
Guidance is provided below on the key risks that may threaten the Group’s business model, future performance, solvency and liquidity.
Where there are particular circumstances that mean that the risk is more likely to materialise, those circumstances are described below.
Additional key business responses implemented by management are also set out.
The list is not intended to be exhaustive but does reflect those risks that the Board and Management Committee believe to be the most
likely to have a potential material impact on the Group.




Strategic
                                                    Strategic       Interested stakeholders            Risk trend           Viability
  1   Brand and                                     priorities                                      2021        2020        scenario

      customer trust                                      1                                                                    V

                                                      2       3
      Chief Strategy Officer

Status The Group’s ability to attract and secure bookings, and generate revenue depends on customers’ perception and affinity with
the Group’s airlines’ brands and their associated reputation for customer service and value. The Group’s airlines’ brands are, and will
continue to be, vulnerable to adverse publicity regarding events impacting service and operations. Reliability, including on-time
performance, is a key element of the brands and of each customer’s experience. Where customers have been stranded as a result of
governments’ imposition of new restrictions, all airlines have worked directly with their customers to ensure their safe return. IAG
remains focused on strengthening its customer-centricity to ensure that its operating companies continue to adapt and focus their
business models to meet changing customer expectations and needs. Customer sentiment to travel and their expectations when they
travel are intrinsic to brand health. The Group’s airlines have implemented all required measures to ensure customer and employee
safety in line with governments’ regulations. The resilience and engagement of our people and leaders is critical to retaining brand
and customer trust.

Risk description                       Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

Erosion of the brands, through      • The Group’s brands are               • All IAG airlines are considered within the brand
either a single event or a series     positioned in their respective         portfolio review.
of events, may adversely impact the   markets to meet their                • Brand initiatives for each operating company have been
Group’s leadership position with      customer propositions and              identified and are aligned to the plan.
customers and ultimately affect       deliver commercial value. Any        • Product investment to enhance the customer experience
future revenue and profitability.     change in engagement or                supports the brand propositions and is provided for in
                                      travel preferences could               the plan.
If the Group is unable to meet the    impact the financial
expectations of its customers and                                          • All airlines track and report internally on their
                                      performance of the Group.
does not engage effectively to                                               Net Promoter Score (NPS) to measure
                                    • IAG will continue to focus on          customer satisfaction.
maintain their emotional              its customer propositions to
attachment, then the Group                                                 • IAG Customer Steering Group meets monthly and
                                      ensure competitiveness in its
may face brand erosion and loss of                                           shares initiatives.
                                      chosen priority customer
market share.                                                              • Hygiene and travel protocols have been implemented
                                      demand spaces and to ensure
                                                                             across the Group’s airlines to address regulatory
                                      that it adapts to meet
Failure to meet customer                                                     requirements resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                      changing customer
expectations on sustainability and                                         • Enhanced disruption management tools within airlines to
                                      expectations.
the Group’s impact on stakeholders                                           allow customers to manage their travel preferences.
and society could impact the Group • The Group is clear on the key
                                      levers to improve brand              • Enhanced flexibility in airline booking policies.
and its brands.
                                      perception and satisfaction          • Increased focus on the end-to-end customer journey
                                      for each of its operating              from flight search through to arrival and baggage
                                      company brands.                        reclaim.
                                                                           • The Group’s global loyalty strategy builds customer
                                                                             loyalty within IAG airlines.
                                                                           • The Group’s focus on sustainability and sustainable
                                                                             aviation including the IAG Climate Change strategy to
                                                                             meet the target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050.
                                                                           • Robust portfolio process to determine the right
                                                                             investments across the Group.
                                                                           • The Group’s CIO and Chief Transformation Officer are
                                                                             members of the IAG Management Committee.




104   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Strategic
                                                   Strategic       Interested stakeholders           Risk trend           Viability
 2    Competitive                                  priorities                                     2021        2020        scenario

      landscape                                          1
                                                                                                                             V


      Chief Strategy Officer                         2       3


Status The scale of governmental support and aviation-specific state aid measures have varied by market and the potential
consequential impact to the competitive landscape is under continuous assessment. Governmental restrictions continue to impact
access to markets. The dynamic nature of the restrictions have required significant agility within our networks to manage the impact
on our customers and business. In 2019, the Group announced plans to acquire Air Europa, which is owned by Globalia, subject to
regulatory approvals. In December 2021, IAG and Globalia announced the termination of the agreement under which Iberia had
agreed to acquire Air Europa, but noted that the parties intended to evaluate alternative structures. Any future deal would be subject
to regulatory approval.
The Group continues to lobby over the negative impacts of government policies, such as increases in Air Passenger Duty (APD).

Risk description                      Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

Competitor capacity growth in        • The markets in which the           • The IAG Management Committee meets weekly.
excess of demand growth could          Group operates are highly          • The Board discusses strategy throughout the year and
materially impact margins.             competitive. The Group faces         dedicates two days per year to undertake a detailed
                                       direct competition on its            review of the Group’s strategic plans.
Any failure of a joint business        routes, as well as from indirect   • Additional Management Committee and Board meetings
or a joint business partner could      flights, charter services and        have been convened as required.
adversely impact the Group’s           other modes of transport.
airline business operations and                                           • The Group strategy function supports the Management
                                       Some competitors have other
financial performance.                                                      Committee by identifying where resources can be
                                       competitive advantages such
                                                                            devoted to exploit opportunities and accelerate change.
                                       as government support
Some of the markets in which the                                          • The airlines’ revenue management departments and
                                       or benefits from insolvency
Group operates remain regulated by                                          systems optimise market share and yield through pricing
                                       protection.
governments, in some instances                                              and inventory management activity. Additional processes
                                     • Regulation of the airline
controlling capacity and/or                                                 and reviews have allowed daily and weekly route analysis
                                       industry covers many of the
restricting market entry. Changes in                                        as required to respond to the rapidly changing
                                       Group’s activities including
such restrictions may have                                                  environment resulting from government actions.
                                       route flying rights, airport
a negative impact on margins.                                             • The Group maintains rigorous cost control and targeted
                                       landing rights, departure
                                                                            investment to remain competitive. The Group
Governments’ support schemes for       taxes, security and
                                                                            Procurement function has led an ongoing review of all
the aviation sector create             environmental controls. The
                                                                            critical contracts.
distortionary effects across the       Group’s ability to comply with
                                       and influence changes to           • The Group has restructured its businesses with greater
markets in which IAG’s airlines
                                       regulations is key to                flexibility and resilience built into the operations.
operate.
                                       maintaining operational and        • The portfolio of brands provides flexibility as capacity
                                       financial performance.               can be deployed at short notice as needed.
                                                                          • The IAG Management Committee regularly reviews the
                                                                            commercial performance of joint business agreements.
                                                                          • The Group’s airlines review their relationships with
                                                                            business partners supported where appropriate by the
                                                                            Group strategy function.
                                                                          • The Group’s Government Affairs function monitors
                                                                            government initiatives, represents the Group’s interest
                                                                            and forecasts likely changes to laws and regulations.




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       105
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Strategic
                                                    Strategic                Interested stakeholders                    Risk trend
 3    Critical third parties in                     priorities                                                       2021        2020

      the supply chain                                    1
                                                      2       3
      Chief Transformation Officer

Status Ongoing governments’ restrictions through 2021 have required the Group’s airlines to flex their operations and adjust capacity.
The operations of the Group’s suppliers, including aircraft manufacturers, has increased the risk of significant business interruption,
delays or disruptions, including a lack of availability of labour to support supplier operations and/or problems in maintaining supply.
This has led to increased costs to secure such services. Additional focus has been placed on key suppliers following the removal of
governments’ support schemes to ensure that the business and operations are not impacted.
The Group continues to lobby and raise awareness of the negative impacts of ATC airspace restrictions and performance issues on
the aviation sector and economies across Europe, particularly through the recovery period. The Group relies on the provision of
airport infrastructure and is dependent on the timely delivery of appropriate facilities. A third runway expansion proposal at London
Heathrow and additional facilities at Dublin and Madrid Airports are among examples where the Group supports solutions that are
efficient, cost effective and of value to our customers.
The Group continues to challenge unreasonable levels of increases in airport charges, especially at London Heathrow. A future
aviation package review by the UK Government is expected in 2022.

Risk description                        Strategic relevance                Mitigations

IAG is dependent on the timely         • Any sub-optimal service           • The Group mitigates engine and fleet performance risks,
entry of new aircraft and the engine     delivery or asset supplied by a     including unacceptable levels of carbon emissions, to
performance of aircraft to improve       critical supplier can impact        the extent possible by working closely with the engine
operational efficiency and resilience    on the Group airlines’              and fleet manufacturers, as well as retaining flexibility
and meet the commitments of the          operational and financial           with existing aircraft return requirements.
Group sustainability programme.          performance as well as            • The Group engages in regulatory reviews of supplier
                                         disrupting our customers and        pricing, such as the UK Civil Aviation Authority’s periodic
IAG is dependent on the timely,          impacting our brand and             review of charges at London Heathrow and London
on-budget delivery of infrastructure     reputation.                         Gatwick airports.
changes, particularly at key airports. • Infrastructure decisions or
                                                                           • The Group is active at an EU policy level and in
                                         changes in policy by                consultations with airports covered by the EU Airport
IAG is dependent on resilience
                                         governments, regulators or          Changes Directive.
within the operations of
                                         other entities could impact       • The Group pro-actively works with suppliers to ensure
ATC services to ensure that its flight
                                         operations but are outside of       operations are maintained and the impact to their
operations are delivered
                                         the Group’s control.                businesses understood, with mitigations implemented
as scheduled.
                                       • London Heathrow has no              where necessary.
IAG is dependent on the                  spare runway capacity.            • The Group procurement function has oversight of all
performance and costs of critical      • An uncontrolled increase in         critical contracts across the Group’s businesses.
third-party suppliers that provide       the planned cost of expansion     • Alternative suppliers are identified where feasible.
services to our customers and the        could result in increased
Group such as airport operators,         landing charges.
border control and caterers.           • Airport charges represent a
Increases in costs or where              significant operating cost to
suppliers face ongoing financial         the airlines and have an
stress or restructuring where they       impact on operations.
exit the market for supply of          • Inflationary cost pressures
services may impact the Group’s          within the supply chain may
operations.                              increase the cost of travel.
IAG is dependent on the availability
and production of alternative fuels
to meet its carbon commitments.
This may require investments in
infrastructure in the markets in
which the Group operates.



106   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Strategic
                                                     Strategic         Interested stakeholders          Risk trend            Viability
 4     Economic, political and                       priorities                                      2021        2020         scenario

       regulatory environment                              1                                                                     V

                                                       2       3
       Chief Strategy Officer

Status The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in governments’ measures, which led to an unprecedented impact on air travel and has
also resulted in economic uncertainty and volatility across markets. These are being actively monitored and near-term capacity plans
are refreshed dynamically, according to the latest status as the Group’s airlines rebuild their operational capabilities and schedules.
There can also be no clear certainty as to the level of demand for the Group’s services as restrictions are lifted. The stress of the
COVID-19 pandemic could have further far-reaching impacts including currency devaluations, inflation, new tax regimes on corporates
and individuals as well as changes in control of governments and new government policies. The Group airlines have utilised the slot
alleviation waivers granted by regulatory bodies in 2021.
Wider macroeconomic trends are being monitored such as tone of dialogue between the US, Russia, China and the EU and UK which
can influence markets and result in imposition of misaligned policies or tariffs. The trend of increased nationalism and the potential
impact to the Group is also kept under review. Recent supply chain disruptions have occurred in many markets and the level of
disruption and potential impacts are considered across the Group.
Developments in relevant international relationships and air services agreements throughout the year, including the EU and the UK,
are being monitored. Any further macroeconomic trends or potential requirements arising from Brexit are monitored by government
affairs specialists across the Group businesses.

     See the Regulatory environment section

Risk description                         Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

Economic deterioration in either a       • IAG remains sensitive             • The Board and the Management Committee review the
domestic market or the global              to political and economic           financial outlook and business performance of the Group
economy may have a                         conditions in the                   through the monthly trading results, financial planning
material impact on the Group’s             markets globally.                   process and the reforecasting process.
financial position, while foreign                                            • Reviews are used to drive the Group’s financial
exchange, fuel price and interest                                              performance through the management of capacity,
rate movements create volatility.                                              together with appropriate cost control measures
                                                                               including the balance between fixed and variable costs,
Uncertainty or failure to plan and                                             management of capital expenditure, and actions to
respond to economic change or                                                  improve liquidity.
downturn impacts the operations of
                                                                             • External economic outlook, fuel prices and exchange
the Group.
                                                                               rates are carefully considered when developing strategy
Political decisions to respond to the                                          and plans and are regularly reviewed by the Board and
COVID-19 pandemic impact                                                       IAG Management Committee as part of business
economies across all markets,                                                  performance monitoring.
causing longer-term economic                                                 • IAG Government Affairs function monitors governments’
stress.                                                                        initiatives, represents the Group’s interest and gives the
                                                                               Group and its operating companies early sight of likely
                                                                               changes to laws and regulations e.g. any review of slot
                                                                               alleviation policy in the UK. It also continues to discuss
                                                                               with governments and industry bodies, approaches for
                                                                               the implementation of consistent, customer-centric
                                                                               testing.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         107
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Strategic
                                                              Strategic     Interested stakeholders          Risk trend           Viability
 5      Sustainable aviation                                  priorities                                  2021        2020        scenario

        Chief People, Corporate Affairs and                         1                                                                 V

        Sustainability Officer                                  2       3


Status IAG was the first airline group to commit to a target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. In 2021, the Group committed to
extend net zero carbon emissions requirements to the Group’s supply chain, with the Global Business Services (GBS) procurement
function supporting the Scope 3 commitment. GBS will have a key role to play in ensuring its delivery for the Group with supplier
sustainability ratings a key consideration for future contract negotiations and renewals. IAG has also committed to 10% Sustainable
Aviation Fuel (SAF) usage on average across its fleet by 2030.
In July 2021, the EU announced its “Fit for 55” package of proposals. This requires an at least 55% emission reduction target set for
2030 and aims to bring the EU climate and energy legislation in line with the 2030 goal. The Group is currently modelling potential
impacts and costs based on the published proposals, which includes the removal of aviation jet fuel tax exemption from 2024.
Iberia has agreed deals in Spain for the production of SAF this year. Overall aviation industry requirements will require infrastructure
investments across markets to support the production of SAF to meet demand expectations. Availability of SAF may be restricted at
airports served by the Group in the medium to longer term, where markets may not have such strict eco targets or government set
policy.
The Group has completed the retirement of its aged fleet of Boeing 747s and Airbus A340s.
IAG was an early adopter of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidelines for climate-related scenario
analysis and climate-specific risk assessments. The Group continues with its assessment of climate-related risks, by testing and
revising the assumptions on updated forecasts for future business growth and the regulatory context and future carbon price. The
Group has also embedded forecasting of its climate impacts into its strategic, business and financial planning processes.

      See the Sustainability risk and opportunities section

Risk description                             Strategic relevance                  Mitigations

Increasing global concern about              • IAG is committed to being          • IAG climate change strategy to meet target of net zero
climate change and the impact of               the leading airline group            carbon emissions by 2050.
carbon affects Group airlines’                 in sustainability. This            • British Airways offsets all UK domestic flight carbon
performance as customers seek                  means that environmental             emissions.
alternative methods of transport or            considerations are integrated      • IAG investment in Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF),
reduce their levels of travel.                 into the business strategy at        including British Airways’ partnership with Velocys and
                                               every level and the Group            Iberia’s agreement with Repsol and Cepsa to produce
New taxes, the potential removal of            uses its influence to drive          SAF.
aviation jet fuel exemptions and               progress across the industry.
increasing price of carbon offsets                                                • Aer Lingus internal SAF working group planning.
                                             • Our stakeholders and
impact on demand for air travel.                                                  • BA customers may choose to offset their flights for
                                               potential investors seek
Customers may choose to reduce                                                      carbon emissions or pay for sustainable fuel for their
                                               confirmation over our
the amount they fly.                                                                flight or both.
                                               sustainability agenda and may
                                                                                  • Fleet replacement plan is introducing aircraft into the
                                               link their purchasing,
The airline industry sector is subject                                              fleet that are more carbon efficient.
                                               investment or lending
to increased regulatory                                                           • The appointment of EcoVadis to work with IAG GBS to
                                               decisions to our commitments
requirements, driving costs and                                                     better track sustainability performance in the IAG supply
                                               and progress against them.
operational complexity. Sustainable                                                 chain and mitigate supply chain-related sustainability
fuels mandates are implemented                                                      risks.
and demand exceeds supply or
                                                                                  • Partnering with ZeroAvia to explore hydrogen-powered
infrastructure and production is not
                                                                                    aircraft technology.
available in the markets the Group’s
                                                                                  • Participating in CORSIA, the ICAO global aviation carbon
airlines serve.
                                                                                    offsetting scheme and the EU-ETS and UK-ETS emission
                                                                                    trading schemes.
                                                                                  • Horizon scanning of potential partners and technology.




108     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Business and operational
                                                   Strategic       Interested stakeholders          Risk trend           Viability
 6    Cyber attack and                             priorities                                    2021        2020        scenario

      data security                                      1                                                                  V

                                                     2       3
      Group CIO

Status The risks from cyber threats continue as threat actors seek to exploit any weaknesses in defences particularly through social
engineering and human behaviours. The regulatory regimes associated with data and infrastructure security are also becoming more
complex with different regulators applying different framework approaches and guidance for reporting. The Group airlines are subject
to the requirements of privacy legislation such as GDPR and the National Information Security Directive (NISD).
Investment in cyber security systems and controls continue as planned, although addressing the risk is also dependent on business
capacity and the delivery of solutions to address technical obsolescence within IAG Tech. All planned investment is linked to a
Group-wide maturity assessment based on a leading industry standard benchmark. Data centre migration activity to the Cloud across
the Group’s airlines will further help to improve the security controls environment. As the Group improves its security posture and
maturity, it better understands the rapid nature of potential attack vectors and how to detect them.

Risk description                       Strategic relevance               Mitigations

The Group could face financial loss, • The cyber threat environment      • The Group has a Board-approved cyber strategy that
disruption or damage to brand          remains challenging for all         drives investment and operational planning.
reputation arising from an attack on   organisations, including the      • A cyber risk management framework ensures the risk is
the Group’s systems by criminals,      airline industry. Cyber threat      reviewed across all operating companies.
foreign governments or hacktivists.    actors, criminals, foreign        • The Group Cyber Governance board assesses the
                                       governments and hacktivists         portfolio of cyber projects quarterly and each operating
If the Group does not adequately       have the capacity and               company reviews their own cyber projects at least
protect customer and employee          motivation to attack the            quarterly.
data, it could breach regulation and   airline industry for financial
face penalties and loss of                                               • The IAG Chief Information Security Office provides
                                       gain and other political or
customer trust.                                                            assurance and expertise around strategy, policy, training
                                       social reasons.
                                                                           and security operations for the Group.
                                     • The fast-moving nature
Changes in working practices and                                         • Detection tools and monitoring are in place. The Group-
                                       of this risk means that the
environments for the Group’s                                               wide security engineering and operations teams
                                       Group will always retain a
employees and third-party suppliers                                        proactively seek to identify and respond to threats and
                                       level of vulnerability.
could result in new weaknesses in                                          vulnerabilities, including ongoing testing of the Group’s
the cyber and data security control                                        defences.
environment.                                                             • Threat intelligence is used to analyse cyber risks to
                                                                           the Group.
                                                                         • There is oversight of critical systems and suppliers to
                                                                           ensure that the Group understands the data it holds, that
                                                                           it is secure, and regulations are adhered to.
                                                                         • Data Protection Officers are in place in all operating
                                                                           companies, coordinated through a Group-wide Privacy
                                                                           Steering Group.
                                                                         • Working practices are reviewed to ensure the integrity of
                                                                           the cyber and data security.
                                                                         • All third-party suppliers have confirmed their adherence
                                                                           to IAG security requirements within any revised security
                                                                           protocols.
                                                                         • Security architecture team embedded into Datacentre
                                                                           migrations programmes.
                                                                         • Desktop exercises to test business response plans have
                                                                           been held across the Group’s airlines during the year.




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      109
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Business and operational
                                                  Strategic       Interested stakeholders            Risk trend             Viability
  7   Event causing significant                   priorities                                      2021        2020          scenario

      network disruption                                1                                                                       V

                                                    2       3
      Chief Strategy Officer
      Operating company CEOs

Status The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 resulted in an unprecedented level of disruption to the aviation sector, as well
as global economic impacts and this remained the situation in 2021. Other potential high-impact, low-likelihood events have been
considered that could have the potential to disrupt IAG and/or the aviation sector. Many of these events remain outside of the
Group’s control such as adverse weather, another pandemic, civil unrest or a terrorist event seen in cities served by the Group’s
airlines.

Risk description                     Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

An event causing significant           • The Group’s airlines may be     • Management has business continuity plans to mitigate
network disruption or the inability to   disrupted by a number of          this risk to the extent feasible, with focus on operational
promptly recover from short-term         different events.                 and financial resilience and customer and colleague
disruptions may result in lost         • A single prolonged event, or      safety and recovery.
revenue, customer disruption and         a series of events in close     • Resilience to minimise the impact of ATC airspace
additional costs to the Group.           succession, impact on the         restrictions and strike action on the Group’s customers
                                         Group’s airlines’ operational     and operations are in place.
The COVID-19 pandemic is likely to       capability, financial status
continue to have an adverse effect       and brand strength.
on the Group where governments
                                       • The Group needs to adhere to
choose to reimpose restrictions to
                                         local governments’
manage public health concerns, as
                                         restrictions and regulations
would any future pandemic
                                         especially related to safety
outbreak or other material event
                                         and public health and is
impacting operations or customers
                                         therefore sensitive to any
ability to travel.
                                         consequential impact on
                                         demand.




110   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Business and operational
                                                  Strategic       Interested stakeholders          Risk trend           Viability
 8    IT systems and IT                           priorities                                    2021        2020        scenario

      infrastructure                                    1                                                                  V

                                                    2       3
      Group CIO
      Chief Transformation Officer

Status The Group recognises the importance of technology and all of its digital and IT resources are managed together in IAG Tech,
reporting to the Chief Information Officer (CIO), a member of the IAG Management Committee. All of the Group’s businesses have a
Chief Digital and Information Officer (CDIO) who represents their business within IAG Tech. This has strengthened IAG Tech’s focus
on understanding business requirements, helping to transform the Group’s businesses and deliver a digital customer experience. The
IAG Tech Management Committee governance structure is mirrored across into the Group’s businesses to ensure that IT investment
and operating company requirements are appropriately prioritised and delivered. There is an increased focus on service delivery and
services management as the Group addresses its legacy environment. Plans and investment to upgrade or transform away from
obsolete systems or architecture have been subject to ongoing review and plans accelerated where required to meet new regulations
around travel documentation.

Risk description                      Strategic relevance               Mitigations

The dependency on IT systems for     • IAG is dependent on IT           • IAG Tech works with the Group operating companies to
key business and customer              systems for most key               deliver digital and IT change initiatives to enhance
processes is increasing and the        business processes.                security and stability.
failure of a critical system may       Increasingly, the integration    • Operating companies’ IT boards are in place to review
cause significant disruption to the    within IAG’s supply chain          delivery timelines.
operation and lost revenue.            means that the Group is also     • IAG Tech leadership and professional development
                                       dependent on the                   framework.
The level of transformational change   performance of suppliers’ IT
at pace required by the Group’s                                         • Reversion plans are developed for migrations on critical
                                       infrastructure e.g. airport
airlines may result in disruption to                                      IT infrastructure.
                                       baggage operators.
operations as the legacy                                                • System controls, disaster recovery and business
                                     • Competitors and new
environment is addressed.                                                 continuity arrangements exist to mitigate the risk of
                                       entrants to the travel market
                                                                          a critical system failure.
                                       may use digital tools and
Obsolescence within the IAG Tech                                        • Robust portfolio process to determine the right
                                       technology more effectively
estate could result in service                                            investments across the Group.
                                       and disrupt the Group’s
outages and/or operational                                              • IAG Tech CIO and MC have strategic relationships with all
                                       business model.
disruption or delays in                                                   critical IT suppliers and oversight of all critical IT
implementation of the Group’s                                             contracts across the Group’s businesses.
transformation, particularly if the
                                                                        • The Group continues to develop platforms such
Group needs to defer investment to
                                                                          as the New Distribution Capability, changing distribution
preserve cash.
                                                                          arrangements and moving from indirect to direct
Technology disruptors may                                                 channels.
use tools to position themselves                                        • IAG Tech continues to create early engagement and
between our brands and                                                    leverages new opportunities with start-ups and
our customers.                                                            technology disruptors.




                                                                INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      111
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Business and operational
                                                     Strategic      Interested stakeholders          Risk trend            Viability
  9   People, culture and                            priorities                                   2021        2020         scenario

      employee relations                                   1                                                                   V

                                                       2       3
      Chief People, Corporate Affairs and
      Sustainability Officer
      Operating company CEOs

Status The resilience and engagement of our people and leaders has been critical through the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the
Group is best positioned to resume operations and adapt as needed to the uncertain external environment. The duration and scale of
the pandemic has required the Group to restructure and employee consultations across the Group’s businesses to support
restructuring proposals have been undertaken as required. Where possible, job retention and wage support schemes have been
utilised to reduce people impacts.
As the Group rapidly transforms all its operations to adjust for the new environment, the engagement and support of the Group’s
employees is going to be a critical enabler. The Group businesses are focused on building and maintaining employee relationships and
trust to deliver operational readiness and meet changing customer, employee and business demands.
In 2021, the Company implemented a new Remuneration Policy that is closely aligned to the Company’s strategy and supports the
aim of attracting and retaining exceptional talent across the Group. The Group is focused on staff wellbeing and people morale and
motivation, particularly as our people return to their offices and the Group businesses adapt and implement hybrid working models.
Welfare support schemes are in place to support the Group’s staff and initiatives to build trust and engagement continue across the
Group’s businesses. The Group has identified the skills and capabilities that are required to manage its transformation, which include
enhancing its leadership capability and delivering on the Group’s diversity and inclusion plans. All operating companies recognise the
critical role that their employees will play in the recovery and transformation of the Group and they are focusing on improving
organisational health and employee engagement.

Risk description                         Strategic relevance              Mitigations

Any breakdowns in the bargaining      • The Group has a large             • Ongoing information sharing, consultation and collective
process with the unionised              unionised workforce                 bargaining with unions across the Group takes place on a
workforces may result in                represented by a number of          regular basis led by operating companies’ human
subsequent strike action which may      different trades unions. IAG        resources specialists, who have a strong skillset
disrupt operations and adversely        relies on the successful            in industrial relations.
affect business performance and         agreement of collective           • Operating companies’ people strategies are in place in
customer perceptions of the airlines.   bargaining arrangements             our businesses.
                                        across its operating              • Succession planning within and across operating
Our people are not engaged, or they     companies to operate its            companies has been reviewed by the IAG Management
do not display the required             airlines.                           Committee and Board and a consistent process is being
leadership behaviours.                • The right skillsets and culture     implemented across the Group.
                                        are needed to transform our       • Focus on recruiting and developing skills to run and
The Group businesses fail to attract,
                                        businesses at the pace              transform our business.
motivate, retain or develop our
                                        required.
people to deliver service and brand                                       • Operating companies’ engagement and organisational
excellence.                                                                 health surveys have been conducted with subsequent
                                                                            action plans developed.
Critical skillsets are not in place to                                    • Access to support individuals’ wellbeing.
execute on the required                                                   • IAG Code of Conduct is supported by an annual training
transformation and drive the                                                requirement for all of our staff.
business forward.

If the Group’s airlines cannot recruit
to respond to the demand
environment, given wider
recruitment challenges across
sectors of the economy, manpower
shortages may impact operational
capabilities.




112   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Business and operational
                                                    Strategic                 Interested stakeholders                    Risk trend
 10   Safety or                                     priorities                                                        2021        2020

      security incident                                   1
                                                      2       3
      Operating company CEOs

Status The Group’s airlines were focused on a safe return to operations in the year, with additional refresher training as flight crews,
cabin crews and ground colleagues returned to service, building back their skills and knowledge.
The IAG Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility Committee (SECR) of the Board and the Board of each operating
company continued to monitor the safety performance of IAG’s airlines. Safety and security responsibility lies with each Group airline
in accordance with its applicable standards. Further detail is provided in the SECR Committee report.

Risk description                       Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

A failure to prevent or respond       • The safety and security of our     • The corresponding safety committees of each of
effectively to a major safety or        customers and employees are          the airlines of the Group satisfy themselves that they
security incident or intelligence may   fundamental values for the           have the appropriate resources and procedures
adversely impact the                    Group.                               which include compliance with Air Operator Certificate
Group’s brands, operations and                                               requirements.
financial performance.                                                     • The Group’s airlines have comprehensive training and
                                                                             maintenance programmes in place, supported by a just
                                                                             culture environment.
                                                                           • There is ongoing security engagement with airports,
                                                                             regulators and public authorities across the airlines’
                                                                             networks.
                                                                           • Incident centres respond in a structured way in the event
                                                                             of a safety or security incident or intelligence.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           113
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Business and operational
                                                     Strategic     Interested stakeholders         Risk trend           Viability
  11   Transformation                                priorities                                 2021        2020        scenario

       and change                                          1                                                 N/A            V

                                                       2       3
       Chief Transformation Officer

Status The Group has established a Transformation Programme Management Office which has oversight of an agreed portfolio of
initiatives across the Group. Many of the programmes are multi-year and all are subject to the ongoing review and investment
approvals of the IAG Board.

Risk description                         Strategic relevance             Mitigations

Failure to transform the business to • The transformation agenda is      • The Chief Transformation Officer has clear oversight of
effectively maintain or grow share in  critical to the Group’s ability     all programmes.
the new competitive environment,       to compete in the new             • Consistent core metrics and dashboard reporting is used
fully implement all programmes         competitive marketplace,            to assess performance against plan.
across the Group and realise the       where distortionary effects of    • The dashboard and progress against delivery is assessed
benefits of the change initiatives to  aviation support schemes            by a core group of the IAG Management Committee
deliver Group digital platforms and    may have allowed                    weekly.
customer propositions.                 competitors to accelerate
                                                                         • The Group transformation agenda is subject to Board
                                       their change agendas and
The pace of change may expose the                                          approval and progress is regularly monitored by the
                                       invest to improve capabilities
Group to execution risk as multiple                                        Board.
                                       and customer propositions.
initiatives are delivered across                                         • There is operating company-led communications to our
processes and systems that serve                                           employees on change initiatives and changes that may
our operations and customers.                                              affect them.
                                                                         • Consideration is given to the Group’s sustainability
The impact on our people of the                                            commitments and agenda for all programmes.
wide-ranging change agenda if                                            • Any potential changes that could impact the brand are
poorly managed or uncoordinated                                            reviewed to mitigate against brand damage.
could lead to logistical and
engagement challenges with the
potential to negatively impact NPS,
revenue and efficiency benefits.

Further standardisation,
simplification and efficiencies of the
Group platforms are not delivered.

Competitors, or new entrants, may
invest to deploy digital technologies,
sustainability initiatives and/or
platforms ahead of the Group.

The Group focus on cash
preservation, debt and debt
repayment could limit the
investment available to deliver
initiatives.




114    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Financial risk including tax
                                                    Strategic       Interested stakeholders           Risk trend            Viability
 12   Debt                                          priorities                                     2021        2020         scenario

      funding                                             1                                                                     V

                                                      2       3
      Chief Financial Officer

Status Despite disruption in the financial markets since the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has proactively focused on
protecting liquidity by raising new non-aircraft debt, agreeing new aircraft leases and entering into new multi-year credit facilities.
Aircraft were successfully financed on long-term arrangements during the year.

   See Financial review section.

Risk description                       Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

Failure to finance ongoing             • The Group has substantial         • The IAG Board and Management Committee have
operations, committed                    debt that will need to be           reviewed the Group’s financial position and financing
aircraft orders and future               repaid or refinanced. The           strategy on a very frequent basis throughout the period
fleet growth plans.                      Group’s ability to finance          of the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                         ongoing operations,               • The Group has maintained clear focus on protecting
New financial arrangements, in           committed aircraft orders and       liquidity.
addition to the repayment of             future fleet growth plans is      • Additional funding arrangements entered into, including
existing arrangements, and               vulnerable to various factors       raising additional equity in 2020.
government support schemes (as           including financial market
applicable) may impact plans to          conditions, financial
transform the Group and will             institutions’ appetite for
influence the timing for IAG to          secured aircraft financing and
resume paying dividends to its           the financial market’s
shareholders.                            perceptions of the future
                                         resilience and cashflows of
                                         the Group.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          115
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Financial risk including tax
                                                    Strategic        Interested stakeholders            Risk trend           Viability
  13   Financial and                                priorities                                       2021        2020        scenario

       treasury‑related risk                           1                                                                         V

                                                      2 3
       Chief Financial Officer

Status The financial markets were impacted by the uncertainty derived from the COVID-19 pandemic. The approach to fuel risk
management, financial risk management, interest rate risk management, proportions of fixed and floating debt management and
financial counterparty credit risk management and the Group’s exposure by geography have all been re-evaluated this year to ensure
the Group responds to the rapidly changing financial environment appropriately. Details are set out in the Group financial statements.

Risk description                      Strategic relevance                    Mitigations

Failure to manage the volatility in   • The volatility in the price of oil   • Fuel price risk is partially hedged through the purchase
the price of oil and petroleum          and petroleum products can             of oil derivatives in accordance with the Group risk
products.                               have a material impact on the          appetite.
                                        Group’s operating results.           • All airlines hedge in line with the Group hedging policy
Failure to manage currency risk on    • The volatility in currencies           under the Group Treasury oversight.
revenue, purchases, cash and            other than the airlines’ local       • The Group’s fuel hedging policy was revised in early 2021
borrowings in foreign currencies        currencies can have a material         (and approved by the IAG Audit and Compliance
other than the airlines’ local          impact on the Group’s                  Committee) to better reflect the circumstances caused
currencies of euro and sterling.        operating results.                     by the COVID-19 pandemic and future capacity
Failure to manage the impact of       • The volatility in floating             expectations.
interest rate changes on floating       interest rates can have a            • The IAG Audit and Compliance Committee and IAG
finance debt and floating operating     material impact on the                 Management Committee regularly review the Group’s
leases.                                 Group’s operating results.             fuel and currency positions.
                                      • The Group is exposed to              • Currency risk is hedged through matching inflows and
Failure to manage the financial         non-performance of ﬁnancial            outflows and managing the surplus or shortfall through
counterparties credit exposure          contracts that may result in           foreign exchange derivatives.
arising from cash investments and       financial losses.                    • All airlines review routes to countries with exchange
derivatives trading.                                                           controls to monitor delays in the repatriation of cash
                                                                               and/or with the risk of material local currency
                                                                               devaluation.
                                                                             • The impact of rising interest rates is mitigated through
                                                                               structuring selected new debt and lease deals at fixed
                                                                               rates throughout their term as well as through derivatives
                                                                               instruments.
                                                                             • The Group has a financial counterparty credit limit
                                                                               allocation by airline and by type of exposure and
                                                                               monitors the financial and counterparty risk on an
                                                                               ongoing basis.
                                                                             • The IAG Management Committee and the IAG Audit and
                                                                               Compliance Committee regularly review the financial
                                                                               risks and the hedged amounts. Any position outside of
                                                                               policy limits has to be approved by the IAG Audit and
                                                                               Compliance Committee.




116    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Financial risk including tax
                                                     Strategic               Interested stakeholders                    Risk trend
 14   Tax                                            priorities                                                      2021        2020

      Chief Financial Officer                           1
                                                       2 3

Status Tax is managed in accordance with the Tax Strategy, found in the Corporate Policies section of the IAG website. Further
information about taxes paid and collected by IAG is set out in note 10 of the Group financial statements.

Risk description                        Strategic relevance                 Mitigations

The Group is exposed to systemic        • Payment of tax is a legal         • The Group adheres to the tax policy approved by the
tax risks arising from either changes     obligation. Changes in the tax      IAG Board and is committed to complying with all tax
to tax legislation and accounting         regulatory environment,             laws, to acting with integrity in all tax matters and to
standards or challenges by tax            including changes in tax rates,     working openly with tax authorities.
authorities on the interpretation or      may result in additional tax      • Tax risk is managed by the operating companies in
application of tax legislation.           costs for the Group and in          conjunction with the IAG Tax function.
                                          additional complexity in          • Tax risk is overseen by the Board through the Audit and
Businesses and consumers may be           complying with such changes.        Compliance Committee.
subject to higher levels of taxation      The Group’s tax strategy aims
as governments seek to increase                                             • The Group seeks to understand its stakeholders’
                                          to balance the needs of our
environmental taxes, redesign the                                             expectations on tax matters e.g. cooperative working
                                          key stakeholders, recognising
global tax framework and recover                                              with tax authorities and its interaction with non-
                                          that tax is one of Group’s
the national debts arising from                                               governmental organisations.
                                          positive contributions to the
COVID-19 pandemic support                 economies and wider
measures.                                 societies of the countries in
                                          which IAG operates.
The Group’s stakeholders’
expectations of the tax behaviours
of large corporates may lead to
reputational risk from the Group’s
management of tax.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         117
 Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Compliance and regulatory
                                                       Strategic                 Interested stakeholders                    Risk trend
  15    Group governance                               priorities                                                        2021        2020

        structure                                            1
                                                         2       3
        General Counsel

Status The aviation industry continues to operate under a range of nationality and other restrictions, some of which are relevant to
market access under applicable bi-lateral and multi-lateral air service agreements, while some are relevant to eligibility for applicable
operating licences. The Group will continue to encourage stakeholders to normalise ownership of airlines in line with other business
sectors.

      See Corporate governance section.

Risk description                          Strategic relevance                  Mitigations

The governance structures the             • Airlines are subject to a          • IAG will continue to monitor regulatory developments
Group has in place include                  significant degree of                affecting the ownership and control of airlines in the UK
nationality structures to protect           regulatory control. In order for     and EU.
Aer Lingus’, British Airways’ and           air carriers to hold EU
Iberia’s operating licences and/or          operating licences, an EU
route rights.                               airline must be majority-
                                            owned and effectively
IAG could face a challenge to its           controlled by EU nationals.
ownership and control structure.            British Airways is a UK carrier
                                            and not subject to the same
                                            requirement.

                                                       Strategic                 Interested stakeholders                    Risk trend
  16    Non-compliance with key                        priorities                                                        2021        2020

        regulation and laws                                  1
                                                         2       3
        General Counsel

Status The Group has maintained its focus on compliance with key regulations and mandatory training programmes have continued
throughout the year.

Risk description                          Strategic relevance                  Mitigations

The Group is exposed to the risk of       • Carrying out business in a         • The Group has clear frameworks in place including
individual employee’s or groups of          compliant manner and with            comprehensive Group-wide policies designed to
employees’ inappropriate and/or             integrity is fundamental to the      ensure compliance monitored by the IAG Audit and
unethical behaviour resulting in            values of the Group, as well as      Compliance Committee.
reputational damage, fines or losses        the expectation of the             • There are mandatory training programmes in place
to the Group.                               Group’s customers                    to educate employees as required for their roles in these
                                            and stakeholders.                    matters.
                                                                               • Compliance professionals specialising in competition
                                                                                 law and anti-bribery legislation support and advise the
                                                                                 Group’s businesses.
                                                                               • IAG Code of Conduct framework and mandatory training
                                                                                 is in place for all Group businesses.
                                                                               • Data Protection Officers are in place in all operating
                                                                                 companies.




118     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Viability assessment


Risk assessment across the timeline of           • Costs of compliance to environmental        reflected in the plan)
the plan                                           and climate change regulations and/or     • The scenarios have been defined by
The Directors have assessed key threats            lack of availability of infrastructure      management and designed to consider
and trends faced by the industry, emerging         within countries to meet commitments        principal risks that could materialise
risks and opportunities arising from the           or government mandates                      over the viability period and weaken
COVID-19 pandemic as well as other               • Areas of risk or opportunity for the        the Group’s liquidity position, and
industry and Group specific risks that             Group, such as ageing populations in        therefore its sustainability. Each
could impact the Group’s business plan:            Europe, war for talent, diversity and       scenario considered the impact on
                                                   inclusion ambitions, hybrid ways of         liquidity, solvency and the ability to
• These are considered in light of their
                                                   working and different career                raise financing in an uncertain and
  impact on our business model and
                                                   expectations from new joiners into          volatile environment
  relevance, operations, customers,
                                                   workforces and the aviation industry      • When considering the mitigations,
  financial status and include changes in
  regulations, customer trends and               • The ongoing challenges posed by the         management has assessed mitigations
  behaviours, macroeconomic predictions            COVID-19 pandemic, including                that are available to the business
  on growth, regional market                       structural changes in how customers         beyond operating cost reductions
  opportunities, technology trends,                travel, costs incurred by the Group in      including further financing, capital
  environmental implications and                   safeguarding customers and                  expenditure plans and potential
  infrastructure developments that could           colleagues and the potential                disposals. Options that may not have
  impact our operations, as well as more           macroeconomic consequences of               been previously considered as
  existential threats to aviation                  rising unemployment and inflation           mitigations were presented with
                                                 • The potential longer-term economic          recommendations for the Board to
• When developing the Group’s three-year
                                                   impact of Brexit                            consider. In assessing and approving
  business plan, longer-term
                                                 • The Group’s resilience to future events     the scenarios, the Board considered,
  considerations have been assessed by
                                                   impacting aviation or global markets        amongst other matters, the availability
  the Management Committee and the
                                                                                               and sufficiency of potential mitigations,
  Board in conjunction with the priorities       • Stakeholder expectations over
                                                                                               the expected speed of implementation
  faced by the business                            commitment to acting with integrity
                                                                                               in response to the uncertainty and the
• The Board has also conducted its annual          to protect our planet, particularly
                                                                                               future flexibility required for the Group
  strategy session in addition to progress         climate change and carbon impacts
                                                                                               to adapt further as needed
  reviews during the year. Following this      Viability scenario development                • Sensitivities in the scenarios’
  process, short-, medium- and longer-
                                               • The Group has undertaken extensive            assumptions have been highlighted by
  term priorities, challenges and
                                                 analysis, forecasting and scenario            management and challenged by the
  opportunities have been identified and
                                                 modelling over the last year. It has          Board. In addition, the Board reviewed
  actions agreed
                                                 refined its forecasting models and            the results of capacity and margin
Longer-term trends and risk                      depth of analysis to ensure that              reverse stress tests, which
considerations                                   stresses considered reflect specifics to      demonstrated the level of sustained
• The Directors have assessed industry,          markets and regions relevant to the           capacity reductions, with losses capped
  Group specific and non sector-specific         Group’s airlines as well as the analysis      as experienced through the pandemic
  longer-term trends over a timeframe            completed at the Group level                  and losses followed by margin decline
  beyond the plan period, such as climate      • During 2021, the Board regularly              (before mitigations) that would result in
  change regulation, infrastructure              reviewed scenarios stressing the              the Group using all available liquidity
  proposals at hubs, availability and timing     financial plans. These exercises              (including cash and currently available
  of technologies in fleet that will benefit     leveraged the existing processes and          undrawn credit facilities) and compared
  the environment, move to and                   models used for viability assessment          this to the outputs from the scenarios
  exploitation of the Cloud and disruptive       within the Group                            • The Downside Lockdown scenario was
  innovation. This may require the             • When considering the viability of the         considered to be the most severly
  business to consider strategic responses,      Group, for the purposes of this report,       impactful but plausible scenario that
  plans to adapt and require new skillsets       the Directors have evaluated the risk         could threaten the Group, and in excess
  to implement ahead of any potential            landscape facing the Group and                of any other plausible combination of
  impact to the Group plan                       recommended plausible but severe              scenarios. Mitigating actions as
• Other considerations include:                  downside scenarios that could impact          described in the Downside Cases were
                                                 the Group’s refreshed three-year plan         also considered across all of the
  • Economic trends and shifts in the
                                                 to determine the Group’s resilience to        scenarios modelled
    relative strengths of global economies
                                                 such impacts. The results of these          • Management has assessed and the
    including market dynamics and
                                                 scenarios on the plan have been               Board considered the longer-term
    changes in customer behaviours or
                                                 presented both pre and post an                sustainability and climate risks, applying
    sentiment to travel
                                                 assessment of the likely effectiveness        scenario analysis techniques as set out
  • Supply chains and connectivity,
                                                 of the mitigations that management            by the TCFD process. Further details
    movement of physical goods,
                                                 reasonably believes would be available        can be found in the Sustainability
    inflationary and availability pressures
                                                 over this period (and not already             report
    on key suppliers



                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       119
    Strategic Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL RISK FACTORS CONTINUED




Scenarios modelled
No.      Title                                                                                                         Link to principal risks
1        Downside cases and sensitivities further stressing the plan
         Downside cases stressing the plan to model prolonged imposition of restrictions and a more gradual                         2, 4, 7, 12, 13
         recovery relative to the plan. This could be caused by factors such as new variants emerging and
         differing governments’ appetite for pandemic measures, including vaccine and testing requirements
         for entry, the availability of treatments in countries and border closures. Two scenarios were
         modelled and assessed, referred to as the “Downside Case” and “Downside Lockdown Case”. Both
         scenarios reflect a capacity restricted environment, with the second of these having a more
         significant impact on the status of travel, with heightened restrictions being re-imposed worldwide
         significantly lowering capacity. The Downside Lockdown case is representative of the environment
         experienced in Q1 2021, with modelling the impact of national lockdowns and severe restrictions
         impacting the Group airlines in all regions for a period of two months during 2022, with capacity
         recovering to the Downside case levels in mid-2023. Both scenarios model a more acute impact on
         the longhaul sector, with the domestic sector and European shorthaul sectors recovering faster than
         longhaul, as experienced in 2021.
         The Group does not need to draw down on its general credit facilities (being the multi operating
         company Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of $1.755m and the BA UKEF £1.0 billion credit facility, both
         negotiated and executed in 2021) under the Downside scenario. In the Downside Lockdown
         scenario, it is assumed that these facilities would be fully drawn down.
         As part of the modelling, consideration was given to some of the key factors that could influence the
         evolution of cash in the Downside and Downside Lockdown cases. Cost mitigations were considered
         across all operating cost lines, including the impact of cost variability being lower than that assumed.
         Fuel was modelled directly, based on fuel curves and hedging plans. Working capital and capital
         expenditure adjustments were applied within the scenarios. The scenarios assume that the Group is
         able to continue to secure financing for future aircraft deliveries, having successfully financed all
         aircraft purchases during 2020 and 2021, and, in addition, has further potential mitigating actions,
         including asset disposals, it would pursue in the event of adverse liquidity experience.
         The period to June 2023 of this Downside Lockdown case scenario has also been applied as the
         Downside case set out in the going concern analysis (see note 2 of the Group financial statements).
2        Business transformation delays and gaps in critical skillsets
         Potential for lost revenue impact arising from delays in delivering and realising the benefits of                              1, 2, 9, 11
         business transformation initiatives. Increased costs from critical skills not being in place to deliver the
         transformation as a result of continuing uncertainty surrounding aviation industry, staff engagement
         and pace of required change.
3        Ransomware attack
         A stress to model the impact of a ransomware attack on an IAG airline. The scenario assumes a                                     6, 7, 8
         disruption period of 1-2 weeks resulting from the attack before full connectivity is restored,
         impacting customers and operations of the affected airline. It also assumes lost revenue due to
         disruption of operations at the affected airline with knock-on impact to other IAG airlines due to
         need to isolate and switch off connectivity of Group shared credentials platforms. There are also
         further lost revenues due to reputational impact and increased EU 261 costs. Associated costs of
         recovering from the incident include the disruption through the investigation period including
         increased IT costs as well as brand impacts, and the potential for regulatory scrutiny and fines.
4        Increasing awareness of sustainability agenda impacting the Group
         A revenue stress on shorthaul operations across the Group in years 2 and 3 to reflect changes in                                        5
         customer behaviours towards shorthaul travel where other travel options exist, with the additional
         imposition of costs from sustainable fuel usage (with no/limited ability to pass this on to the
         customer). The scenario also includes an assumption where there is a slower than anticipated return
         of corporate travel business (both long and shorthaul) versus plan expectations.
         This scenario allows the Board to understand the potential impacts of the Sustainability agenda on
         the Group’s future financial performance over the life of the plan to 2024. Longer-term
         consideration of the impacts of climate change and carbon and regulatory initiatives to address this
         within the aviation sector, such as the EU Fit for 55 proposals, the cost and availability of
         sustainable aviation fuel are also subject to assessment and modelling by the Group.




120     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Viability statement


The Directors have assessed the viability    Further details on debt financing can be          Due to the uncertainty created by the
of the Group over three years to             found in the Going Concern disclosures in         COVID-19 pandemic, the potential for
December 2024 considering the ongoing        note 2 of the Group financial statements.         future waves of the COVID-19 pandemic
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the                                                         and the consequential impact on travel
                                             Based on this assessment, the Directors
external environment and aviation                                                              restrictions and/or demand, the Group is
                                             have a reasonable expectation that the
industry, the assumptions of the plan, the                                                     not able to provide certainty that there
                                             Group will be able to continue in operation,
strategy of the Group and the Board’s risk                                                     could not be more severe downside
                                             meet its liabilities as they fall due and raise
appetite. Although the prospects of the                                                        scenarios than those it has considered,
                                             financing as required over the period to
Group are considered over a longer period,                                                     including the stresses it has considered in
                                             December 2024. However, this is subject
the Directors have determined that a                                                           relation to factors such as the impact on
                                             to a number of significant factors that are
three-year period is an appropriate time                                                       yield, capacity operated, cost mitigations
                                             outside of the control of the Group. In
frame for assessment as it is aligned with                                                     achieved and fuel price variations. In the
                                             reaching this assessment the Directors
the Group’s strategic planning period (as                                                      event that such a scenario were to occur,
                                             have made the following assumptions
reflected in the plan) and the external                                                        the Group would need to implement
                                             when considering both the plan and the
uncertainties facing the aviation sector                                                       additional mitigation measures and would
                                             Downside Lockdown scenario case (the
more widely are significantly beyond any                                                       likely need to secure additional funding
                                             most severe and plausible of the downside
experience to date and continue to drive                                                       over and above that which is contractually
                                             scenarios considered):
change in the external risk environment.                                                       committed at February 24, 2022. The
The Board recognises the pace of change      • the Group will continue to have access          Group has been successful in raising
required within the Group to further adapt     to funding options and that the capital         financing since the outbreak of COVID-19,
and respond to this environment in             markets retain a level of stability and         however the Group cannot provide
addition to the rapidly changing               appetite for funding within the aviation        certainty that it will be able to secure
competitive landscape and wider global         sector;                                         additional funding, if required, in the event
macroeconomic conditions.                    • the Group can implement any further             that a more severe downside scenario than
                                               structural changes required in                  those it has considered were to occur.
The Group has modelled the impact of
                                               agreement with any union consultation
mitigating actions to offset further
                                               processes and regulatory approvals;
deterioration in demand and capacity,
including reductions in operating            • future COVID-19 pandemic impacts do
expenditure and capital expenditure. The       not result in further prolonged and
Group expects to be able to continue to        substantial capacity reductions and
secure financing for future aircraft           groundings beyond 2022; and not to Q2
deliveries and in addition has further         2020 levels, as governments do not
potential mitigating actions it would          have the appetite for the economic
pursue in the event of adverse liquidity       impact and stress that it would place on
experience.                                    their respective economies;
                                             • and any new virus strain or threat to
                                               public health that emerges during the
                                               viability period can be managed within
                                               existing health and testing regimes
                                               without recourse to government
                                               regulations that significantly affect
                                               our airlines’ operations.




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          121
 Strategic Report

REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT




Making the case
for positive policies
                                                                                               companies, to manage the process of
                                                                                               implementing rule changes, thus
                                                                                               benefitting from the wide range of
                                                                                               experience and expertise across the
                                                                                               Group.
                                                                                               IAG’s engagement included highlighting
                                                                                               the benefits and value of aviation,
                                                                                               especially that of transatlantic traffic, at
                                                                                               the highest levels. The Group was well
                                                                                               prepared to meet the US authorities’
                                                                                               requirements for track and trace data
                                                                                               when the country opened to vaccinated
                                                                                               foreign visitors in November.
                                                                                               The US opening came as part of a gradual
                                                                                               removal of restrictions in IAG’s key home
                                                                                               markets and around the world along with
                                                                                               the welcome simplification of the UK’s
                                                                                               traffic light system and the removal of
                                                                                               hotel quarantine requirements in the UK
                                                                                               and Ireland.
                                                                                               The unpredictable nature of the pandemic
The political and regulatory environment in    COVID-19                                        was emphasised when further restrictions
2021 continued to provide IAG with             Regulatory reaction to address the threat       on travel to certain countries were
significant challenges as states around the    of COVID-19 required IAG and its operating      imposed by governments in response to
world maintained, and in many cases            companies to monitor and manage very            the spread of the Omicron variant. IAG
tightened, restrictions on international       many developments in the regulatory field       continues to argue for such policy action
travel as part of their ongoing responses to   throughout 2021.                                to be proportionate so that future variants
the COVID-19 pandemic. While always                                                            of concern should not, for example, result
                                               In order to encourage the adoption of
seeking to maintain the safety of its                                                          in blanket measures on all travellers, such
                                               practical and reasonable rules, as well as to
customers and colleagues, IAG worked to                                                        as the need for onerous and costly testing
                                               mitigate their impacts on the business, IAG
influence common sense approaches to                                                           regardless of origin.
                                               and its operating companies took every
rule-making and the safe lifting of
                                               opportunity to engage with the authorities      Throughout the pandemic IAG has
restrictions as vaccination programmes
                                               in the countries in which its airlines are      advocated the establishment of a global
expanded.
                                               established and in other major markets          approach to imposing restrictions and to
The effects of the pandemic had additional     directly and through trade associations.        rule-making through ICAO to reduce
knock-on impacts in a variety of areas as      Understanding restrictions, implementing,       confusion for customers and airlines alike.
policy makers and regulators reacted to        and complying with associated regulations,      The Group continues to urge governments
the reduction in traffic, leading to           as well as keeping customers informed of        to come together to develop a joint
temporary changes in policy. Specifically,     requirements, was unfortunately made            approach to crisis management that
there were restrictions that impacted IAG      ever more difficult by the very                 applies a consistent set of requirements
carriers via the limitation of frequencies     considerable variations between                 whether for future pandemics (including
and allocation of capacity between             jurisdictions and further by constant           moving to a traveller-based approach to
competitor airlines in several international   changes to regulations, often implemented       risk rather than bans by country, allowing
markets that the Group worked to reduce        with little or no notice.                       fully vaccinated passengers to travel
or remove.                                                                                     without restriction, and setting standard
                                               Swift development of digital applications
Alongside the pandemic, sustainability         by the Group, such as British Airways’          architectures for digital health certificates)
continued to be the most important area        in-house Right To Fly or Iberia’s and           or for other upheavals that could impact
of regulatory policy development affecting     Vueling’s AirCheck system, as well as           the operation of this global industry.
the industry. Interest around the world in     collaboration with independent apps such        Sustainability – Brussels
the management of carbon emissions             as VeriFLY, were essential in helping verify    IAG has continued to champion the cause
grew in the run-up to COP26 in November        customers’ travel documents and                 of sustainable aviation and to share its
with ongoing scrutiny of the contribution      managing demand as passenger volumes            plans for reducing carbon emissions as the
of air transport to emissions. This is a       began to return in the second half of the       industry recovers.
challenge to which IAG is leading the          year.
aviation industry’s response.                                                                  To explain and promote its sustainability
                                               As well as the unprecedented level of           position, the Group has engaged with
                                               engagement with governments over this           representatives of the institutions of the
                                               period, IAG established internal working        European Union over the European
                                               groups, both cross department within            Commission’s Fit for 55 package. This
                                               operating companies and across Group            commits the EU to reducing net


122   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55%         from that of the US and other key markets,    outcome for both IAG’s airlines and for
by 2030 (compared with 1990) and to              was disappointing. IAG continues to           consumers.
reaching climate neutrality by 2050.             support the use of the proven, effective
                                                                                               Market access
                                                 global rules of the IATA Worldwide Airport
IAG welcomes Fit for 55, and its objectives                                                    During the pandemic, regulatory approval
                                                 Slots Guidelines.
with which the Group is aligned, as a                                                          was secured for a range of flights for
powerful package for change. However,            Competition                                   Aer Lingus, British Airways and Iberia to
IAG continues to argue that the design of        Another feature of the impacts of the         new destinations or for new purposes
some elements may reduce the EU’s                pandemic in 2021 was that in some             including cargo and passenger charter
capacity to invest in sustainability and         markets, governments imposed                  services. As restrictions began to be lifted
make it less competitive compared with           peremptory or arbitrary restrictions on       attention turned to strategic actions to
other non-EU aviation markets.                   capacity to protect their home carriers on    expand markets.
IAG does not support the imposition of the       the pretext of safeguarding public health.
                                                                                               The start of Aer Lingus’s operations from
jet fuel tax that Fit for 55 proposes. This is   IAG and its operating companies continue
                                                                                               Manchester to the Caribbean
not a solution for decarbonisation but will      to work through the governments of its
                                                                                               demonstrated the Group’s flexible business
reduce the sector’s ability to invest in more    home countries and in the markets in
                                                                                               model, including IAG’s central Government
effective measures. Instead, we are firmly       question to promote the benefit of
                                                                                               Relations team helping to secure
of the view that policy should focus on          competition to consumers and the health
                                                                                               regulatory permission from both UK and
increasing the use of Sustainable Aviation       of the aviation industry and to encourage a
                                                                                               US authorities for the new UK-based
Fuels (SAF) and market-based measures            full return to normal operations in 2022.
                                                                                               operation. Further regulatory engagement
such as the EU Emissions Trading System          Airport charges                               with several countries in the Caribbean,
(ETS) and ICAO’s Carbon Offsetting and           Working with the trade association Airlines   Africa and Asia has also helped secure the
Reduction Scheme (CORSIA).                       for Europe (A4E), IAG continued to            significant expansion of code share
IAG contends that increasing the use of          promote the need for changes to airport       networks, in particular with Kenya Airways
SAF, which reduce lifecycle CO2 emissions        charges legislation in Europe to make the     and Qatar Airways.
by up to 85 per cent, provides the primary       industry fit for a more competitive future.   IAG monitored, as usual, developments in
near-term opportunity to drive down              The Group continues to monitor                relevant international relationships and air
industry emissions. In April, IAG became         developments and engage with regulators       services agreements throughout the year,
the first European airline group to commit       around the world as airports seek to          including the discussions in the Autumn
to powering 10 per cent of its flights with      increase charges to pass on their losses      between the EU and the UK on the
SAF by 2030. We encourage the EU to              over the last two years to their airline      Northern Ireland protocol (since the
include a package of investment incentives       customers. A key focus during 2021 was on     UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement
to enable scaled-up production of SAF            Heathrow’s regulatory price review. The       includes provisions on aviation). Any
alongside the blending mandate                   airport sought to double charges when         potential changes to the status of the
requirement that Fit for 55 introduces.          other hubs (e.g. all airports in Spain) are   protocol are not expected to have an
                                                 keeping rates flat or seeing only small       impact on the air services arrangements
British Airways launched its BA Better
                                                 increases (e.g. Frankfurt). It was            between the EU and the UK.
World sustainability strategy in September
                                                 disappointing to see the Civil Aviation
and also procured the use of sufficient SAF                                                    In 2021 overall, the Group took every
                                                 Authority (CAA) announce, in December,
to power all flights between London and                                                        opportunity to emphasise the economic
                                                 that it would allow Heathrow to increase
Glasgow during COP26.                                                                          and social value of aviation in facilitating
                                                 charges by 50 per cent in 2022 (the
IAG has long been an advocate for and            interim price cap). British Airways and IAG   trade, tourism and in reuniting families
contributor to the design of CORSIA. The         are fully engaged in the CAA’s review         separated by the pandemic, and also to
Group believes the Fit for 55 package            process that continues through the first      demonstrate that this is being done in a
must work alongside global measures, not         half of 2022. We seek to demonstrate that     responsible and environmentally
duplicate them, and that the EU ETS              charges should in fact more reasonably be     sustainable manner.
should apply to intra-EU flights and             reduced at Heathrow over the remainder
CORSIA to extra-EU flights. Applying both        of the regulatory period to 2026 in the
systems to flights between EU Member             interests of preserving the competitiveness
States risks undermining support for             of UK aviation and providing a better
CORSIA outside Europe.
Other policy issues
Slot allocation
A key impact of the pandemic, given the
dramatic reduction in demand, was the
need for a waiver from regulators to the
slot allocation rules that would otherwise
risk breaking up long-established airline
networks. IAG worked with its trade
association, the International Air Transport
Association (IATA) to advocate the
adoption of a system agreed with airports
and slot coordinators that would recognise
the value to consumers to allow temporary
alleviation from “the use it or lose it” rules
so as to maintain networks of airlines who
have built them up over the years. The UK
and others sensibly adopted full waivers of
the “use it or lose it" rules but the
patchwork of approaches adopted,
including the different position of the EU



                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         123
 Corporate Governance

CHAIRMAN'S INTRODUCTION TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




Committed to leading with
purpose and integrity

                                                                       It is my pleasure to present this Corporate
                                                                       Governance report which provides an
                                                                       overview of the way in which our Group is
                                                                       governed and the most relevant matters
                                                                       we have encountered during 2021.
                                                                       My first year as IAG Chairman has seen
                                                                       unprecedented circumstances and
                                                                       significant change at Board and
                                                                       management level. I am pleased to be
                                                                       supported by such an experienced and
                                                                       committed team as we continue to
                                                                       navigate the impacts of the pandemic.
                                                                       Both our purpose and our vision are clearly
                                                                       reflected in the Board and management’s
                                                                       commitment to create and deliver
                                                                       long-term sustainable value for our people,
                                                                       customers, shareholders and our society.
                                                                       Firstly, by weathering this crisis and
                                                                       making the most of the recovery.
                                                                       Secondly, by transforming our business
                                                                       and preparing it for a post-COVID future.
                                                                       In the last year, the Board met 19 times
                                                                       including two dedicated sessions on our
                                                                       strategy and long-term transformation
Javier Ferrán
                                                                       aspirations. The September meeting in
Chairman
                                                                       Madrid was particularly rewarding as we
                                                                       met face-to-face for the first time since
                                                                       February 2020. It was pleasing to
                                                                       corroborate first-hand that, as productive
                                                                       as online working proved to be, it cannot
                                                                       replace the benefits of being together in
                                                                       person, which is central to our purpose
                                                                       and business.
                                                                       Our unique model proved resilient and has
                                                                       served us well during the pandemic. The
                                                                       strength of our empowered operating
                                                                       companies has enabled them to respond
                                                                       effectively to a fast-changing environment
                                                                       in the different markets in which they
                                                                       operate. Being part of the Group also
                                                                       enabled us to share strategies and best
                                                                       practices to improve our response to the
                                                                       crisis and coordinate actions accordingly.
“Both our purpose and our vision are                                   Sustainability remains a key priority. As

 clearly reflected in the Board and
                                                                       announced last year, the Board is
                                                                       supported in this work by the newly

 management’s commitment to create
                                                                       established Safety, Environment and
                                                                       Corporate Responsibility Committee. In

 long-term sustainable value for our
                                                                       parallel, the Management Committee has
                                                                       been bolstered with the appointment of a

 people, customers, shareholders and
                                                                       Chief People, Corporate Affairs and
                                                                       Sustainability Officer to ensure

 our society.”
                                                                       sustainability remains at the core of our
                                                                       strategy.




124   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Board composition                              Management changes                             Board evaluation
As anticipated, Antonio Vázquez retired as     I was pleased to welcome two new               Reflecting our commitment to good
IAG Chairman on January 7, 2021.               members of the Management Committee            governance, the Nominations Committee
Moreover, we started the year with three       during the year. Firstly, as reported last     oversaw the evaluation of the Board and
new non-executive directors, Peggy             year, David Podolsky, who was previously       all committees’ performance. The outcome
Bruzelius, Eva Castillo and Heather Ann        at Bain & Co, joined the Group in January      of this review and details of the process
McSharry, who joined the Board on              2021 as Chief Strategy Officer, he also        are provided later in this report.
December 31, 2020. In addition, Maurice        became Chief Executive Officer of IAG
                                                                                              Our robust and efficient governance
Lam joined our Board as a non-executive        Cargo from April 2021 . Secondly, we
                                                                                              processes underpin our ability to live our
director, at our Shareholders Meeting in       appointed Carolina Martinoli as Chief
                                                                                              values and deliver our strategy. The Board
June 2021. All of these new appointees         People, Corporate Affairs and
                                                                                              is committed to ensuring that we continue
have completed their induction                 Sustainability Officer from April 2021.
                                                                                              to adhere to high standards of corporate
programmes during the year as further          Carolina has extensive experience in the
                                                                                              governance so that we can create
detailed in the Nominations Committee          Group having worked at both British
                                                                                              long-term sustainable value for our
Report.                                        Airways and Iberia for more than 10 years
                                                                                              shareholders and perform in the interests
                                               including leadership roles in brand and
Our people                                                                                    of all our stakeholders.
                                               customer experience, as well as successful
I would like to highlight our renewed focus                                                   As I have said before, our people are at the
                                               business transformation.
on our people who are at the centre of                                                        heart of our business and I would like to
everything we do and achieve. The Board        Within the Management Committee, Lynne
                                                                                              express once again our deep appreciation
has direct oversight over culture, and         Embleton was appointed Chairman and
                                                                                              for the efforts and commitment shown
together with management is redoubling         Chief Executive Officer of Aer Lingus from
                                                                                              during this difficult year. I would also like to
efforts to nurture our talent and align our    April 2021. From 2017, she led IAG Cargo
                                                                                              thank my Board colleagues for their
culture, purpose and strategy. In addition     and was responsible for setting the
                                                                                              continued support and dedication
to Nicola Shaw and Alberto Terol, the          business on a digital transformation
                                                                                              throughout this period.
Board has appointed Eva Castillo as a          journey. Prior to this, Lynne held a number
designated director supporting the             of leadership roles at British Airways.
workforce engagement initiatives detailed                                                     Javier Ferrán
                                               As announced in October 2021, Steve            Chairman
later in this report.                          Gunning has decided to stand down as
The Board is also prioritising diversity and   Chief Financial Officer and leave the Group
inclusion. I am pleased that we are leading    following the release of our full year 2021
by example with a significant 42 per cent      results. After a rigorous search process, I
female representation on the Board, which      am pleased to welcome Nicholas Cadbury
is 62 per cent of our independent              who will join us in March 2022. He is a
directors, and with women chairing two of      well-respected and experienced CFO with
the Board committees. We also comply           an excellent track record at Whitbread,
with the Parker Review target for ethnic       Premier Farnell and Dixons Carphone,
diversity on FTSE 100 boards. Despite this     including valuable board experience as
progress, there is still more to be done       non-executive director and Chair of the
across the business and IAG management         Audit Committee for Land Securities.
is committed to do so. To this end, a          On behalf of the Board, I would like to
cross-Group Diversity Panel was created        thank Steve for his significant contribution
to share best practice and to lead the         in helping us build resilience and a solid
co-design of new diversity and inclusion       financial position from which the Group
initiatives. Additionally, we have set a new   will be able to continue to navigate the
target of having at least 40 per cent of       challenges ahead.
senior roles held by women and we will
continue to review our policies to ensure
we are a diverse and inclusive organisation.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          125
 Corporate Governance

BOARD LEADERSHIP




Our board of directors




Javier Ferrán N                                    Alberto Terol R N                                  Peggy Bruzelius A
Key areas of experience:                           Key areas of experience:                           Key areas of experience:
Consumer, finance, sales/marketing, governance     Finance, professional services, information        Financial services, corporate finance
Current external appointments:                     technology, hospitality industry                   Current external appointments:
Chairman, Diageo Plc. Senior advisor to            Current external appointments:                     Chair, Lancelot Holding AB. Non-executive
BlackRock Long Term Private Capital and            Vice Chairman, Lead Independent Director and       director and Chair of the Audit Committee,
director of investee company.                      Chair of the Nominations, Remuneration and         Lundin Energy AB. Non-executive director and
Previous relevant experience:                      Corporate Governance Committee, Indra              Chair of the Investment Committee, Skandia
Non-executive director, Coca Cola European         Sistemas. Non-executive Director, Chairman of      Mutual Life Insurance. Member, the Royal
Partners Plc 2016-2020. Chairman of Supervisory    the Audit Committee, GMP Property SOCIMI, S.A.     Academy of Engineering Sciences.
Board, Picard Surgelés 2010-2020. Member,          Non-executive Director, Broseta Abogados.          Previous relevant experience:
International Advisory Board ESADE 2005–2019.      Non-executive director, Schindler España.          Chair, Swedish National Agency for Higher
Non-executive director, Associated British Foods   Independent Director Varma, S.A. Vice Chairman     Education 2008-2011. Member Board of Trustees,
plc 2005–2018. Non-executive director, Desigual    and non-executive Director of Ontime Corporate     Stockholm School of Economics 2000-2011.
SA. 2014-2017. Non-executive director, SABMiller   Union. Patron of Fundación Telefónica. Vice        Various Corporate Boards, Trygg Hansa Liv AB,
plc 2015–2016. Vice Chairman, William Grants &     Chairman Circulo de Empresarios. Executive         Celsius AB, AB Ratos, Scania AB, The Body Shop
Sons Limited 2005–2014. Non-executive director,    Chairman of various family owned companies.        Plc, Axel Johnson AB, Axfood AB Husqvarna AB
Louis Dreyfus Holdings BV 2013–2014. Non-          Previous relevant experience:                      1992-2019. Senior Independent Director, AB
executive director, Abbott Group 2005–2008.        International Senior Advisor, Centerbridge         Electrolux 1996-2012. Non-executive director,
Non-executive director, Chupa Chups SA             2014-2021. Chairman of the Supervisory Board,      Syngenta AG 2001-2014. Non-executive director,
2000-2003. Partner, Lion Capital LLC 2005–         Senvion GmbH 2017–2019. Non-executive              Diageo plc 2009-2018. Non-executive director,
2018. President EMEA, President and CEO,           director, OHL 2010–2016. Non-executive director,   Akzo Nobel nv 2007-2019. Executive Vice
Bacardi Group 1992-2004.                           Aktua 2013–2016. Non-executive director, N+1       President, Head of Asset Management
                                                   2014–2015. International Senior Advisor, BNP       Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 1997-1998. CEO,
                                                   Paribas 2011–2014. Member, Global Executive        ABB Financial Services AB 1991-1997.
                                                   Committee Deloitte 2007–2009 previously from
                                                   2003, Member Global Management Committee.
                                                   Managing Partner, EMEA Deloitte and Global Tax
                                                   & Legal 2007–2009. Managing Partner, Latin
                                                   America Deloitte 2003–2007, Integration
                                                   Andersen Deloitte 2002–2003, Managing Partner
                                                   EMEA, Arthur Andersen 2001–2002, Managing
                                                   Partner Global Tax & Legal, Arthur Andersen
                                                   1997–2001, Managing Partner, Garrigues-
                                                   Andersen 1997–2000.
Luis Gallego
Key areas of experience:
Airline industry, general management                                                                  Eva Castillo A R
Current external appointments:                                                                        Key areas of experience:
Member of the Board of Governors and Member                                                           Financial sector, telecoms sector
of the Chair Committee, IATA.                                                                         Current external appointments:
Previous relevant experience:                                                                         Non-executive director, Caixabank. Non-
Chairman and CEO, Iberia 2013-2020. CEO, Iberia                                                       executive director, Zardoya Otis. Trustee of the
Express 2012-2013. Chief Operating Officer,                                                           Council for Economy of the Holy See (Vatican),
Vueling 2009-2012. Founder of Clickair                                                                Trustee of the Board of the Comillas ICAI
2006-2009.                                                                                            Foundation. Member of Entreculturas
                                                   Giles Agutter N S                                  Foundation. Member of Advantere School of
                                                                                                      Management.
                                                   Key areas of experience:
                                                   Airline industry                                   Previous relevant experience:
                                                                                                      Non-executive director, Bankia 2012-2021. Chair
                                                   Current external appointments:
                                                                                                      Telefónica Deutschland AG. 2012-2018. Non-
                                                   CEO, Southern Sky Ltd. Director, JSX Airlines.
                                                                                                      executive director, Telefónica, S.A. 2008-2018.
                                                   Previous relevant experience:                      Non-executive director VISA Europe Plc
                                                   Non-executive director, LATAM Airlines Group       2014-2017. President and CEO, Telefónica Europe
                                                   2017-2020. Non-executive director, Air Italy       2012-2014. Non-executive director, Old Mutual
                                                   2017-2020.                                         Plc 2011-2013. President and CEO Merrill Lynch
                                                                                                      Capital Markets, Spain 1999-2006. President and
                                                                                                      CEO, Merrill Lynch, Wealth Management EMEA
                                                                                                      2006-2009.

                                                                                                      .

126    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Key

      Committee Chair                                 N   Nominations Committee                            R   Remuneration Committee
A     Audit and Compliance Committee                  S   Safety, Environment and Corporate
                                                          Responsibility Committee




Margaret Ewing A N                                   Maurice Lam A S                                      Emilio Saracho R S
Key areas of experience:                             Key areas of experience:                             Key areas of experience:
Professional services, financial accounting,         Professional services, financial accounting, audit   Banking, corporate finance, investment
corporate finance, strategic and capital planning,   and compliance in the banking industry               management
corporate governance, risk management                Current external appointments:                       Current external appointments:
Current external appointments:                       Independent Director, Chairman of the Audit          Senior Advisor, Altamar Capital Partners.
Senior Independent Director and Chair of the         Committee and Member of the Board Risk               Non-executive director, Inditex.
Audit and Risk Committee, ConvaTec Group Plc.        Committee, Bank of China (Europe) S.A.               Previous relevant experience:
Non-executive director and Chair of the Audit        Independent director and Chairman of the Audit       Chairman, Banco Popular Español 2017. Vice
and Risk Committee, ITV Plc.                         & Compliance Committee of Banque                     Chairman and Member Investment Banking
Previous relevant experience:                        Internationale à Luxembourg S.A.                     Management Committee, JP Morgan 2015–2016.
Trustee and Chairman of the Finance and Audit        Previous relevant experience:                        Deputy CEO EMEA 2012–2015, Co-CEO
Committee, Great Ormond Street Hospital              Independent Director, Chairman of the Audit          Investment Banking for EMEA 2009-2014, JP
Children’s Charity 2015-2020. Non-executive          Committee and Member of the Board Risk               Morgan. CEO, JP Morgan Private Banking for
director, Standard Chartered Plc 2012–2014.          Committee of Quintet Private Bank (Europe) S.A.      EMEA 2006–2008. Director, Cintra 2008.
Independent external member of the Audit and         2015-2020. Member of the Board of Directors of       Director, ONO 2008. Chairman, JP Morgan Spain
Risk Committee, John Lewis Partnership Plc           LuxConnect S.A., a Luxembourg State owned            & Portugal 1998–2006. Global Investment
2012–2014. Non-executive director, Whitbread         Company, acting as a business enabler in the ICT     Banking Head, Santander Investment (UK)
Plc 2005–2007. Vice Chairman, Managing               market 2013-2016. Independent Director, Generali     1995–1998. Head Corporate Finance Iberia,
Partner, Public Policy, Quality and Risk and         Fund Management S.A. 2013. Deloitte                  Goldman Sachs International 1990–1995.
London Practice Senior Partner, Deloitte LLP         Luxembourg, Managing Partner and CEO,
2007–2012. Director, Finance, BAA Ltd 2006 and       2000-2010, Head of Audit 1993-2000, Audit
Chief Financial Officer, BAA PLC 2002–2006.          Partner, Financial services 1988-1993 ; Deloitte &
Group Finance Director, Trinity Mirror PLC           Touche UK 1979-1985.
2000–2002. Partner, Corporate Finance, Deloitte
& Touche LLP 1987–1999.




                                                                                                          Nicola Shaw R S
                                                                                                          Key areas of experience:
                                                                                                          Transport sector, public policy and regulatory
                                                                                                          affairs, consumer, safety and environment
                                                     Heather Ann McSharry N           R                   operational management
                                                     Key areas of experience:                             Previous relevant experience:
Robin Phillips S                                     General management, pharmaceuticals/health           Executive Director, National Grid plc 2016-2021.
Key areas of experience:                             care, financial services, consumer products, food    Non-Executive Director Ellevio AB 2015–2017.
Finance, airline industry and transportation         and construction industry sectors, governance        CEO, HS1 Ltd 2011–2016. Non-Executive Director,
Current external appointments:                       Current external appointments:                       Aer Lingus Plc 2010–2015. Director and
Chairman, Development Funding Board,                 Non-executive director, Chair of Nominations         previously other senior positions FirstGroup plc
Pancreatic Cancer UK. Senior Advisor,                and Governance Committee, Jazz                       2005–2010. Director of Operations and other
Circadence Corporation (US). Board member,           Pharmaceuticals Plc.                                 management positions at the Strategic Rail
IR - Scientific (Canada).                                                                                 Authority 2002–2005. Deputy Director and
                                                     Previous relevant experience:
Previous relevant experience:                        Non-executive director, CRH plc 2012-2021.           Deputy Chief Economist, Office of the Rail
Global Head/Co-Head of Corporate and                 Non-executive director, Greencore plc 2013-2021.     Regulator (ORR) 1999–2002.
Investment Banking, Head of Global Banking           Non-executive director, Uniphar Plc 2019-2020.
and Markets (Hong Kong), Group Head                  Non-executive director, Bank of Ireland Plc
Climate committee, Head of Global Industries         2007-2011. Chairman, Bank of Ireland Pension
Group, Head of Transport, Services and               Fund Trustee Board 2011-2017. Managing
Infrastructure, HSBC 2003-2019. Global               Director, Reckitt Benckiser Ireland 2004-2009
Co-Head of Transport & Infrastructure Group,         Managing Director, Boots Healthcare Ireland
Citigroup 1999-2003. Executive Director,             1998-2004.
Transportation and Aviation Investment
Banking, UBS Warburg 1992-1999. Assistant
Director, Capital Markets, Kleinwort Benson
1985-1991.




                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021              127
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




Statement of compliance                            in July 2018) is available at the website of     acknowledges that due to applicable legal
                                                   the FRC (www.frc.org.uk).                        and regulatory requirements of the
with applicable corporate                                                                           aviation sector, the Company’s bylaws
                                                   IAG has prepared a consolidated
governance codes                                   Corporate Governance Report responding
                                                                                                    contain certain share ownership
                                                                                                    restrictions which are contrary to the
As a company incorporated and listed in            to both Spanish and UK reporting
                                                                                                    provisions of the first recommendation of
Spain, IAG is subject to applicable Spanish        requirements, which is available on the
                                                                                                    the Spanish Code. In addition to this,
legislation and associated corporate               Company’s website (www.iairgroup.com),
                                                                                                    during 2021 the Company partially
governance framework. In accordance                as well as on the CNMV website (www.
                                                                                                    complied with recommendation number 4
with this, this Corporate Governance               cnmv.es). Pursuant to the CNMV
                                                                                                    of the Spanish Code, as revised in 2020,
Report details its compliance with the             regulations, this report has been filed with
                                                                                                    because, throughout the year, its policy
Spanish Good Governance Code of Listed             the CNMV accompanied by a statistical
                                                                                                    regarding communication and contact
Companies, last updated and published by           annex covering some legally required data.
                                                                                                    with shareholders, institutional investors
the Spanish Comisión Nacional del                  This Corporate Governance Report is part
                                                                                                    and proxy advisors required updating to
Mercado de Valores (“CNMV”) in June                of the IAG Management Report for the
                                                                                                    better address the requirements of the
2020, and available on its website (www.           year 2021.
                                                                                                    revised recommendation. The policy was
cnmv.es).                                          In addition, and as required by the LSE          revised and approved by the Board on
At the same time, as IAG has a listing on          Listing Rules, this Report includes an           February 24, 2022.
the London Stock Exchange, it is also              explanation regarding the Company’s
                                                                                                    As far as the 2018 UK Corporate
subject to the UK Listing Rules, including         application of the principles of the UK
                                                                                                    Governance Code is concerned, the
the requirement to explain whether it              Corporate Governance Code and how it
                                                                                                    Company confirms that it applied the
complies with the UK Corporate                     has complied with its supporting
                                                                                                    principles and complied with all the
Governance Code published by the UK                provisions during the year. Details of
                                                                                                    provisions of the Code in the reporting
Financial Reporting Council (“FRC”) as             where key information can be found is
                                                                                                    period.
amended from time to time. A copy of the           provided below.
current version of the UK Corporate                During 2021, IAG fully complied with most
Governance Code applicable to this                 of the applicable recommendations of the
reporting period (updated and published            Spanish Corporate Governance Code.
                                                   Notwithstanding this, the Company


Applying the principles of the UK Governance Code
Board leadership and company purpose                                          Composition, succession and evaluation
Chair’s introductory statement                                     124-125 Board biographies                                          126-127
Company purpose and values                                              133 Board composition                                          131-132
Corporate culture                                                       133 Nominations Committee report                              144-147
Board activities                                                        139 Board succession                                              146
Investment in the workforce                                             133 Board evaluation                                          140-141
How the Board considers stakeholders interests                          134
Board decisions, corporate interest and stakeholders                135-137
Workforce engagement                                                    137
Whistleblowing                                                          151
Conflicts of interests                                                  141
Division of responsibilities                                                  Audit, risk and internal controls
Governance framework and division of responsibilities                   129 Audit and Compliance Committee report                      152-161
Board of Directors: division of responsibilities                       130 Fair, balance and understandable confirmation              154-155
Board and committee meetings                                           138 Confirmation that the Board carried out a robust           100-101
Directors’ independence                                        131 and 146 assessment of emerging and principal risks
Board and committee attendance during 2021                             139 Risk management and internal control                       100-121
                                                                              Principal risks and uncertainties                       100-121
                                                                              Remuneration
                                                                              Remuneration Committee Chair Statement                  162-164
                                                                              Directors’ Remuneration Report                          166-189
                                                                              Alignment with Provision 40                                 165




128    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
IAG governance framework
and division of responsibilities

                                                                                                            Key matters reserved to the Board are:
                                   IAG Board of Directors                                                   • submission of proposals to the
                                                                                                              shareholders’ meetings
                                                                                                            • approval of the Group’s strategy, business
               The Board has ultimate responsibility             Key positions:                               and financial plans
                 for the long-term success of the                   Chairman                                • approval of the Group’s general policies
               Group and for delivering sustainable                                                         • appointment and removal of senior
                                                                  Javier Ferrán
                    shareholder value as well as                                                              executives
                   contributing to wider society          Senior Independent Director
                                                                                                            • determination of the policy on shareholders’
                                                                  Alberto Terol
                                                                                                              remuneration
                                                                                                            • approval of significant investment
                                                                                                              or divestment decisions
                                                                                                            • approval of the risk management
                                                                                                              and control policy
                                                                                                            • ensures effectiveness of the corporate
                                                                                                              governance system


                                                                                                            The Chairman:
                              Board Advisory Committees                                                     • chairs shareholders’ meetings




                                                                                           Accountability
                                                                                                            • leads the Board’s work




Delegation
                                                                                                            • sets the Board’s agenda and directs
                                                                                                              its discussions and deliberations
                                                                                                            • acts as main link with the Group CEO
                Audit and          Nominations             Remuneration          Safety,
                                                                                                              and management
                Compliance                                                 Environment
                                                                                                            • seeks regular engagement with major
                                                                          and Corporate                       shareholders
                                                                          Responsibility
                                                                                                            • promotes and ensures highest standards
                                                                                                              of corporate governance


                                                                                                            The Senior Independent Director:
                                                                                                            • acts as a sounding board
                                                                                                              for the Chairman and
                                                                                                              appraises his performance
                                                                                                            • serves as intermediary for
                                                                                                              other directors when necessary
                              IAG Management Committee                                                      • is available to shareholders,
                                                                                                              if concerns not resolved through
                                                                                                              normal channels
             Led by the Chief Executive, is responsible          Key position:
              for the day-to-day management of the                Group CEO
                Company. It is responsible for the                                                          The Group CEO:
                                                                 Luis Gallego
                performance of the Group and the                                                            • is responsible and accountable
                        implementation of                                                                     to the Board for the management
               the strategy approved by the Board                                                             and operation of the Company
                                                                                                            • leads the Company’s
                                                                                                              management team
                                                                                                            • oversees the preparation of
             Updated to the corporate governance framework                                                    operational and commercial plans
             approved by the Board on February 25, 2021                                                     • develops an effective management strategy
                                                                                                            • puts in place effective controls
                                                                                                            • coordinates Group activities




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                129
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




Group structure                                Consistent with its governance role, the      There is a clear separation of the roles of
                                               Board of Directors retains a schedule of      the Chairman and the Group Chief
IAG, as the Group’s parent company,            matters reserved for its decision, as         Executive and their main responsibilities
is responsible for defining the Group’s        detailed in article 3.4 of the Board          are established in articles 5 and 6 of the
long-term strategy, as well as setting         Regulations. This schedule of reserved        Board Regulations. The Chairman is
performance targets, monitoring their          matters was reviewed at the Board             responsible for the operation of the Board
progress and allocating capital within the     meeting held on February 25, 2021 and is      and for its overall effectiveness in directing
Group. With a light structure, IAG             available on the Company’s corporate          the Company. The Group Chief Executive
oversees intra-Group coordination and          website (www.iairgroup.com).                  and the management team are responsible
manages central functions, including                                                         for the day-to-day management and
the development of its common                  The Board has four advisory committees
                                                                                             performance of the Group and for the
integrated platform.                           that provide dedicated focus on a number
                                                                                             implementation of the strategy approved
                                               of areas. Each Board committee comprises
Each operating company has an individual                                                     by the Board. All the powers of the Board
                                               non-executive directors only and has an
brand and cultural identity and is                                                           have been permanently delegated to the
                                               experienced non-executive independent
responsible for executing its strategy and                                                   Group Chief Executive save for those
                                               chair. Copies of the minutes of all
accountable for its results. Each company                                                    which cannot be delegated pursuant to
                                               committees’ meetings as well as the
has its own board of directors and its own                                                   applicable legislation, the Company Bylaws
                                               documents distributed ahead of each
management committee, led by the top                                                         or the Board Regulations.
                                               committee meeting are made available to
executive of each company.                     all Board members.
Further details on the Group structure can     The different Board positions and their
be found on the Business Model section         respective responsibilities are detailed in
within the Strategic Report.                   the Board Regulations as amended on
Board of Directors: division of                February 25, 2021 (available on the
responsibilities                               corporate website). The Board also
The IAG Board is collectively responsible      approved new and separate regulations for
for establishing the Company’s purpose,        each one of the Board committees as part
values and strategy, promoting its culture,    of the governance review completed in
overseeing the business and its                February 2021. These regulations are
performance, as well as for the Group’s        available on the corporate website. The
long-term sustainable success. As stated in    roles, memberships and activities of these
its Regulations, the Board endeavours to       committees during 2021 are described in
reconcile the corporate interest with the      their individual reports within this
legitimate interests, as applicable, of the    Corporate Governance Report.
employees, suppliers, customers and other
stakeholders that might be affected, also
taking into consideration the impact of its
activities on the community as a whole and
on the environment. Examples of this
long-term focus and consideration of
stakeholders’ interest are discussed further
on in this report and in the stakeholder
section.




130   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Board composition


The IAG Board comprises nine independent non-executive directors, one of which is the Chairman, two proprietary non-executive
directors and one executive director, IAG’s Chief Executive. The biographies of each member of the Board are set out in the Board of
Directors section.
Following the significant number of changes in 2020, only one new non-executive director was appointed in 2021, filling the vacancy
that arose following the retirement of the former Chairman, Antonio Vázquez, which took place on January 7, 2021. Accordingly,
Maurice Lam was appointed a non-executive director at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on June 17, 2021. Details of his recruitment
process can be found in the Nominations Committee report.
As set out in the Company’s Bylaws, the Board shall comprise a minimum of nine and a maximum of fourteen members. As of
December 31, 2021, the Board composition was:
Name of Board Member                             Position/Category                                 First appointed
Javier Ferran1                                   Chairman                                          June 20, 2019
Luis Gallego                                     Chief Executive                                   September 8, 2020
Alberto Terol                                    Senior Independent Director                       June 20, 2013
Giles Agutter2                                   Director (Proprietary)                            September 8, 2020
Peggy Bruzelius                                  Director (independent)                            December 31, 2020
Eva Castillo                                     Director (independent)                            December 31, 2020
Margaret Ewing                                   Director (independent)                            June 20, 2019
Maurice Lam                                      Director (independent)                            June 17, 2021
Heather Ann McSharry                             Director (independent)                            December 31, 2020
Robin Phillips2                                  Director (Proprietary)                            September 8, 2020
Emilio Saracho                                   Director (independent)                            June 16, 2016
Nicola Shaw3                                     Director (independent)                            January 1, 2018
1. Became Chairman on January 7, 2021 following the retirement of Antonio Vázquez.
2. Appointed on proposal from Qatar Airways (Q.C.S.C), a significant shareholder of IAG.
3. The appointment of Nicola Shaw as a non-executive director was approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting on June 15, 2017 but did not become effective
   until January 1, 2018.

The Board Secretary is Álvaro López-Jorrín, partner of the Spanish law firm J&A Garrigues, S.L.P, and the Deputy Secretary is Lucila
Rodríguez. The Group Chief Financial Officer, Steve Gunning, and the Group General Counsel, Chris Haynes, attend all Board meetings.



Directors’ independence                            IAG directors are appointed for a period of        Notwithstanding the above, a director
The Board, as reported by the Nominations          one year, as set out in the Company's              must resign in the cases established in
Committee, reviewed directors'                     Bylaws. At the end of their mandate,               article 17.2 of the Board Regulations,
independence at its meeting held on                directors may be re-elected one or more            among other things when the director
January 20, 2022. It is satisfied that those       times for periods of equal duration to that        ceases to have the good standing,
directors classified as independent are free       established in the Bylaws. In this way, the        suitability, reliability, competence,
from any business or other relationship            Company complies with the UK Code                  availability or commitment to office
that could materially interfere with               recommendation that directors should be            necessary to be a director of the Company
exercising an independent judgement,               subject to annual re-election.                     or when his or her remaining on the Board
both as a question of character and                                                                   might affect the Company’s credibility or
                                                   Re-election proposals are subject to a
judgement. Further details are provided on                                                            reputation or otherwise jeopardises its
                                                   formal process, based on the Nominations
conflicts of interests and independence of                                                            interests.
                                                   Committee proposal in the case of
directors later in this report and the             independent directors, or its                      According to article 24.2 of the Board
Nomination Committee Report.                       recommendation report for all other                Regulations, directors have a number of
The Chairman was considered to be                  categories of directors. This proposal or          disclosure obligations, including the duty
independent on appointment and neither             report is prepared having due regard to            to inform the Company of any situation in
he nor any of the non-executive directors          the performance, commitment, capacity,             which they are involved and that may
has exceeded the maximum nine-year                 ability and availability of the director to        seriously affect the reputation of the
recommended term of service set out in             continue to contribute to the Board with           Company, in particular if they are involved
the UK Corporate Governance Code, with             the knowledge, skills and experience               in any investigation in a criminal
our longest serving director, Alberto Terol,       required.                                          proceeding. In such circumstances, the
having served on the Board since 2013.                                                                Board would consider the case as soon as
                                                   Directors cease to hold office when the
                                                                                                      practicable and adopt the decisions it
Appointment, re-election, resignation              term of office for which they were
                                                                                                      deems fit, taking into account the
and removal of directors                           appointed expires.
                                                                                                      corporate interest, following a report by
The selection and appointment process is                                                              the Nominations Committee.
described in detail in the Nominations
Committee report.

                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021             131
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




The Board may only propose the removal             A director who stands down before the              incorporated in the Board Regulations
of a non‑executive director before the end         end of their term of office must adequately        approved in February 2021, which are
of the mandate when it considers there is          explain the reasons for this decision, or in       available on the Company’s website (www.
just cause, following a report by the              the case of a non-executive director, their        iairgroup.com), and on the website of the
Nominations Committee. For these                   opinion on the reasons for the                     Spanish CNMV (wwww.cnmv.es).
purposes, just cause is deemed to exist            Shareholders’ Meeting resolution, in a letter
when the director takes up new positions           to be sent to all the directors. In addition,
or enters into new obligations that prevent        these explanations need to be included in
them from dedicating the necessary time            the Company’s Annual Corporate
to the performance of his or her duties as         Governance Report and if relevant for
a director, otherwise breaches his or her          shareholders, the Company should publish
duties as a director or unexpectedly               an announcement of the departure as soon
becomes subject to any of the                      as possible, with sufficient reference to the
circumstances provided for in article 17.2         reasons or circumstances provided by the
of the Board Regulations.                          director.
The removal may also be proposed as a              The rules above have been updated in
result of takeover bids, mergers or other          accordance with the Spanish Corporate
similar corporate transactions that                Governance Code Recommendations
determine a material change of control.            approved in June 2020 and are




  Nationality                                          Gender                                      Tenure1

  5              Spain
                            4             UK
                                                                                                               11%


  1              Ireland
                            1             
                                          Luxembourg
                                                           42%             58%
                                                                                                        22%
                                                                                                                           67%



  1              Sweden


                                                        Male                                         0-3

                                                        Female                                       4-6

                                                                                                     7-9



  Board experience2
      Related industry                                                                  36%

      General management                                                                64%

      Consumer Brands B2C                                                               27%

      Corporate transactions                                                            73%

      ESG/Sustainability                                                                 18%

      CEO/Chair experience in a listed company                                           18%

      Accounting, financial and related                                                 82%        1. the tenure chart comprises solely the
                                                                                                      independent non-executive directors,
      Technology                                                                         18%          including the Chairman (9 directors). For the
                                                                                                      sake of completeness, the three remaining
      International                                                                     73%           directors' tenure is less than three years.
                                                                                                   2. non-executive directors only




132      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Board leadership
and company purpose

2021 continued to be a difficult year for the   Corporate culture                               The Audit and Compliance Committee has
airline industry. A year in which IAG’s         IAG’s Code of Conduct, approved by the          also reviewed and reported to the Board
management team had to focus on the             Board in 2019, remains our guide to the         the effectiveness and functioning of the
immediate challenges, while also laying the     core behaviours that we seek to encourage       Speak Up channels available throughout
foundations for the transformation of the       and instil throughout the Group. This Code      the Group provided by independent
Group so that it can emerge more                applies to all directors and employees and      third-party providers, whereby employees
competitive in the future. This includes        establishes our principles of integrity, as     are able to raise concerns on a confidential
ensuring our corporate culture is aligned       well as outlining where compliance is           basis. The Committee discussed this
with the Group strategy and reflects the        required.                                       report, including the number and nature of
values across the Group.                                                                        issues reported to the Speak Up channels
                                                To help strengthen the work on culture, in
                                                                                                during 2021. Further details can be found
IAG’s purpose - ‘To connect people,             April 2021, Carolina Martinoli joined IAG’s
                                                                                                in the ‘Ethics and integrity’ section of the
businesses and countries’- underpins the        Management Committee as Chief People,
                                                                                                sustainability report.
Group’s vision to be the world’s leading        Corporate Affairs and Sustainability
airline group, maximising sustainable value     Officer, with the remit to place a special      Investment in the workforce
creation for its stakeholders. IAG will         focus on people, culture and sustainability.    In general terms, all Group companies
continue to use its unique business model                                                       invest in their employees through training
                                                At the annual strategy meeting held in
to pursue this purpose and vision and                                                           and development programmes, as well as
                                                September 2021, the Board devoted a
always aims to deliver sustainable value for                                                    through healthcare and wellbeing
                                                special session on our people and how
its customers, its people, its shareholders                                                     programmes. Terms and conditions are set
                                                best to develop the Group’s corporate
and the communities it serves.                                                                  and managed within each operating
                                                culture. Consistent with IAG’s model, the
By connecting people, businesses and                                                            company, enabling them to put in place
                                                individual operating companies remain
countries, the Group is able to provide the                                                     appropriate rewards to reflect their
                                                responsible for the design and
jobs, prosperity and cultural benefits that                                                     specific operating model and local market
                                                implementation of their respective plans
travel has always created. While a number                                                       conditions. Across the Group we look to
                                                under the Group common framework. IAG
of important new initiatives and projects                                                       ensure that all rewards and benefits are
                                                plays an important role to set minimum
have been launched during the year, there                                                       simple, clear, competitive, and fair. Across
                                                principles and standards, to enable the
is more to be done to achieve the                                                               the UK, Spain and Ireland approximately
                                                sharing of best practices and the design of
aspirations the Group has set for itself.                                                       90% of IAG’s workforce are part of
                                                Group-wide projects where appropriate.
                                                                                                collective bargaining agreements with
The Board believes that IAG can achieve         As reported last year, in the last quarter of   varying levels in other countries the Group
its purpose and vision by promoting the         2020, a Group-wide Organisation Health          operates in. We work closely with
Group’s key values, which are ambition,         Index (OHI) exercise facilitated by an          employee representatives to consult on
teamwork, innovation, pragmatism,               external firm was completed. The objective      reward matters. For those outside of
efficiency and responsibility. In 2022, the     is to have a unified Group metric which         collective agreements, we benchmark roles
Board will review how these values are          brings together organisational health and       and rewards against local markets to
further embedded in the organisation and        culture under a common framework.               ensure they remain attractive and
how this links to the work on corporate                                                         competitive.
                                                The results and initial conclusions from the
culture and on people that started in the
                                                first survey were shared with the Board
last quarter of 2020, ensuring that the
                                                during the two-day strategy meeting held
complete exercise takes root with the
                                                in December 2020 in a session devoted to
strategy and the transformation of the
                                                culture and talent. Following this meeting,
Group.
                                                organisation-wide priorities and action
Further detail on IAG’s purpose and values      plans were defined and launched in the
can be found throughout this annual             first half of 2021. With that backdrop,
report, and in particular on the first pages    going forward a full OHI survey will be
of the Strategic Report and the                 undertaken once a year, with a follow-up
introductory letters of the Chairman and        pulse survey after six months. All this
the Group Chief Executive.                      information will be regularly reported and
                                                discussed with the Board.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       133
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




How the Board considers stakeholders           Information on the Board’s engagement
interests                                      with the workforce is provided in the         Section 172 Statement (and
Day-to-day stewardship of all stakeholder      Workforce engagement section of this          compliance with article 3.6 of IAG’s
relationships is delegated to management,      Governance report. As far as shareholders     Board of Directors Regulations)
with the Board having a supervisory role       are concerned, and as already described in    In their discussions and decisions
based on the information provided and          the Stakeholder section, the Chairman has     during the reporting period, the
discussions held with management teams.        maintained regular engagement with major      directors of IAG have acted in good
In addition to this, the Board has direct      shareholders in order to understand their     faith, with unity of purpose and
engagement with the Company’s                  views on governance and performance of        independent judgement, guided by
shareholders and with the workforce as         the Group against the strategy. In addition   the corporate interest to promote
recommended by the UK Corporate                to this, the Senior Independent Director      the success of the company as a
Governance Code.                               and Chairman of the Remuneration              profitable and sustainable business in
                                               Committee had significant contact with        the long term and giving the same
The Company’s governance framework
                                               key shareholders and proxy advisors in        treatment to all shareholders in the
was reviewed in February 2021 and, in
                                               relation to IAG’s directors’ remuneration     same position. In doing so the Board
accordance with the recommendation of
                                               policy.                                       had regard and tried to reconcile the
the Spanish Governance Code, one of the
Board advisory committees, the Safety,         The Board has been regularly informed         corporate interest with the legitimate
Environment and Corporate Responsibility       about shareholders’ considerations and        interests of employees, suppliers,
Committee, was assigned the responsibility     concerns. The Head of Investor Relations      customers and other stakeholders,
to oversee and evaluate the Company’s          reports regularly to the IAG Board and one    also taking into consideration the
interaction with its stakeholder groups,       of the Company brokers was invited to the     impact of its activities on the
including the workforce.                       annual strategy meeting to discuss            community as a whole and on the
                                               investor insights.                            environment.
Considering the exceptional circumstances
in which the Group is currently operating                                                    Information on how the directors
due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the                                                            discharged their duties under these
identification of the Group’s key                                                            principles during the year, including
stakeholders has been reviewed and                                                           how they had regard to the matters
updated.                                                                                     set out above in their discussions
                                                                                             and decision making, is included in
More information on our stakeholders, how                                                    this section. Further details can also
they fit in our strategy and business model,                                                 be found throughout the Strategic
their main interests, and our engagement                                                     and Governance reports. Feedback
with them can be found in the stakeholder                                                    from stakeholders is received at a
section of this annual report.                                                               number of different levels and helps
                                                                                             inform numerous decisions directly
                                                                                             or indirectly overseen by the Board.
                                                                                             In many circumstances, the views of
                                                                                             stakeholders are considered and
                                                                                             embedded in the proposals shared
                                                                                             with the Board or submitted for its
                                                                                             decision.




134   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Board decisions, corporate interest and          disposals, capital expenditures,             embedded throughout the Group’s
stakeholders                                     borrowings or equity investments.            decision-making processes.
As explained before, the IAG Board has         The Group’s decision-making process is         This has been a second unprecedented
delegated the day-to-day management of         regulated by an internal instruction           year for IAG, as such the Board has
the Company to the Group Chief Executive       covering the IAG Board, the IAG                continued to adjust its ways of working to
and the Group’s management team but it         Management Committee as well as the            the business pace. Until August, the Board
has reserved for itself the authority on a     Boards of the main subsidiaries. In            had biweekly meetings to adequately
number of matters including three main         addition, another instruction regulates the    monitor the business developments,
areas:                                         Group investment process. This                 support management during this difficult
• Approval of the Group strategy and the       framework and the dedication and expert        period and continue to make critical
  supervision of its implementation, which     support provided by the different Board        decisions in response to the COVID-19
  entails the approval of the business plan,   advisory committees ensures the existence      pandemic.
  management objectives and annual             of an adequate governance system.
  financial plan, monitoring of the internal   The impact on our different stakeholders
  information and control systems, and of      as well as the consequences of any
  risk management framework and                decision in the long term are usually
  processes.                                   considered and discussed by the Board. It
• Approval and compliance oversight of         is not always possible to provide positive
  the Group general policies including: the    outcomes for all stakeholders and on
  investment and financing policy; the         occasions the Board has to make decisions
  enterprise risk management policy; the       based on the competing priorities of
  corporate responsibility or sustainability   stakeholders. The principles set out in
  policy.                                      article 3.6 of our Board Regulations, which
• According to certain quantitative            coincide with those reflected in section 172
  thresholds, the approval of contractual      of the UK Companies Act, are not
  commitments, asset acquisition or            exclusively a matter for the Board, they are



  Adjusting, adapting and restarting operations according to the situation created by the COVID-19 pandemic
  The Board oversaw the Company’s management of the crisis and the coordination of the Group’s response, in particular the
  actions adopted to secure the business in the short-term -reducing costs, strengthening liquidity and preserving cash-. At the
  same time, the Board maintained focus on the design and actions for the transformation of the Group to ensure it comes out
  from the crisis competitive and sustainable. Although decisions in relation to employees and customers are taken by the
  operating companies, the IAG Board exercises oversight and coordination at a Group level.


     Decision                                                                                                S.172 considerations
     During this crisis, decisions on costs, regarding employee restructuring or salary reductions and       Corporate interest
     even capital allocation have been difficult and challenging. They illustrate how decisions are taken
                                                                                                             LT
     for the long-term interest of the business, considering our shareholders, but also bearing in mind
     and trying to reconcile the interests of our employees and customers as far as possible. Significant    Employees
     short-term measures were needed to reinforce the Company’s resilience in the face of a very             Shareholders
     difficult environment so that the delivery of our long-term strategy and the ongoing creation of
     value for our shareholders could be ensured.                                                            Other stakeholders

     The effort and focus devoted by management and the Board to work on the restructure and rebuild Sustainability
     of the business to ensure operational readiness to be prepared to return to operations at short
     notice once restrictions were eased is another example of decisions taken considering our
     employees, considering our customers and with an enormous effort deployed to engaging with
     Governments and regulators.
     The Board was kept informed by the different airline companies on the impact that the pandemic
     was having on their customers and employees, and about the measures they had to put in place to
     support them, including the deployment of COVID-19 health and safety procedures,




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021    135
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




  COVID-19 Corporate Financing initiatives
  During this difficult period, the Group has raised substantial funds from the debt capital markets. The Board received regular
  funding and liquidity updates, as well as updates on the Group trading performance. In the first half of 2021, IAG issued a €1.2bn
  senior unsecured bond and a €825m convertible bond. As far as our airlines are concerned, the Board approved the agreement
  with the UK Export Finance (UKEF) and a syndicate of banks for a 5-year £1.0 billion UKEF guaranteed facility of £1.0 billion for
  British Airways, which remains undrawn, in addition to a £2.0 billion UKEF guaranteed facility that was announced in December
  2020 and fully drawn in early 2021. In March 2021, British Airways, Iberia and Aer Lingus secured $1,755m of committed funding
  in the form of a Secured Revolving Credit Facility provided by the Groups relationship banks.


      Decision                                                                                               S.172 considerations
      The Board when considering these transactions had to bear in mind a detailed assessment of             Corporate interest
      funding requirements, forecast and modelling scenarios, as well as the relevant transaction terms
                                                                                                             LT
      and conditions, all in order to adopt the decision in the best corporate interest. In addition, the
      Board had to consider the requirements for security over certain assets and other requirements,        Employees
      including restrictions imposed regarding dividends or executives’ remuneration. The Board had to       Shareholders
      balance the short and long-term interests of the Group to enter into these transactions, the loss of
      flexibility for the Group on certain matters, as well as the restrictions imposed on other             Other stakeholders
      stakeholders, particularly on shareholders.



  Remuneration Policy
  In 2021, the Company implemented a new remuneration framework for executive directors and senior management. This new
  remuneration framework is designed to closely align incentives to the Company’s strategy and to support the aim of attracting
  and retaining talent across the Group.


      Decision                                                                                               S.172 considerations
      Extensive internal and external engagement had taken place to support the design and                   Corporate interest
      implementation of this new remuneration policy. The feedback received internally, from colleagues,
                                                                                                             LT
      and externally, from shareholders and proxy advisors, directly informed its design.
                                                                                                             Shareholders
      The new Restricted Share Plan (RSP) approved by the Board and by shareholders will improve the
      Group’s ability to attract, motivate and retain key management in what is an increasingly              Employees
      competitive global market for leadership talent. Following shareholder feedback, the Board decided     Sustainability
      to provide greater detail around the RSP performance underpin and to give greater reassurance
      that any RSP value delivered will be fair and appropriate in the context of sustainable business       Values and
      performance and the experience of stakeholders. The Board’s main objective in the implementation       corporate
      of this new remuneration framework is to drive the behaviours that support the delivery of the         reputation
      Group’s strategy and business objectives. The new policy also contains the necessary flexibility and
      discretion to adapt to commercial and market circumstances, as well as to recoup incentives where
      any performance is subsequently understood to be unfounded.
      Understanding and balancing the interests of all stakeholders in executive pay decisions ensures
      outcomes are objective, fair and proportionate. The simplification of our remuneration framework
      and the focus on long-term performance, supports the Group’s management to continue to deliver
      our strategy and sustainable shareholder returns.




136   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
  Purpose, values and sustainability matters
  Our role in the world is to connect people, businesses and countries. We do this and create value through a unique model that
  enables Group airlines to perform in the long-term interests of customers, people, shareholders and society. We hold ambition,
  teamwork, innovation, pragmatism, efficiency and responsibility as key values that enable us to fulfil our purpose.


     Decision                                                                                                 S.172 considerations
     The Board believes that our purpose should drive our strategy, guide our culture and provide a           Corporate interest
     framework for consistent decision making which benefits all stakeholders. During 2021, the Board,
                                                                                                              LT
     through its Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility Committee, reviewed the materiality
     assessment completed by an independent third party to assess which business activities have a            Shareholders
     material impact on the environment and people and what is most important to key stakeholders.            Employees
     IAG’s sustainability strategy, initiatives and reporting are based on the feedback received. IAG has a
     vision to be the world’s leading airline group on sustainability, which entails not only transforming    Customers
     its own business, but working to create a truly sustainable aviation industry. IAG is committed to       Sustainability
     delivering best practices in sustainability programmes, processes and impacts. The IAG Board is
                                                                                                              Values and
     convinced that sustainability is fundamental to long-term growth. In line with this, at the annual
                                                                                                              corporate
     strategy meeting, the Board considered the People and ESG strategic principles for the Group. In
                                                                                                              reputation
     January 2022, the Board considered in detail the Company’s approach and ambition regarding
     diversity and inclusion.
     The Board considers all these matters as they are key for the long-term sustainability of our
     business, because ESG factors have become increasingly more material for shareholders, investors
     and debt providers, and also because they are more and more relevant for our own employees and
     customers.




Workforce engagement                          completed in the Group, as well as to          innovations. Key themes have been the
The COVID-19 pandemic significantly           discuss the Group's approach and               impact of changes to terms and
curtailed the Board's usual programme of      ambition on employee matters.                  conditions, the company's plans
site visits and face-to-face engagement                                                      regarding resourcing as we emerge from
                                              Eva Castillo, Nicola Shaw and Alberto
with management and employees which                                                          the pandemic, the effectiveness of
                                              Terol have been designated as the
could only be resumed during the last                                                        communications channels, the approach
                                              directors responsible for workforce
quarter of 2021. The Board has been                                                          to flexibility as more teams return to
                                              engagement. Recent Board engagement
regularly informed about initiatives at                                                      offices, and the Group's focus on
                                              sessions have been held with British
each operating company with respect to                                                       development and careers. Each visit
                                              Airways, Iberia, IAG Loyalty, IAG Cargo,
their workforce during the pandemic. A                                                       included a debrief for senior teams on
                                              IAG Tech, Vueling and Aer Lingus. The
session at the annual strategy meeting                                                       emerging issues to ensure appropriate
                                              sessions have been very constructive with
was devoted to the analysis and                                                              actions are taken forward.
                                              an opportunity to hear from different
discussion of the results and initial         employee groups and see latest
conclusions from the employee survey




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      137
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




Board and committee meetings                      Chairman sets a carefully structured              to meet with the Chairman to discuss any
The Board was scheduled to meet eight             agenda for each meeting in consultation           matters arising. In addition to this, at least
times during the year, including its annual       with the Chief Executive Officer, with the        once a year there is a private meeting with
two-day strategy meeting scheduled for            support from the General Counsel and the          the Chairman that includes independent
September 2021.                                   Board Secretariat. During 2021, as was the        non-executive directors only. The Senior
                                                  case in 2020, the Board’s main focus was          Independent Director also met with the
Since the start of the year, the Board
                                                  conditioned by the COVID pandemic,                non-executive directors, without the
moved from weekly to holding bi-weekly
                                                  supporting management and exercising              Chairman, as part of the chair annual
meetings to continue monitoring the
                                                  oversight over the Group’s businesses and         evaluation process.
impact of the pandemic and the Group’s
                                                  stakeholders’ interests and the Group’s
response. Since the end of July 2021, the                                                           As stated in the Board Regulations,
                                                  continued response to the pandemic. The
Board returned to its normal meeting                                                                directors shall make their best efforts to
                                                  key activities of the Board in 2021 are
schedule as travel restrictions started to be                                                       attend Board meetings. If this is not
                                                  detailed in the Board activities table
lifted and the Group’s business started to                                                          possible, they may grant a proxy to
                                                  further on in this report.
approach its recovery path. The total                                                               another director, although non-executive
number of Board meetings held during the          After the review and approval of the              directors may only grant their proxy to
reporting period was 19, Details of               minutes of the prior Board meeting, each          another non-executive director. These
attendance at Board and committee                 Board meeting continues with a report             proxies need to be in writing and
meetings are shown further on in this             from each of the committees’ chairs. The          specifically granted for each meeting. No
report.                                           reports focus on the key discussions and          director may hold more than three proxies,
                                                  decisions considered by the respective            except for the Chairman, although he
In addition, there were two board meetings
                                                  committees, providing an opportunity for          cannot represent more than half of the
held by written procedure without a
                                                  directors to comment or ask questions on          Board members. As far as possible, proxies
meeting, with all board members agreeing
                                                  the matters dealt with by each committee.         should be granted including voting
to adopt certain resolutions by such
                                                  This is followed by a general update from         instructions.
procedure.
                                                  the Group Chief Executive and
                                                                                                    Due to the extensive number of additional
The Board Secretariat together with the           subsequently, from the Chief Financial
                                                                                                    Board meetings held during the year due
General Counsel maintains an annual               Officer.
                                                                                                    to the COVID pandemic, and sometimes
agenda schedule for Board meetings that
                                                  All scheduled Board meetings include a            called at short notice, some directors were
sets out strategic, standard and
                                                  private session for non-executive directors       not able to attend all meetings.
operational matters to be considered. The


Board and committee attendance during 2021
                                                                                                                                            Safety,
                                                                                                                                      Environment
                                                                                   Audit and                                        and Corporate
                                                                                  Compliance      Nominations      Remuneration      Responsibility
Board member1                                                         Board       Committee        Committee         Committee         Committee
Javier Ferrán2                                                       19/19                                7/7                                  1/1
Luis Gallego                                                         19/19
Giles Agutter                                                        18/19                                6/7                                 3/3
Peggy Bruzelius                                                      18/19             10/10
Eva Castillo                                                          17/19             8/10                               8/10
Margaret Ewing3                                                      19/19             10/10              6/6
Maurice Lam4                                                           8/8              4/4                                                   2/2
Heather Ann McSharry                                                 19/19                                7/7             10/10
Robin Phillips                                                       19/19                                                                    3/3
Emilio Saracho                                                       19/19                                                 9/10               3/3
Nicola Shaw                                                          19/19                                                 8/10               3/3
Alberto Terol5                                                       18/19              6/6               7/7             10/10
1. Antonio Vázquez Romero did not attend any Board or committee meetings during 2021 as he retired from the Board on January 7, 2021.
2. Appointed Chairman of the Board on January 7, 2021. Stepped down from the Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility Committee on June 17,
   2021.
3. Appointed member of the Nominations Committee on January 28, 2021.
4. Joined the Board and respective Board committees on June 17, 2021.
5. Stepped down from the Audit and Compliance Committee on June 17, 2021.




138    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Board activities
2021 continued to be an unprecedent year      Performance and monitoring                      Risk management and internal controls
for the Group, as it continued to face the    • Operating companies regular reporting         • Review risk map and risk appetite
biggest challenge the airline industry has    • Quarterly and full year financial reporting     performance and statements
ever encountered. The Board activity                                                          • Assessment of viability and going
                                              • Monthly financial report (reviewed at the
clearly reflects these circumstances. The                                                       concern
                                                relevant meeting or distributed to all
key areas of Board activity during 2021 are
                                                Board members)                                • Effectiveness review of the internal
outlined herein:
                                              • Group capital allocation principles             control and risk management systems
                                                review                                        • External auditor yearly report to the
Strategy and planning                         • Review of different joint business              Board
Joint Board/Management Committee                arrangements                                  Shareholders, stakeholders and
two-day strategy session, including:          • Update on the UK Information                  governance
                                                Commissioner’s Office proceedings             • Transactions with related parties
• Strategic Context
                                                against British Airways and related
• Role of the Centre                                                                          • Sustainability update
                                                litigation
• IAG Loyalty full potential                                                                  • Modern Slavery statement review
                                              COVID-19 crisis                                 • Review feedback from institutional
• Cargo Update
                                              • Updates on liquidity status and                 shareholders, roadshows as well as
• Technology Excellence
                                                forecasting, and passenger revenue              analyst reports
• IAG fleet transformation and strategy         information                                   • Board and management succession
• London Gatwick/Paris Orly updates           • Follow up on travel restrictions and          • Remuneration matters, including new
• People and ESG update                         updates on capacity                             directors’ remuneration policy
• Partnerships and M&A Scan
                                              Significant transactions, investments and       • Shareholders’ meeting call notice and
• Transformation plans and indicative         expenditures                                      proposed resolutions
  Financials
                                              • Air Europa acquisition follow up              • Review of the Board committee’s
• Strategy follow-up items                                                                      composition
                                              • Financing arrangements
                                              • Fleet updates                                 • Board and committees evaluation and
                                              • Technology investments                          improvement priorities
                                              • Financing arrangement for the                 • Update on the D&O insurance
                                                acquisition or lease of aircrafts               programme
                                              • Disposals/write-off of aircraft and           • Corporate governance updates
                                                deferral agreements




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     139
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




Board information and training
In general all Board and committee
                                                Induction of directors
                                                According to the induction guidelines,
                                                                                                Board and committee
meeting documents are available to all          approved by the Nominations Committee,          evaluation
directors, including the minutes of each        on joining the Board every newly                The effectiveness of the Board and its
meeting, through an online platform which       appointed director has a thorough and           committees is reviewed annually, with an
facilitates an efficient and secure access to   appropriate induction. Each programme is        independent, externally facilitated review
all materials. All directors have access to     based on the individual director’s needs        being conducted every three years. The
the advice of the Board Secretary and the       and includes meetings with other directors,     last external review was conducted in
Group General Counsel. Directors may take       senior management and key external              2019, therefore an internal evaluation was
independent legal, accounting, technical,       advisers as appropriate. The induction is       completed for 2021.
financial, commercial or other expert           designed to provide a wide overview of
advice at the Company’s expense when it         the industry and the sector, including          The internal evaluation was led by the
is judged necessary in order to discharge       particulars of each of the markets in which     Chairman and conducted by the Board
their responsibilities effectively. No such     the Group operates, as well as an               Secretariat using a self-assessment
independent advice was sought in the 2021       understanding of the Group business             questionnaire, complemented by a general
financial year.                                 model and its different businesses. The         discussion of the full Board on the
                                                programme is also a useful tool to              outcome from the survey and proposed
In 2021 the Board received specific                                                             actions at the Board meeting held on
                                                introduce the new director to the IAG
briefings on corporate governance and key                                                       December 16, 2021.
                                                Management Committee as well as to the
legal and regulatory developments. In
                                                different operating companies’ teams.           The overall conclusions of the review were
addition to this, most directors attended
two deep-dive briefings organised by the        In January 2021, an induction programme         positive, confirming that the Board and the
Audit and Compliance Committee                  for the three newly appointed directors         committees continue to adequately fulfil
regarding the BEIS open consultation in         was initiated following the IAG induction       their responsibilities. Directors considered
relation to the UK Government’s white           guidelines. On this occasion, meetings with     that there has been an outstanding
paper “Restoring trust in audit and             management were arranged to prioritise a        commitment and engagement from all
corporate governance: proposals on              rapid introduction to the Group and             Board members during the year while the
reforms”, and in relation to the BA defined     briefings on main current matters, with a       business continues to face the challenges
benefit pension obligations. Furthermore,       second phase of customary meetings with         of the COVID-19 crisis. The continued
two sessions of two hours each were held,       all Management Committee members and            management of the Board’s agenda and
with the support from an external firm and      other key positions within IAG.                 the frequency of meetings have ensured
co-chaired by the Audit and Compliance          Additionally, an induction programme was        that the Board remained briefed and able
Committee and the Safety, Environment           launched for Maurice Lam following his          to support management throughout the
and Corporate Responsibility Committee          appointment in June 2021. Further detail        year as circumstances changed. In relation
chairs, regarding governance of climate-        are provided in the Nominations                 to the areas for focus agreed for 2021, the
related risks and opportunities and             Committee report                                Board considered that good progress had
non-financial reporting requirements.                                                           been made in all of them considering the
                                                Due to COVID-19 related constraints,            complexity of the situation. In particular,
Directors are offered the possibility to        practically all meetings were held virtually,   induction programmes were reinforced to
update and refresh their knowledge of the       and directors’ visits to the Group’s key        facilitate the rapid introduction and
business and any technical related matter       sites and meetings with each operating          adaptation of the new directors and the
on an ongoing basis to enable them to           company's leadership team had to be             new Safety, Environment and Corporate
continue fulfilling their responsibilities      delayed. As will be mentioned later in the      Responsibility Committee was established
effectively. Directors are consulted about      context of the Board evaluation, these site     and meetings commenced in May as per
their training and development needs and        visits will be resumed in 2022 as far as        its agreed plan of activities.
given the opportunity to discuss training       possible.
and development matters as part of the                                                          Actions agreed for 2022 include:
                                                As explained next as part of the Board
Board annual performance evaluation.                                                            • to consider how best to reinforce the
                                                evaluation section, the feedback received
                                                from new directors on the IAG induction           Board’s competencies on IT and digital
                                                programme is very positive. Directors             matters
                                                consider that the programme of meetings         • as long as travel restrictions allow, to
                                                is very thorough, providing very complete         organise Board meetings in Barcelona
                                                information on the Group and the industry.        and Dublin, including meetings with
                                                In the present circumstances, an important        Vueling and Aer Lingus management
                                                effort was made to share insights into            teams
                                                issues currently impacting the Group,           • review of the annual calendar to ensure
                                                particularly given the extremely difficult        adequate coverage of key areas agreed
                                                and uncertain conditions arising from the       • improvements to the follow up of
                                                pandemic.                                         matters arising and reporting back to
                                                                                                  the Board




140    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
• continue to increase the level of                                                              In accordance with IAG procedures on
  engagement between the Board and                                                               related party transactions, prior to the
                                                 As far as the relationship of the proprietary
  senior executives, facilitating managers                                                       Audit and Compliance Committee
                                                 directors with the significant shareholder
  below Management Committee to                                                                  consideration, shareholder related party
                                                 who proposed their appointments is
  present at Board meetings                                                                      transactions are also reviewed by the IAG
                                                 concerned, it should be noted that Giles
• monitoring and building on the work            Agutter is the owner and Chief Executive        Management Committee and are reported
  done following the setting up of the           of the consultancy services firm Southern       to the IAG Head of Group Audit.
  Safety, Environment and Corporate              Sky Limited, one of whose material clients      Share issues, buy-backs and treasury
  Responsibility Committee                       is Qatar Airways, and that Robin Phillips       shares
                                                 has no relevant connection with Qatar
Other Statutory                                  Airways
                                                                                                 The Annual General Meeting held on June
                                                                                                 17, 2021 authorised the Board, with the
Information                                      Any potential conflict of interest that         express power of substitution, for a term
Directors’ disclosure duties, conflicts of       might affect such proprietary directors is      ending at the 2022 Annual General
interests, and related party transactions        managed by applying the duty of                 Meeting (or, if earlier, 15 months from June
Directors must inform the Company of any         abstention in accordance with the               17, 2021), to:
participation or interest they may hold or       procedure for managing conflicts of             • increase the share capital pursuant to
acquire in any company that is a                 interest described below. In addition, the        the provisions of Article 297.1.b) of the
competitor of the Group, or any activities       Spanish and the United Kingdom regimes            Spanish Companies Law, by up to fifty
that could place them in conflict with the       on related parties’ transactions are also         per cent of the aggregate nominal
corporate interest.                              applicable as detailed below.                     amount of the Company’s issued share
According to article 21 of the Board             In accordance with article 3.4 of the Board       capital as at the date of passing such
Regulations, directors have an obligation        Regulations, the Board of Directors has the       resolution (such amount to be reduced
to adopt the measures necessary to avoid         exclusive authority to approve transactions       by the maximum amount that the share
conflict of interest situations. These include   with directors or shareholders that have a        capital may need to be increased by on
any situation where the interest of the          significant holding or that are represented       the conversion or exchange of any
director, either directly or through third       on the Board or with any persons related          securities issued by the Board under the
parties, may conflict with the corporate         to them, on the terms established in the          relevant authorisation), through the
interest or with their duties to the             law and the Board Regulations and this will       issuance and placement into circulation
Company. In the event of conflict, the           require a prior report from the Audit and         of new shares (with or without a
affected director must inform the                Compliance Committee.                             premium) the consideration for which
Company and abstain from participating in                                                          shall be cash contributions;
                                                 The execution of these type of
the discussion of the transaction referred                                                       • issue securities (including warrants)
                                                 transactions needs to be reported to the
to by the conflict. For the purposes of                                                            convertible into and/or exchangeable
                                                 Audit and Compliance Committee to
calculating the quorum and voting                                                                  for shares of the Company, up to a
                                                 ensure that they are carried out at arm’s
majorities, the affected director would be                                                         maximum limit of 1,500,000,000 euros
                                                 length and with due observance of the
excluded from the number of members in                                                             or the equivalent thereof in another
                                                 principle of equal treatment of
attendance.                                                                                        currency, provided that the aggregate
                                                 shareholders. This year IAG’s internal
                                                                                                   share capital that may need to be
The shareholders’ meeting held on June 17,       regulations on related party transactions
                                                                                                   increased on the conversion or
2021, approved the re-election of Giles          were revised to bring them into line with
                                                                                                   exchange of all such securities may not
Agutter and Robin Phillips as non-               the changes introduced in the Spanish
                                                                                                   be higher than fifty per cent of the
executive proprietary directors as               Companies Act regarding the regime for
                                                                                                   aggregate nominal amount of the
proposed by IAG’s significant shareholder        related party transactions in listed
                                                                                                   Company’s issued share capital as at the
Qatar Airways Group (Q.C.S.C.) (‘Qatar           companies. According to this new
                                                                                                   date of passing such resolution (such
Airways’). Qatar Airways, a Middle East air      requirement, the Audit and Compliance
                                                                                                   amount to be reduced by the amount
carrier headquartered in Doha, has been          Committee needs to issue a report to the
                                                                                                   that the share capital has been increased
the single largest shareholder of IAG since      Board assessing whether the transaction is
                                                                                                   by the Board under the relevant
2016, owning, as of the date of this report,     fair and reasonable from the standpoint of
                                                                                                   authorisation);
25.143% of the share capital of the              the Company and, where applicable, of the
Company. Throughout this period there            shareholders other than the related party,      • exclude pre-emptive rights in connection
has been a long-standing business and            and report on this assessment, including          with the capital increases and the
commercial relationship between Qatar            the assumptions and methods used. The             issuance of convertible or exchangeable
Airways and the airlines of the IAG Group.       directors related to the transaction shall        securities that the Board may approve
This close relationship of commercial            not participate in the preparation of such        under the previous authorities for the
cooperation, which has always been               report.                                           purposes of allotting shares or
undertaken on an arms’-length basis and                                                            convertible or exchangeable securities in
                                                 Depending on the amount or value of the           connection with a rights issue or in any
on market terms, which significantly             proposed related party transaction,
reduces the potential existence of                                                                 other circumstances subject to an
                                                 different corporate governance and                aggregate maximum nominal amount of
permanent conflicts of interest between          disclosure requirements may apply under
Qatar Airways and the Group’s airlines.                                                            the shares so allotted or that may be
                                                 both the Spanish and UK legal frameworks.



                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        141
 Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CONTINUED




  allotted on conversion or exchange of          • the higher of the price of the last         Each share in the Company confers on its
  such securities of five per cent of the          independent trade and the highest           legitimate holder the status of shareholder
  aggregate nominal amount of the                  current independent bid on the              and the rights recognised by applicable
  Company’s issued share capital as at             trading venues where the transaction        law and the Company’s Bylaws which can
  June 17, 2021;                                   is carried out at the relevant time; in     be accessed on the Company’s website.
• carry out the acquisition of its own             each case, exclusive of expenses.
                                                                                               The Company has a Sponsored Level 1
  shares directly by the Company or            The shares acquired pursuant to this            American Depositary Receipt (ADR)
  indirectly through its subsidiaries,         authorisation may be delivered directly to      facility that trades on the over-the-counter
  subject to the following conditions:         the employees or directors of the               market in the US. Each ADR is equivalent
  • the maximum aggregate number of            Company or its subsidiaries or as a result      to two ordinary shares and each ADR
    shares which is authorised to be           of the exercise of option rights held           holder is entitled to the financial rights
    purchased shall be the lower of the        thereby. For further details see note 29 to     attaching to such shares, although the
    maximum amount permitted by the            the Group financial statements.                 ADR depositary, Deutsche Bank, is the
    law and such number as represents 10                                                       registered holder. As at December 31, 2021
                                               The IAG Securities Code of Conduct
    per cent of the aggregate nominal                                                          the equivalent of 55,871,936 shares was
                                               regulates the Company’s dealings in its
    amount of the Company’s issued share                                                       held in ADR form (2020: 40 million
                                               treasury shares. This can be accessed on
    capital on June 17, 2021, the date of                                                      shares).
                                               the Company’s website.
    passing the resolution;
                                               Capital structure and shareholder rights
  • the minimum price which may be paid
    for an ordinary share is zero;             As of December 31, 2021, the share capital
                                               of the Company amounted to 497,147,601
  • the maximum price which may be paid
                                               euros (2020: 497,147,601 euros), divided
    for an ordinary share is the highest of:
                                               into 4,971,476,010 shares
  • an amount equal to five per cent
                                               (2020: 4,971,476,010 shares) of the same
    above the average of the middle
                                               class and series and with a nominal value
    market quotations for the shares as
                                               of €0.10 each (2020: €0.10 each), fully
    taken from the relevant stock
                                               subscribed and paid.
    exchange for the five business days
    immediately preceding the day on           As of December 31, 2021, the Company
    which the transaction is performed;        owned 10,153,335 shares as treasury
    and                                        shares.



Company’s share capital
During the year there were no changes to the share capital.
The significant shareholders of the Company at December 31, 2021, calculated according to the Company’s share capital as at the date
of this report and excluding positions in financial instruments, were:
                                     Number of direct    Number of indirect
Name of shareholder                           shares                 shares Name of direct holder         Total shares   Percentage of capital
Qatar Airways (Q.C.S.C)               1,249,999,997                      –                            1,249,999,997                  25.14%
Lansdowne Partners                                 –          80,876,691            Funds and            80,876,691                  1.627%
International Limited                                                                 accounts
                                                                                  managed by
                                                                                   Lansdowne
                                                                             Partners (UK) LLP




142   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Shareholders’ meeting                          knowledge of such shareholder or other            the Company; and (b) the middle market
The quorum required for the constitution       person, including any information that the        quotation for an ordinary share of the
of the shareholder’s meeting, the system of    Company deems necessary or desirable in           Company as derived from the London
adopting corporate resolutions, the            order to determine the nationality of the         Stock Exchange’s Daily Official List for the
procedure for amending the Bylaws and          holders of said shares or other person with       business day on which they were acquired
the applicable rules for protecting            an interest in the Company’s shares or            by the relevant non-qualifying person.
shareholders’ rights when changing the         whether it is necessary to take steps in
                                                                                                 Impact of change of control
Bylaws are governed by the provisions          order to protect the operating rights of the
                                                                                                 The following significant agreements
established in the Spanish Companies Law.      Company or its subsidiaries.
                                                                                                 contain provisions entitling the
Considering the COVID pandemic                 In the event of a breach of these                 counterparties to exercise termination in
circumstances as well as the                   obligations by a shareholder or any other         the event of a change of control of the
recommendation of the Spanish Corporate        person with a confirmed or apparent               Company:
Governance Code, the Company facilitated       interest in the Company’s shares, the
                                                                                                 • Certain significant IAG financing
virtual attendance and participation to the    Board may suspend the voting or other
                                                                                                   arrangements allow for prepayment,
2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting using        political rights of the relevant person. If the
                                                                                                   redemption or early termination in
an online platform. Further detail on the      shares with respect to which the
                                                                                                   certain circumstances if there is a
2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting is           aforementioned obligations have been
                                                                                                   change of control of the Company.
provided in the Stakeholder engagement         breached represent at least 0.25 per cent
section.                                       of the Company’s share capital in nominal         In addition, the Company’s share plans
                                               value, the Board may also direct that no          contain provisions as a result of which
The Shareholder’s Meeting Regulations,
                                               transfer of any such shares shall be              options and awards may vest and become
which establishes the operating rules of
                                               registered.                                       exercisable on a change of control of the
the shareholder meeting, are available in
                                                                                                 Company in accordance with the rules of
the Corporate Governance section of the        Limitations on ownership of shares
                                                                                                 the plans.
Company’s website.                             In the event that the Board deems it
                                               necessary or appropriate to adopt                 Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance
Disclosure obligations
                                               measures to protect an operating right of         The Company has purchased insurance
The Company’s Bylaws establish a series
                                               the Company or of its subsidiaries, in light      against Directors’ and Officers’ liability for
of special obligations concerning
                                               of the nationality of its shareholders or any     the benefit of the directors and officers of
disclosure of share ownership as well as
                                               persons with an interest in the Company’s         the Company and its subsidiaries.
certain limits on shareholdings, taking into
                                               shares, it may adopt any of the measures
account the ownership and control
                                               provided for such purpose in article 11 of
restrictions provided for in applicable
                                               the Bylaws, including the determination of
legislation and bilateral air transport
                                               a maximum number of shares that may be
treaties signed by Spain and the UK.
                                               held by non-qualifying shareholders
In accordance with article 7.2 b) of the       provided that such maximum may not be
Bylaws, shareholders must notify the           lower than 40 per cent of the Company’s
Company of any acquisition or disposal of      share capital. If such a determination is
shares or of any interest in the shares of     made and notified to the stock market, no
the Company that directly or indirectly        further acquisitions of shares by non-
entails the acquisition or disposal of a       qualifying persons can be made.
stake of over 0.25 per cent of the
                                               In such circumstances, if non-qualifying
Company’s share capital, or of the voting
                                               persons acquire shares in breach of such
rights corresponding thereto, expressly
                                               restriction, the Board may also (i) agree on
indicating the nationality of the transferor
                                               the suspension of voting and other political
and/or the transferee obliged to notify, as
                                               rights of the holder of the relevant shares,
well as the creation of any charges on
                                               and (ii) request that the holders dispose of
shares (or interests in shares) or other
                                               the corresponding shares so that no
encumbrances whatsoever, for the
                                               non-qualifying person may directly or
purposes of the exercise of the rights
                                               indirectly own such shares or have an
conferred by them.
                                               interest in the same. If such transfer is not
In addition, pursuant to article 10 of the     performed on the terms provided for in the
Bylaws, the Company may require any            Bylaws, the Company may acquire the
shareholder or any other person with a         corresponding shares (for their subsequent
confirmed or apparent interest in shares of    redemption) pursuant to applicable
the Company to disclose to the Company         legislation. This acquisition must be
in writing such information as the             performed at the lower of the following
Company shall require relating to the          prices: (a) the book value of the
beneficial ownership of or any interest in     corresponding shares according to the
the shares in question, as lies within the     latest published audited balance sheet of




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          143
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE




Report of the Nominations Committee


                                                                                             In June 2021, we welcomed a new non-
                                                                                             executive director, Maurice Lam, whose
                                                                                             appointment process was managed by the
                                                                                             Committee during the first half of the year.
                                                                                             Following the recent non-executive
                                                                                             directors appointments, the Committee
                                                                                             oversaw their extensive induction
                                                                                             programmes. Due to existing COVID-
                                                                                             related restrictions, the induction meetings
                                                                                             were held virtually. Despite the existing
                                                                                             challenges, thanks to IAG’s management
                                                                                             commitment support, the feedback
                                                                                             received from directors has been very
                                                                                             positive. We hope to complete the
                                                                                             induction with site visits to the Group’s
                                                                                             operations during 2022.
                                                                                             We close the year satisfied that we have a
                                                                                             Board with the right skills and experience
                                                                                             to continue providing the highest
                                                                                             standards of leadership and oversight in
                                                                                             the years ahead. We are also satisfied that
                                                                                             the Board composition meets the target
                                                                                             for the proportion of women on boards set
                                                                                             out in the Hampton-Alexander Review as
Javier Ferrán                                                                                well as the recommendation on ethnic
Nominations Committee Chair                                                                  diversity on boards in the Parker Review.
                                                                                             We hope to further consolidate and
                                                                                             improve this progress, and trust that the
                                                                                             Board's leadership will serve as an anchor
                                                                                             for the management team's own plans on
Committee members                                                         Date appointed
                                                                                             diversity and inclusion.
Javier Ferrán (Chair)                                                September 8, 2020
Giles Agutter                                                       September 24, 2020       Javier Ferrán
Margaret Ewing                                                          January 28, 2021     Nominations Committee Chair
Heather Ann McSharry                                                 December 31, 2020
Alberto Terol                                                              June 20, 2019




Dear Shareholder                               In addition, the Committee oversaw the
                                               process for the appointment of Nicholas
On behalf of the Nominations Committee,        Cadbury as our new Chief Financial Officer,
I am pleased to introduce my first full year   who will be joining the Group on March 21,
report as its Chair.                           2022 following the departure of Steve
Beyond the regular issues, the Committee's     Gunning.
work in 2021 has focused on reviewing the      Further details of these management
appointments to, and changes within the        changes is provided in this report.
IAG Management Committee as the Group
                                               Another important area of focus for the
Chief Executive has continued to
                                               Committee has been management
strengthen his senior team. During the
                                               succession planning and talent
year, the Committee considered changes
                                               development, including diversity
to three Management Committee
                                               requirements. In fact, in September, the
positions, the appointment of a new
                                               Committee undertook a detailed review of
Director of Strategy, that of the new Chief
                                               the new plans and initiatives in line with
People, Corporate Affairs and
                                               the Group’s people strategy. In 2022, we
Sustainability Officer, and the move of
                                               will continue to focus on this important
Lynne Embleton as new Chief Executive of
                                               area, overseeing the development of the
Aer Lingus.
                                               plans that have been presented.




144    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
The Nominations Committee
The composition, competencies and            New Board appointment
operating rules of the Nominations
Committee are regulated by article 31 of
the Board Regulations and by the
Nominations Committee Regulations as
approved by the Board on February 25,
2021. A copy of the Board and the
Nominations Committee Regulations can
be found on the Company’s website.
The Nominations Committee has overall
responsibility for leading the process for
appointments to the Board and to ensure
that these appointments bring the
necessary skills, experience and
competencies to the Board, aligning its
composition to the business strategy and
needs. The Committee also reports to the     Maurice Lam
Board on the proposed appointment of         Non-executive director
senior executives of the Company. It         Soon after joining the Board in June        Group; indeed this proved to be very
oversees Board and senior management         2021, I attended IAG’s induction            useful when we finally met physically last
succession planning and in general the       programme which introduced me to the        September for the ’Strategic meetings’. I
development of a diverse pipeline for        Group, its management and business.         felt encouraged to exchange at any
succession.                                  Given the pandemic situation and the        time, an extremely important enabler to
                                             fact that I was the only newly appointed    successfully fulfil my independent
The Nominations Committee shall be made                                                  director role.
up of no less than three non-executive       member at that time, this induction
directors appointed by the Board, with the   consisted in a number of one to one         Currently, planned site visits to the
dedication, capacity and experience          virtual meetings with key members of        different locations of IAG entities are still
necessary to carry out its function. A       management.                                 outstanding and I am looking forward to
majority of the members must be              I have a financial services background      participating in these as soon as
independent directors that are EU            and am relatively new to the airline        conditions allow.
nationals.                                   industry. The quality of the thorough       As a new member of the Board, its Audit
As mentioned in the 2020 Nominations         and open exchange together with the         and Compliance Committee and its
Committee report, the only new               level and completeness of the               Safety, Environment and Corporate
appointment to the Committee was that of     information provided, helped me             Responsibility Committee, I feel well
Margaret Ewing on January 28, 2021.          significantly to better understand the      integrated so far, and from the start felt
                                             industry dynamics and its business logic.   motivated to be actively engaged in all
The Committee’s responsibilities                                                         issues affecting the Group.
                                             We had the opportunity to share
The Nominations Committee’s
                                             insights into issues impacting the Group,   The complexity and diversity of the
responsibilities can be summarised as:
                                             particularly in the context of the          Group implies quite a lot of information
• evaluating the mix of competencies,        uncertain conditions prevailing from        to read and digest ahead of meetings. I
  knowledge and experience necessary in      COVID-19 and its unpredictable              feel the diversity and experience of the
  the Board‘s membership and reviewing       developments. We also had interesting       different board and committee
  the criteria for the Board composition     discussions on challenging subjects like    members, under strong leadership and
  and the selection of candidates            climate change, cybersecurity and other     guidance, facilitate probing questions
• submitting the recommendation for          emerging risks and their potential          and challenging discussions; this is
  appointment of directors to the Board      impacts.                                    particular important in an environment
  for approval, and reporting on the         Although the induction meetings were        where forecasting in current volatile and
  proposed designations of the members       held virtually, the time commitment and     uncertain times, leading to the need to
  of the Board committees and their chairs   the quality of the interactions provided    consider a variety of options, has to be
• succession planning for Board members      me with a good start to building a          continuously performed by management
  making proposals to the Board so that      relationship with key people in the         and overseen by the Board.
  such succession occurs in a planned and                                                I am proud to be a Board Member of
  orderly manner                                                                         IAG and look forward to contributing in
• reporting to the Board on the                                                          this recent role.
  appointment and removal of senior
  executives (which includes all IAG
  Management Committee members)




                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       145
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE CONTINUED


• ensuring that non-executive directors       Non-executive directors appointment             Board succession
  receive appropriate induction               process                                         The Committee regularly reviews the
  programmes                                  As already anticipated, the Nominations         formal succession plan for the Board,
• setting diversity targets (gender,          Committee and the Board were keen to            including analysis of non-executive
  ethnicity and other criteria) both within   improve ethnic diversity, and this was          directors’ length of tenure, skills and
  the senior management and the               taken into consideration when a new             experience, and planning for succession of
  succession pipeline                         search was started following the                any areas that could require strengthening
• ensuring that plans are in place for        retirement of Antonio Vázquez in January        from a skills and succession perspective.
  orderly succession of senior                2021. Spencer Stuart was appointed to           The conclusions of this exercise helped to
  management positions whilst                 conduct this search on January 7, 2021. In      inform new directors’ searches and the
  safeguarding the achievement of agreed      May 2021, the Committee was pleased to          profile and skills required.
  diversity targets                           recommend the appointment of Maurice
                                                                                              In September 2021, the Committee
• establishing a target for female and        Lam, who joined the Board at IAG’s Annual
                                                                                              reviewed in detail the Board succession
  ethnicity representation on the Board       Shareholders’ Meeting on June 17, 2021.
                                                                                              planning, including the Board refreshment
  which should adhere to the Company’s        Maurice brings extensive financial audit,       timeline, the Board skills matrix, as well as
  Directors Selection and Diversity Policy    and risk-related experience to further          the identification of potential successors
• coordinating the annual evaluation of       reinforce the composition of the Audit and      for the different positions.
  the performance of the Board and its        Compliance Committee.
                                                                                              Board positions and committee
  committees
                                              This search process was completed               memberships
The Committee’s activities in 2021            pursuant to the IAG Directors Selection         On February 24, 2021 the Nominations
The Committee met seven times during          and Diversity Policy as confirmed by the        Committee considered the composition of
2021, including four scheduled and three      Nominations Committee in the review             the new Safety, Environment and
ad hoc meetings. Directors’ attendance at     completed in January 2022. The process          Corporate Responsibility Committee which
these meetings can be found in the            was carried out in accordance with the          was subsequently approved by the Board.
Corporate Governance section. The Group       following principles:                           This committee is chaired by an
Chief Executive is invited to attend the      • an executive search firm was engaged to       independent non-executive director, Nicola
Committee’s meetings as and when                conduct this search, which is a signatory     Shaw, and is composed of non-executive
necessary.                                      to the UK Voluntary Code of Conduct           directors with a majority of independent
                                                for Executive Search Firms.                   directors.
The Committee focused on the following
activities during the year:                   • the search criteria were formulated           Following the Annual Shareholders’
                                                following the evaluation of the balance       Meeting in June, the Committee reviewed
• review of the composition of the Board
                                                of skills, experience, independence,          the Committees’ composition, and
  and search process for a new non-
                                                diversity and knowledge on the Board,         proposed the appointment of Maurice Lam
  executive independent director
                                                alongside the then existing succession        as a member of the Audit and Compliance
• review of the Board committees’
                                                plans for directors, and taking into          Committee and of the Safety, Environment
  membership, including that of the new
                                                consideration the conclusions from the        and Corporate Responsibility Committee,
  Safety, Environment and Corporate
                                                annual review of the Board performance.       replacing Alberto Terol on the former, and
  Responsibility Committee
                                              • based on these considerations, the role       Javier Ferrán on the latter.
• Board succession planning
                                                and capabilities required for this            Directors’ independence, performance
• review of the directors’ independence         particular appointment were established.      and re-election
• review of compliance with the Directors’      As the Committee is keen to ensure a
                                                                                              The Nominations Committee, having
  Selection and Diversity Policy                broad diversity in the Board, it was also
                                                                                              considered the matter carefully, is of the
• management succession plans                   agreed to put a special focus on
                                                                                              opinion that all of the current non-
• launching of the Board annual evaluation      diversity, in particular on minority ethnic
                                                                                              executive directors, with the exception of
  process, as well as that of the               diversity. These specifications were
                                                                                              the two proprietary directors, are
  Nominations Committee                         included in the search firm’s
                                                                                              independent, both in line with the
• changes to Group company boards               engagement letter.
                                                                                              definition set out by the Spanish
• review of investor feedback from the        • a long-list of candidates were reviewed       Companies Act and with that of the UK
  2021 Annual General Meeting                   during February and March 2021 and,           Corporate Governance Code, and are free
                                                following a detailed analysis of the          from any relationship or circumstances
• update on regulatory developments on
                                                profiles of the candidates included, a        that could affect, or appear to affect, their
  diversity matters.
                                                shortlist of potential candidates was         independent judgement.
Throughout the year, Spencer Stuart             agreed.
provided recruitment consultancy services                                                     All proposals for the appointment or
                                              • the final shortlist was reviewed and
to the Committee. Spencer Stuart does not                                                     re-election of directors presented to the
                                                discussed by the Chair of the
have any other connection with the                                                            2021 Shareholders’ Meeting were
                                                Nominations Committee and Chairman
Company or individual directors and is a                                                      accompanied by an explanatory report
                                                of the Board with the Committee
signatory to the UK Voluntary Code of                                                         issued by the Board of Directors with the
                                                members, and according to the
Conduct for Executive Search Firms.                                                           support of the Nominations Committee
                                                conclusions reached and after hearing
                                                                                              assessing the competence, experience and
                                                the feedback from a compliance
                                                                                              merits of each candidate. The Committee
                                                perspective from the Group General
                                                                                              also reviews the time commitment and
                                                Counsel, it was reported to the
                                                                                              availability of each non-executive director,
                                                Nominations Committee.
                                                                                              which during 2021 was again remarkable.
                                              • following the interview process of the
                                                                                              Following this review, the Committee was
                                                shortlisted candidates, a final candidate
                                                                                              of the opinion that each non-executive
                                                was then agreed, and submitted for final
                                                                                              director submitting themselves for
                                                approval at the Nominations Committee
                                                                                              re-election continued to demonstrate
                                                held on May 5, 2021. A final report was
                                                                                              commitment to the role as a member of
                                                presented to the Board endorsing the
                                                                                              the Board and its committees, discharged
                                                nomination.


146   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
their duties effectively and that each was     in the leadership teams and across the         This selection process is described in detail
making a valuable contribution to the          Group critical roles in the same period.       in the preceding section on ‘Non-executive
leadership of the Company for the benefit                                                     directors’ appointment process’.
                                               It was agreed that the Committee will be
of all shareholders.
                                               kept updated on the initiatives and            Female directors currently represent 42%
Each director is required to advise the        developments of this plan, as this is an       of the Board of Directors and 62% of the
Committee and seek its authorisation           area on which it was agreed to put a           independent non-executive directors. In
before accepting any external directorship     special focus following the Committee's        addition to this, two of the four Board
or other significant appointment that          performance evaluation last year.              advisory committees are chaired by
might affect the time they are able to                                                        women. From an ethic diversity
                                               Diversity
devote to the role as a director Company.                                                     perspective, the IAG Board has met the UK
                                               The Nominations Committee remit was
                                                                                              Parker Review objective, having appointed
Management appointments and                    reviewed in 2021 and its responsibility for
                                                                                              in 2021 one director from a minority ethnic
succession planning                            diversity was confirmed from three
                                                                                              group.
As mentioned in the Committee report for       different perspectives as far the Board and
2020, in January 2021, the Committee           senior management are concerned. The           The Board and the Nominations
endorsed the appointment of David              Committee is responsible for developing        Committee are committed to improving
Podolsky as new Director of Strategy.          measurable objectives, for monitoring          diversity, and gender diversity across the
                                               progress towards their achievement and         Group, and encourages and supports
In February 2021, the Committee
                                               compliance with IAG’s diversity policies,      management actions in this regard. As
considered and reported to the Board on
                                               and to oversee the development of a            explained below, the Committee has
the appointment of Lynne Embleton as the
                                               diverse pipeline for Board and senior          agreed to maintain its focus on diversity
new Chair and Chief Executive of
                                               management succession.                         and inclusion as a priority for 2022.
Aer Lingus with effect from April 6, 2021.
At the same meeting, the Committee also        The IAG Directors Selection and Diversity      Given its relevance, the Board reviewed
considered and endorsed the appointment        Policy, which is available on IAG’s website,   the Group's diversity and inclusion strategy
of Carolina Martinoli in a new role as Group   sets out the principles that govern the        during its annual strategy session in
Head of Culture, Talent and Sustainability     directors selection process and the            September 2021. In addition, in January
Officer with her becoming Chief People,        approach to diversity on the Board of          this year, the Group's gender diversity
Corporate Affairs and Sustainability Officer   Directors and on the Management                initiatives and ambitions within this new
in May 2021.                                   Committee. This policy reflects IAG’s          diversity framework were shared again
                                               commitment to promote equality and             with the full Board.
Although this was not a position on the
                                               diversity.                                     Further explanations of the steps that IAG
IAG Management Committee, the
Committee also reviewed the appointment        The IAG Board recognises the value of          is taking to promote diversity and inclusion
of David Shepherd, Chief Commercial            having a variety of opinions, perspectives,    across the Group is set out in the ‘Diversity,
Officer of Aer Lingus, as managing director    skills, experiences, backgrounds and           inclusion and equality’ section of the
and member of the board of IAG Cargo,          orientations to enrich discussions and to      sustainability report.
reporting to David Podolsky who leads IAG      have better decision-making processes.         The Committee annual evaluation
Cargo as a Management Committee
                                               Considering the ongoing work on people         The annual performance evaluation of the
member and chairs the IAG Cargo board
                                               and culture in the Group, it has been          Board and its committees was internally
of directors.
                                               deemed appropriate to delay the review of      facilitated, having been carried out by an
Finally, the Committee reviewed the search     the Group's diversity and inclusion policies   independent external facilitator in 2019.
and selection process for the position of      to this year, in order to ensure adequate      The evaluation concluded that the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company.        consistency in these initiatives.              Committee operated effectively during the
The search was conducted with the                                                             year. Although significant progress has
                                               The procedure for the appointment of
assistance of Egon Zehnder. This process                                                      been made, the Committee will continue
                                               directors follows the principles established
culminated in October 2021 with the                                                           prioritising its focus on the two areas
                                               in the Directors Selection and Diversity
announcement of the appointment of                                                            identified in the prior evaluation, that is
                                               Policy. As recommended by the Spanish
Nicholas Cadbury, Chief Financial Officer                                                     management succession planning,
                                               Good Governance Code, the Nominations
of Whitbread, to replace Steve Gunning,                                                       including talent retention and talent
                                               Committee reviews compliance with this
who will be leaving in March 2022.                                                            development, and diversity and inclusion
                                               policy on an annual basis. This review was
                                                                                              initiatives at management level.
In the September meeting, the main             completed in January 2022.
principles and objectives of the Group
                                               When considering director appointments,
management succession planning process
                                               the Committee follows a formal, rigorous
were presented to the Committee. The
                                               and transparent procedure, designed to
process is currently being reviewed to
                                               preserve this diversity value in its broader
better align it to IAG’s broader people
                                               sense, while ensuring that any
strategy. Several matters were discussed
                                               appointment is made on merit, and taking
at this meeting, including: how to keep the
                                               into account the specific skills and
right balance between succession and
                                               experience needed at any point in time to
external recruitment and the different
                                               ensure continuing Board balance and
implications this could have from a cultural
                                               relevant knowledge. Gender diversity
perspective; the relevance of structured
                                               principles are followed throughout the
processes and methodology for talent
                                               process, while preserving the general
development and promotion; the focus on
                                               diversity and merit-based appointment
diversity standards; the role of the Group
                                               principles established in the policy. The
and that of the different operating
                                               Board’s policy is to consider candidates
companies. The Committee was also
                                               from a wide variety of backgrounds,
updated on the Group key roles, including
                                               without discrimination based on gender,
an analysis of leadership changes since
                                               race, colour, age, social class, beliefs,
2019, highlighting the high churn suffered
                                               religion, sexual orientation, disability or
                                               other factors.


                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        147
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE SAFETY, ENVIRONMENT AND CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE




Report of the Safety, Environment
and Corporate Responsibility Committee

                                                                                               each business, the Committee carries out a
                                                                                               high-level overview of safety activities and
                                                                                               informs the Board as appropriate. More
                                                                                               importantly, we aim at promoting the
                                                                                               discussion of common issues and sharing
                                                                                               best practice. This has proved to be a very
                                                                                               valuable tool in facing the unprecedented
                                                                                               impact of the COVID pandemic.
                                                                                               Sustainability takes many forms. From
                                                                                               stewardship of the environment to social
                                                                                               matters. We seek to actively manage our
                                                                                               impact on the world by setting ambitious
                                                                                               targets, measuring our progress, and
                                                                                               transparently reporting on the steps we
                                                                                               are taking. In 2021, the Committee oversaw
                                                                                               and discussed the Group’s initiatives in this
                                                                                               area, from how we approach carbon
                                                                                               emissions, to the new diversity targets we
                                                                                               have established, the improvement in our
                                                                                               reporting and the partnerships that we
                                                                                               have joined to drive positive change.
                                                                                               On the environmental front, tackling
                                                                                               climate change remains the most material
                                                                                               issue, as validated by the stakeholder
Nicola Shaw                                                                                    materiality exercise completed this year. In
Safety, Environment and Corporate                                                              2021, we became the first airline group in
Responsibility Committee Chair                                                                 Europe to commit to deploying 10 per cent
                                                                                               sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) by 2030,
                                                                                               equating to 1 million tons of SAF per year.
                                                                                               We have also continued to embed our net
Committee members                                                           Date appointed
                                                                                               zero transition pathway within our
Nicola Shaw (Chair)                                                     February 25, 2021      business and remain focused on the
Giles Agutter                                                           February 25, 2021      delivery of our ambitious targets.
Emilio Saracho                                                          February 25, 2021      Listening to our stakeholders is crucial to
Robin Phillips                                                          February 25, 2021      inform our priorities and plans to deliver a
Maurice Lam                                                                  June 17, 2021     fully sustainable business. In line with the
                                                                                               feedback received, and going beyond
                                                                                               environmental issues, the Committee will,
                                                                                               along with our climate change
                                                                                               commitments, continue to focus on social
Dear Shareholder                               which has a key role in supporting the
                                               Board by providing guidance and direction
                                                                                               and corporate responsibility matters in the
                                                                                               coming year.
I am pleased to share with you my first        on IAG’s sustainability and corporate
                                                                                               It is fundamental to our ambition that we
report as Chair of the IAG Safety,             responsibility ambitions.
                                                                                               do business in the right way which is why
Environment and Corporate Responsibility
                                               The Committee was incorporated in               sustainability is at the heart of our strategy.
Committee (SECR Committee), which
                                               February 2021 with new membership,              We are committed to building a truly
details the work of this Committee and our
                                               expanding the remit of the former Safety        sustainable, responsible and inclusive
ambitions and achievements during 2021.
                                               Committee, to oversee environmental             business to deliver long term value for our
At IAG, we believe in the huge social and      matters and corporate responsibility and        people, customers, shareholders and the
economic benefits our business creates by      met for the first time in May. In June 2021,    communities we serve. Together we can
bringing people together. In line with our     Maurice Lam joined us following his             make a lasting difference to the world.
Group’s purpose, we’re committed to            appointment as non-executive director at
ensuring aviation remains a force for good     the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,               Nicola Shaw
in the world. That means ensuring every        replacing Javier Ferrán.                        Safety, Environment and Corporate
business decision is rooted in the values                                                      Responsibility Committee Chair
                                               The SECR Committee has oversight over
that we hold and the desire to do the right
                                               safety matters. Although this responsibility
thing for all our stakeholders. Only then
                                               lies with each airline in accordance with its
can we create a resilient business that will
                                               applicable standards, its own culture and
grow sustainably for the long-term. This
                                               the circumstances and particularities of
inspires the work of this new Committee


148    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
The Safety, Environment, and Corporate          According to its regulations, the SECR            The Committee’s activities during
Responsibility Committee                        Committee’s remit includes:                       the year
The Committee composition,                      • to receive significant safety information       During 2021, the Committee held three
competencies and operating rules are              about IAG’s subsidiaries, franchise,            meetings. Directors’ attendance at
regulated by article 33 of the Board              codeshare or wet-lease providers used           these meetings is detailed in the Corporate
Regulations as well as the Regulations of         by any member of the Group                      Governance report. At its first meeting, the
the SECR Committee, as approved by the                                                            Committee agreed on it plan of activities
                                                • to exercise a high-level overview of
Board on February 25, 2021. A copy of the                                                         for 2021 as well as its standard annual plan
                                                  safety activities and resources
Board and the SECR Committee                                                                      for the following years.
                                                • to review the Group’s strategy and
Regulations can be found on the
                                                  policies on social and environmental            During 2021, the Committee focused on
Company’s website.
                                                  sustainability                                  the following activities during the year:
The Committee is made up of no fewer            • to evaluate that the Company’s                  • safety readiness programmes of the
than three directors appointed by the             environment and social practices are in           Group airlines
Board, with the necessary dedication,             accordance with the established                 • overview of an airline company safety
capacity and experience. All the members          strategy and policies                             framework
of the Committee shall be non-executive
                                                • to evaluate the effectiveness of the            • safety review report of the Group airlines
directors and a majority of them shall be
                                                  Company’s environment and social
independent directors.                                                                            • Conclusions from the IAG Investors ESG
                                                  policies, to confirm that they are fulfilling
                                                                                                    survey
In addition to the Secretary and Deputy           its mission to promote the corporate
                                                                                                  • key upcoming EU and national ESG
Secretary, regular attendees at Committee         interest and catering for, as appropriate,
                                                                                                    consultations
meetings included the Chairman, the               the legitimate interests of its
Group Chief Executive and the Chief               stakeholders                                    • 2021 stakeholder materiality assessment
People, Corporate Affairs and                                                                       process and conclusions
                                                • to review the Group’s global
Sustainability Officer. Senior managers           environment and climate risk mitigation         • update on sustainable aviation projects
with responsibility for safety matters and        strategy, the implementation of                   and other low carbon initiatives
others in charge of different sustainability      sustainability programmes and any               • review of the 2020 IAG Modern Slavery
areas were invited to attend specific             climate related financial disclosure              Statement
agenda items as required and when               • to review the content of the non-               • update on emerging trends and
relevant.                                         financial information statement or                benchmark analysis on ESG
The Committee’s role and responsibilities         sustainability report                           • review of ESG ratings and relevant
The Committee’s role is to support and          • to monitor and evaluate the Company’s             sustainability indexes
advise the Board in matters relating to           interaction with its stakeholder groups,        • Group sustainability strategy and
safety, environment and corporate                 including the workforce                           policies review
responsibility. Responsibility for safety       • to review the principal environmental,          • 2021 Non-Financial Information
matters belongs to the Group’s airlines.          social and reputational risks                     Statement and other sustainability
IAG, through this Committee, has an             • to review the general diversity and               reporting, including review of
overall view of each airline’s safety             inclusion policies                                compliance and key metrics.
performance and of any important issues                                                           • diversity and Inclusion review
that may affect the industry. The
Committee also has visibility of the Group
airlines’ resources and procedures.
Responsibility for performing detailed and
technical assessments remains with each
airline, overseen by their respective safety
committees. In the areas of environment
and corporate responsibility, the SECR
Committee provides a governance forum
for non-executive directors to exercise
specific oversight, challenge and support
to senior management in shaping the
Group’s sustainability strategy, policies and
targets, buttressing IAG’s vision to be the
world’s leading airline group on
sustainability.




                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        149
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE SAFETY, ENVIRONMENT AND CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE CONTINUED




In addition to this, two externally provided    ESG investors survey and materiality            Market trends and EU and national ESG
training sessions were organised together       assessment                                      consultations.
with the IAG Audit and Compliance               Two key exercises on ESG were completed         The Committee has been regularly
Committee, focusing on the Board’s ESG          in 2021. The first one was the survey that      updated on any upcoming ESG policy
compliance and reporting responsibilities,      the IAG Investor Relations team conducted       consultations at international, EU or
with a particular attention to climate          to get input from IAG institutional             national level, including the Group’s
change. A follow up discussion was              shareholders and investors on ESG               positioning and actions intended in each of
also held at the SECR Committee                 matters. The top 100 shareholders plus ten      them. This year this included, among
December meeting.                               additional investors were contacted to          others, the UK BEIS consultation on
Safety                                          participate. They were consulted on their       Mandatory Climate Change Reporting, the
                                                approach to ESG when analysing                  EU ‘Fit for 55’ and the UK ‘Jet Zero’
In May 2021, the SECR Committee
                                                investments, how they saw that evolving,        consultations.
reviewed the four Group airlines’ plans to
                                                what IAG is lacking, what should be the
restart and readiness to fly in the ramp up                                                     As part of the materiality assessment
                                                Group’s focus in terms of reporting and
of the operations for the summer period.                                                        process, a benchmarking analysis was
                                                the gap between their expectations and
The Committee was briefed on the                                                                completed to position IAG versus best
                                                what IAG is currently doing. The
challenge the airlines faced under a                                                            practice in the different areas considered.
                                                Committee discussed with the Investor
dynamic and uncertain cancellation phase,
                                                Relations and Sustainability teams the          Sustainable aviation strategy, projects
the large-scale parking and storage plan
                                                feedback received, including both               and other low carbon initiatives
which continued to vary, the extensive
                                                qualitative and quantitative findings, as       At the December SECR meeting the
staff furlough programme to match a
                                                well as the conclusions and                     Committee reviewed and approved the
much reduced flying programme, a restart
                                                recommendations to be drawn from this           updated IAG sustainability strategy with an
phase with significant uncertainty and
                                                important engagement.                           increased focus on delivery of carbon
including a new operational and customer
                                                                                                mitigation initiatives particularly the
environment. The different teams                The second exercise was the materiality
                                                                                                commitment to 10% sustainable aviation
presented their respective plans to ensure      assessment completed between April and
                                                                                                fuels by 2030.
a safe return into operations but also          June 2021 to seek the Group stakeholders’
building on the opportunities that the          perspective regarding sustainability            The Committee also closely follows the
situation also brings and on the possibility    priorities. This was facilitated by a leading   Group's various projects on sustainable
of sharing best practices across the Group      sustainability consultancy Simply               aviation fuels and hydrogen projects,
benefiting from the safety and security         Sustainable as an independent third party       namely Lanzajet, Velocys/Altalto and
network already established between the         and it included both a medium (two years)       ZeroAvia, discussing the relevant pathway,
Group airlines and the support provided         and a long-term (ten years) approach. The       status and next steps. In this respect, the
from the centre.                                Committee considered the design,                Committee also considered the Group's
                                                methodology and content of the process,         positioning and the various initiatives
The Committee reviewed the relevant
                                                and was also briefed on the main                management undertakes to ensure
areas of each operating company’s
                                                conclusions drawn and actions to be taken       appropriate policies support the
performance across the Safety Risk
                                                to ensure this properly informs IAG’s           development of these projects.
Management activities. In line with the
                                                strategy and reporting going forward. A
above, in addition to each airline's standard
                                                complete description of the materiality
reporting, the Committee devoted special
                                                assessment can be found in the
attention to the different challenges posed
                                                Sustainability Report.
by the COVID pandemic on the safety
management systems and environment.




150    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Human rights and modern slavery                 Review of ESG ratings and relevant
In July, the Committee was briefed on the       sustainability indexes and Group
steps IAG is taking to ensure that slavery      reporting
and human trafficking are not taking place      At its July meeting, the Committee was
in the Group’s businesses or in its supply      updated on the different IAG ESG ratings.
chain, providing an update on the Group’s       The Committee considered the situation of
key initiatives. In particular, the Committee   each one of them and the actions
reviewed IAG’s Modern Slavery Statement         proposed to be addressed by
and submitted it for approval to the Board      management, with particular attention to
of Directors.                                   the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), on
                                                which relevant disclosures were filed at the
IAG’s Code of Conduct, which is also
                                                end of July.
applicable to IAG directors, establishes the
Group’s commitment to respect human             The Committee annual evaluation and
rights in the business, underpins IAG’s         priorities for 2022
framework in this area, which also includes     As the Committee started to be operative
anti-bribery and anti-fraud policies and        in May 2021, its annual performance
control, whistleblowing channels and            evaluation was completed by the
reporting, and the Group’s slavery and          Committee Chair based on the
human trafficking statement. As far as          conversations held with Committee
suppliers are concerned, IAG screens            members and management. The
suppliers to identify and mitigate potential    Committee was said to be operating
incidences of human rights violations, and      effectively during 2021. Nonetheless,
modern slavery clauses feature in all new       considering the early life of this Committee
supplier contracts as well as contract          and the important expectations and
renewals. In addition to IAG’s own Modern       business focus in this area, it was
Slavery statement, IAG asks suppliers to        considered appropriate to add two
adhere to the third IAG Group Slavery and       additional meetings to the 2022 schedule,
Human Trafficking Statement.                    and to restructure the Committee plan of
In 2022, the Committee will focus on the        activities accordingly.
assessment of human rights risks within
the business and its supply chain, including
environment, labour and human rights,
and ethics.
Diversity and Inclusion initiatives
At the December meeting, the Committee
assessed and refreshed the Group’s
diversity and inclusion commitments and
oversaw the programme of activities
envisaged under the Group’s diversity and
inclusion plans.
The Committee noted the progress made
in the year, including the establishment of
the new IAG Diversity Panel and refreshed
plans for each operating company to
underpin the Group’s new targets and
ambition, but also noted the adverse
impact on workforce composition and
gender pay due to the pandemic and
restructuring activities over the last year.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   151
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE




Report of the Audit
and Compliance Committee

                                                                                               important than ever as they continue to
                                                                                               work with determination as the business
                                                                                               hopefully moves into a recovery phase and
                                                                                               a progressive return to normal operations,
                                                                                               which will bring further challenges for the
                                                                                               finance and auditing teams. I would also
                                                                                               like to thank Steve Gunning, our Group
                                                                                               CFO, who steps down in March this year.
                                                                                               Steve has been instrumental in leading the
                                                                                               Group through the most challenging of
                                                                                               times and has ensured that he is leaving
                                                                                               the Group in a strong liquidity position. I
                                                                                               welcome Nicholas Cadbury, our new CFO,
                                                                                               and look forward to working with him in
                                                                                               future.
                                                                                               Alberto Terol stood down from the
                                                                                               Committee in June 2021, and I would like
                                                                                               to thank him for his significant
                                                                                               contribution, playing a key role in
                                                                                               advocating strong internal control, risk
                                                                                               management and compliance practices
                                                                                               across the Group. I welcome Maurice Lam,
                                                                                               who joined the Board and the Committee
                                                                                               in June. Maurice is an experienced audit
Margaret Ewing                                                                                 committee member with a breadth of
Audit and Compliance Committee Chair                                                           finance, audit and accounting knowledge.
                                                                                               Upon Maurice’s appointment, I met with
                                                                                               him to brief him on the key issues and
                                                                                               priorities for the Committee this year as
                                                                                               well as providing insights into certain
Committee members                                                           Date appointed     industry-specific accounting and risk
Margaret Ewing (Chair)                                                       June 20, 2019     issues.
Peggy Bruzelius                                                        December 31, 2020       Throughout 2021, I have maintained a
Eva Castillo                                                           December 31, 2020       dialogue with other members of the
Maurice Lam                                                                   June 17, 2021    Committee, management and the internal
                                                                                               auditor, including meeting with ‘agenda
                                                                                               topic owners’ prior to Committee
                                                                                               meetings, ensuring the Committee would
Dear Shareholder                                monitoring the management of the
                                                principal risks of the business.
                                                                                               be provided with the necessary
                                                                                               information to enable it to guide, challenge
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to                                                        and advise and, when required, make
                                                The continuation of the COVID-19
present the Report of the Audit and                                                            informed decisions. I also met regularly
                                                pandemic and its impact on governments’
Compliance Committee, which provides an                                                        with the lead partners of our new external
                                                policies regarding flying restrictions, the
overview of the role of the Committee and                                                      auditor, KPMG, as part of my ongoing
                                                aviation industry and our business has
the key matters considered in 2021,                                                            review of their effectiveness, particularly in
                                                meant that throughout 2021 the Group has
including insight into how the Committee                                                       this year of their transition. In addition,
                                                continued to face unprecedented and
has discharged its responsibilities and                                                        other Committee members met with
                                                significant challenges. The Committee
provided assurance on the integrity of the                                                     finance team representatives, management
                                                continued to apply an increased level of
2021 Annual Report and Accounts (2021                                                          and internal and external auditors, as part
                                                focus on the effect of this situation on our
ARA). It is our responsibility to ensure that                                                  of their induction.
                                                people and financial integrity, for example,
financial information published by the
                                                management’s ability to forecast the           The Committee held ten formal meetings
Group properly presents its activities to all
                                                recovery adds additional complexity to         during 2021 (compared to twelve in 2020)
stakeholders in a way that is transparent,
                                                those significant accounting judgements        and several ad hoc meetings on topics
useful and understandable and is aligned
                                                based on future expectations. I would like     such as fuel hedging strategy and policy.
with the latest guidance and requirements
                                                to take this opportunity, on behalf of the     The key items discussed by the Committee
of regulators. In addition, the Committee’s
                                                Committee, to acknowledge and express          in discharging its oversight responsibilities
fundamental priorities include ensuring the
                                                our significant gratitude to management        and its areas of focus are set out in further
quality and effectiveness of the external
                                                and teams who have continued to adapt          detail in this report. The Committee has
and internal audit processes and
                                                so well to the pandemic. We recognise          had clear oversight over the continuing
                                                that retaining our best people is more         impact of COVID-19 on the business,


152    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
particularly in respect of the significant     judgements and estimates continued to be       I hope that you find this report informative
operational, compliance and financial risks    made. The internally facilitated evaluation    and can continue to take assurance from
that could materially impact the Group’s       of the Committee’s effectiveness during        the work undertaken by the Committee
financial position and ability to execute      2021 supported this conclusion. The            during 2021 and planned for 2022. The
and deliver its strategy. A critical area of   evaluation findings, which were shared         Committee seeks to respond to
focus for the Committee has been the           with the Board, indicated that the             shareholders’ and other stakeholders’
smooth transition to KPMG as our external      Committee continued to perform                 expectations in our reporting. I welcome
auditor. KPMG presented an update of           effectively and had addressed its key          feedback on this Committee report or
their transition at each Committee             priorities and action plan for 2021.           other related issues and an opportunity to
meeting, providing the Committee with                                                         meet with investors during 2022.
                                               As we look forward to this current year,
their observations and plans. This included
                                               2022, further relaxation in travel
presenting their 2021 audit plan and risk                                                     Margaret Ewing
                                               restrictions and the anticipated increase in
assessment in November and plan for their                                                     Audit and Compliance Committee Chair
                                               business and operations levels of activity
review of the financial statements for the
                                               and revenues, the Committee will continue
first six months of the year (in May), both
                                               to provide robust challenge of
of which the Committee discussed in detail
                                               management and our external and internal
and approved.
                                               auditors. We will target known and
This report describes how the Committee        emerging risk areas for deep dives and
has monitored and assessed the                 ensure that the transformation occurring
effectiveness of the external auditor during   across the Group, as well as challenges
2021. KPMG’s fresh perspective, challenge      posed by the implementation of changes
and rigour have drawn the Committee’s          in corporate governance and regulatory
and management’s attention to a                requirements, are appropriately reflected
requirement for renewed consideration of       in the Group’s accounting, internal control,
the application of certain accounting          risk and compliance procedures.
policies and judgements. Management
have responded positively to KPMG’s
findings. The Committee has spent
considerable time reviewing and
scrutinising the Group’s financial results,
including the areas of challenge by the
external auditor, and details of the
significant issues we considered can be
found in this report.                             The Audit and Compliance Committee
During the year, several risk deep dives          The composition, competencies and           In addition to the Secretary and Deputy
and educational sessions were held for the        operating remit of the Audit and            Secretary, regular attendees at
Committee (particularly given the recent          Compliance Committee are regulated          Committee meetings included the
appointment of three of the members) to           by article 29 of the Board Regulations      Chairman, the Head of Group Audit
ensure collective robust knowledge of             as well as the Regulations of the Audit     (who reports functionally to the Chair of
issues unique to this industry and our            and Compliance Committee. The               the Committee) and representatives
businesses, key financial risks and more          Committee and Board approved                from the external auditor. Members of
complex accounting judgements, as well            revisions to the Regulations in February    the management team, including the
as the impact of emerging regulatory and          2021 to reflect the latest guidance and     Chief Executive Officer, the Chief
non-financial information requirements.           regulatory requirements in Spain and        Financial Officer and the Group
These sessions covered topics such as fuel        the UK. A copy of these Regulations         Financial Controller, were invited to
hedging, British Airways pensions, loyalty        can be found on IAG’s website.              attend specific agenda items as
programmes and the associated                                                                 required and when relevant.
                                                  The Committee’s composition,
accounting, ESG and sustainability. In            competencies and attendance                 A private session of the Committee
addition, briefing sessions by management         Detailed biographies of all current         members was held at the end of each
and the external auditor have ensured that        Committee members are included in           Committee meeting and during the year
all Committee members are aware of the            this Annual Report. The Board is            the Committee met privately with each
rapid evolution of corporate governance           satisfied that the Committee has            of the external and internal auditor.
proposals and regulatory guidelines in the        retained competence relevant to its         The Committee’s responsibilities
UK and EU, including the Department for           overall responsibilities and a wide range   and activities
Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy          of financial, audit, risk management and
(BEIS) consultations on UK Corporate                                                          The Committee’s principal responsibility
                                                  relevant sector and business experience
Governance and Audit Reform, the                                                              is to oversee and provide assurance to
                                                  amongst its members, providing the
European Commission’s consultation                                                            the Board on the integrity and quality of
                                                  right mix of skills and experience to
“Corporate reporting – improving its                                                          financial reporting, effectiveness of
                                                  provide constructive challenge and
quality and enforcement” and FRC and                                                          audit arrangements and robustness and
                                                  support to management. The Board has
CNMV thematic reviews.                                                                        effective operation of internal controls,
                                                  determined that Margaret Ewing and
                                                                                              compliance and risk management
I believe that, throughout 2021, we have          Maurice Lam have recent and relevant
                                                                                              processes. The Committee meeting
ensured: the key challenges and risks faced       financial experience. The Board, through
                                                                                              agendas are tailored to ensure
by the Group were reflected in the external       the Nominations Committee, will
                                                                                              emerging topics are included and to
and internal audit plans; effective controls      continue to review the Committee’s
                                                                                              allow for ad hoc discussion and reviews.
remained in place; rapidly changing               membership to ensure the skills and
                                                                                              A summary of the Committee’s
principal and emerging risks were                 experience of its members align with
                                                                                              activities during 2021 and until the date
identified and effectively managed;               the business as it develops.
                                                                                              of this report is detailed below.
compliance with all regulatory and legal
obligations; and sound financial



                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      153
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CONTINUED




Area of Committee focus                     Activities
Financial reporting                         • reviewing the financial statements and announcements of the Group to ensure integrity;
                                            • consideration of the process for confirming and recommending to the Board that the
                                              2021 Annual Report and Accounts is fair, balanced and understandable;
                                            • reviewing and challenging significant accounting estimates, judgements and accounting
                                              policies applied in the financial statements of the Group and related reporting and
                                              disclosures; and
                                            • reviewing and challenging management’s assessment of the going concern and viability
                                              of the Group.
External auditor                            • oversight of the external auditor focusing on audit quality, effectiveness, independence
                                              and objectivity to ensure the rigour and challenge of the audit process is maintained.
                                              Specific activities undertaken by the Committee to oversee the relationship with KPMG
                                              and the audit process are included in this report.
Internal auditor                            • oversight of the internal auditor focusing on the appropriateness of the internal audit
                                              skills and resourcing, approving the audit plan, reviewing audit results and ensuring the
                                              independence of the internal audit team. Specific activities undertaken by the Committee
                                              with regard to internal audit are included in this report.
Internal Control over Financial Reporting • consideration and challenge of management’s analysis of risks in financial reporting,
(ICFR)                                      identification of key financial controls and documentation of accounting processes;
                                          • monitoring the internal controls procedures adopted by the Company, to verify
                                            compliance with them; and
                                          • reviewing the results of the internal audits of ICFR, consideration of the external auditor’s
                                            findings and conclusions on this matter and tracking the progress of implementation of
                                            internal and external ICFR audit recommendations.
Enterprise risk management                  • reviewing the principal and emerging risks facing the Group, including gaining assurance
                                              as to the effectiveness of the internal control system, mitigations, and risk management
                                              process;
                                            • reviewing the performance of the Group against its existing risk appetite and confirming
                                              management’s assessment that the Group has applied appropriate mitigations or other
                                              effective controls to ensure that an appropriate risk appetite has operated throughout
                                              the period;
                                            • reviewing the approach adopted by the Board in defining the Group’s risk appetite in
                                              light of the changing environment in which the Group will operate as it emerges from the
                                              destructive effects of the pandemic and executes on its transformation strategy;
                                            • reviewing the Group’s fraud risk assessment and design of the internal control
                                              framework to prevent and detect fraud, including consideration of the key controls and
                                              assurance activities provided across the Group in relation to financial and non-financial
                                              fraud risk;
                                            • overseeing treasury risk management, including reviewing the Group’s fuel and foreign
                                              exchange hedging policies, positions and financial counterparty exposure, compliance
                                              with the Group’s treasury and financial risk management policies and consideration of
                                              the implications of the approved fuel hedging profile given the unprecedented decline in
                                              demand and its continued appropriateness in managing these risks; and
                                            • overseeing tax risk management and considering the tax strategy before recommending
                                              to the Board for approval and publishing on the IAG website.
Legal and compliance                        • reviewing the Group’s anti-bribery, sanctions, competition, privacy and Spanish Criminal
                                              Code compliance programmes including the latest related risk heat maps, regulatory
                                              developments, the key programme activities during 2021 and priorities for 2022;
                                            • reviewing, on behalf of the Board, the Group’s independent third party-facilitated
                                              whistleblowing procedures and the annual report from the Group’s General Counsel on:
                                              incidents reported via the whistleblowing channels, by category and nature; any
                                              emerging themes or trends; timeliness and responsibility for follow-up; and investigations
                                              and actions taken to address substantiated reports; and
                                            • consideration of litigation status reports from the General Counsel including the status of
                                              remaining and potential civil litigation actions. (See note 33 to the financial statements.)




154   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Area of Committee focus                         Activities
IT, cybercrime and GDPR                         • reviewing and monitoring key cyber security and data privacy management
                                                  improvement projects including visibility of trend analysis and benchmarking external
                                                  data to better understand the Group’s progress.
Non-Financial Information                       • reviewing the processes and integrity of information provided in the Group’s
                                                  Consolidated Statement of Non-Financial Information in compliance with Law 11/2018,
                                                  including information on environmental, social, employee, and human rights-related
                                                  matters and receiving the external auditor’s assurance report and conclusions; and
                                                • reviewing the integrity of the reporting and data in respect of the Group’s longer-term
                                                  sustainability and climate-related risks and opportunities, including the Group’s
                                                  alignment with the provisions of the TCFD process, and the appropriate reflection of the
                                                  implications of climate change in the financial statements and financial and cashflow
                                                  forecasts.
Insurance                                       • reviewing the Group’s insurance position, including general insurance arrangements and
                                                  directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, and reporting to the Board on the adequacy
                                                  and appropriateness of the cover with regards to the Group’s relevant principal and
                                                  emerging risks (recognising that not all risks are of an insurable nature).
Investor relations                              • reviewing management’s summary and analysis of the Group’s investor/analyst views
                                                  regarding accounting policies, risks and disclosures to ensure that investor views are
                                                  taken into account where required.
Governance and other matters                    • reviewing and recommending to the Board the adoption of amendments to relevant
                                                  policies. In 2021 this included updating the related party transactions policy
                                                  (incorporating changes to Spanish Law 5/2021 April 12 implementing the European
                                                  Shareholder Rights Directive II) and revising the internal procedures to ensure
                                                  compliance with the new requirements; and
                                                • considering the implications of both the European Commission’s consultation
                                                  “Corporate reporting – improving its quality and enforcement” as well as the UK
                                                  Government’s proposals regarding audit and corporate governance reforms, agreeing
                                                  with management’s initial plans for potential implementation of relevant aspects of the
                                                  proposals and reviewing and submitting our detailed response to the BEIS consultation.


Significant financial                              The Committee has also sought to ensure       year to December 31, 2021 (including those
                                                   that the Group’s reporting is aligned with    considered as significant audit issues by
reporting matters                                  the latest guidance and requirements from     the external auditor and described in the
considered by the Audit                            regulators, that it is fair, balanced and     Independent Auditor’s Report) are set out
                                                   understandable and that all matters           in the table below. After robust challenge
and Compliance Committee                           disclosed and reported upon, including the    and debate, there are no topics where the
The Committee takes account of                     Company’s response to the pandemic and        conclusion resulted in significant
significant issues and risks, including            its implications for the future strategy of   disagreement between management, the
strategic, business and operating, financial,      the Group, meet the rapidly evolving needs    external auditor and the Committee, or
compliance and regulatory, that may                of the Group’s stakeholders.                  unresolved issues that needed to be
materially impact the integrity and                                                              referred to the Board.
                                                   The significant accounting judgements,
accuracy of the quarterly financial results
                                                   estimates, accounting policies and issues
announcements or the 2021 Annual Report
                                                   considered by the Committee in relation to
and Accounts.
                                                   the Annual Report and Accounts for the




                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        155
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CONTINUED




Matter                                      Action taken by the Committee and outcome/future actions
Viability and going concern assessments Throughout the year and in finalising the 2021 financial statements and Annual Report,
                                        given the ever evolving relaxation and subsequent tightening of government restrictions in
                                        relation to travel and the continuation of economic uncertainty arising from the global
                                        COVID-19 pandemic, the Committee has considered and robustly challenged
                                        management’s going concern review and viability assessment, including the supporting
                                        analysis.
                                            The Committee considered the enhanced level of assessment and rigour applied by
                                            management reflecting the volatility in the external environment that directly impacted
                                            management’s ability to forecast the recovery. This included review of critical estimation
                                            assumptions and judgements applied in relation to cash flow forecasts over the short,
                                            medium and long term, many of which are based on events outside of the Group’s control
                                            such as the predictability of the pattern of government restrictions.
                                            Management sense-checked the assumptions underlying the Base Case projections and
                                            Downside scenarios by comparison to forecasts available from informed external
                                            commentators including IATA, analysts and other industry-wide researchers.
                                            The Committee provided robust challenge of the assumptions applied in management’s
                                            Base Case projections (reflecting the continuing impact of the pandemic, progressive
                                            relaxation of Government travel restrictions and related recovery forecasting), the
                                            selection of the four sensitivity scenarios to be modelled to stress the business plan, the
                                            assessment of the severity and plausibility of these events occurring during the viability
                                            period and underlying assumptions and reverse stress test scenarios. The Committee also
                                            reviewed the external auditor’s findings and conclusions on this matter. The Viability
                                            statement section of this Annual Report provides details of the Base Case and Downside
                                            scenarios applied in assessing the appropriateness of the Board’s viability statement and
                                            application of the going concern basis of accounting.
                                            Following this thorough challenge, the Committee recommended the viability and going
                                            concern statements and related disclosures to the Board for inclusion in the 2021 half-year
                                            interim results announcement and the 2021 Annual Report and Accounts, including a
                                            related ‘material uncertainty’ statement in respect of going concern and viability and
                                            significantly expanded disclosures.
Impairment of non-financial assets          The Committee reviewed management’s assessment of potential impairment of cash
                                            generating units (which hold the goodwill, intangible and tangible assets of the Group’s
                                            businesses). The Committee considered the methodology applied, the critical assumptions
                                            adopted (including, for each CGU, discount rates, long-term growth rates, weighted
                                            average cost of capital and cash flow forecasts as reflected in the operating companies’
                                            forecasts consolidated in the Group’s three-year Financial Plan). The impairment review,
                                            although required to be undertaken only annually unless there is a trigger of impairment,
                                            was undertaken at both the half year and year end.
                                            The Committee challenged both management and the auditor as to the level of prudence /
                                            optimism included in the underlying cash flow forecasts and impairment modelling
                                            assumptions. The Committee further challenged both management and the auditor as to
                                            whether the cash flow models used in the impairment modelling were consistent with
                                            those used for other critical estimates and in particular the going concern modelling. The
                                            Committee noted the impairment review was undertaken on a multi-scenario basis and
                                            that no impairment was required in either the base case scenario or when applying a
                                            weighted combination of the base case and downside scenarios. The Committee agreed
                                            that management’s assessment of no impairment of CGUs was appropriate, as was the
                                            disclosure within the Financial Statements as to the assumptions and sensitivities applied in
                                            the assessment of the carrying value of the CGUs.
                                            The Committee also discussed management’s assessment of the carrying value of specific
                                            assets including in 2021 the reversal of impairment recognised originally in 2020 as a result
                                            of aircraft being stood down and subsequently brought back into service. The Committee
                                            agreed that the reversal was appropriate resulting from the standing up of four leased
                                            Airbus A320s.




156      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Matter                                Action taken by the Committee and outcome/future actions
Hedge accounting                      The Committee considered management’s discontinuation of hedge accounting for those
                                      transactions not expected to occur over the remaining course of 2021 and the associated
                                      gains/losses in the cash flow hedge reserve reclassified to the Income statement. These
                                      amounts, which are significantly less than in 2020, have arisen from the substantial
                                      deterioration in demand for air travel caused by COVID-19, which resulted in a significant
                                      level of hedged fuel purchases in US dollars and hedged passenger revenue transactions in
                                      a variety of foreign currencies to no longer be expected to occur, based on the Group’s
                                      operating forecasts prevailing at the balance sheet date. The Committee agreed with
                                      management’s approach to continue to derecognise hedge accounting for these
                                      transactions.
Exceptional items and alternative     In response to the FRC’s thematic review and letter to the Chairman on alternative
performance measures                  performance measures and exceptional items, and challenge from the Committee and
                                      external auditor, management tabled a proposed revision to the exceptional items and
                                      APM accounting policy. Management also performed analysis to facilitate the response to
                                      the FRC’s letter from the Committee. Following review of the draft policy revisions, the
                                      Committee requested management to reconsider the definition of what should be
                                      classified as exceptional, considering the position of industry peers. The outcome of this
                                      assessment was subsequently reflected in the revised policy approved by the Committee.
                                      The Committee also requested a detailed analysis of items proposed by management for
                                      treatment as an exceptional item. The Committee considered all items proposed to be
                                      classified as exceptional items in the financial statements with reference to the revised
                                      policy and took into account the history of exceptional items and the views of the external
                                      auditor.
Loyalty revenue recognition           The Committee is satisfied that the judgements and estimates relating to loyalty revenue
                                      recognition are appropriately supported by reasonable management assumptions and
                                      those of an independent expert third party. The Committee also considered the
                                      conclusions of the external auditor, who had identified loyalty revenue recognition as a Key
                                      Audit Matter. The Committee’s scrutiny included training and deep-dive risk sessions on
                                      loyalty accounting.
Defined benefit pension obligations   The Committee is satisfied that the judgements and estimates relating to defined benefit
                                      pension obligations reflect assumptions supported by independent experts including
                                      actuarial specialists engaged by the Group. In reaching its conclusion, the Committee also
                                      considered KPMG’s audit of the defined benefit pension obligations, which they had
                                      identified as a Key Audit Matter. The Committee’s scrutiny included training and deep-
                                      dive risk sessions covering British Airways’ defined benefit pension obligations.
                                      The Committee observed KPMG’s challenge of the Group’s accounting policy for
                                      administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Whilst
                                      the Committee supported management’s rationale for the original policy (as had the
                                      previous external auditor), the Committee observed good debate of the arguments put
                                      forward by both management and KPMG in Committee meetings, including discussion of
                                      the treatment of similar costs in other organisations.
                                      The debate ultimately resulted in management’s proposal to change the accounting
                                      policy, including an associated prior year adjustment, which was supported by KPMG. The
                                      Committee challenged management as to whether such a change in accounting policy
                                      provided more relevant and useful information to users of the financial statements and
                                      ultimately agreed with management that the revised policy better reflects the underlying
                                      management and operation of the Group’s defined benefit schemes, while remaining in
                                      compliance with IAS 19.




                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     157
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CONTINUED




Other significant matters considered
Highlights of other key matters that the Committee considered are explained below.
Matter           Action taken by the Committee and outcome/future actions
Fraud            The fraud risk profile of the Group continued to develop in 2021 as working practices continued to evolve and teams
procedures       adapted to the changing outlook and level of business operations.
                 The Committee reviewed management’s annual fraud risk assessment and noted alignment between the assessment,
                 the assurance map, including lines of defence, and the approved internal audit plan covering key financial reporting
                 anti-fraud controls as well as audits targeted at specific fraud risk across the Group during this period.
                 In addition, the Committee reviewed the design of the internal control framework to prevent and detect fraud. This
                 included consideration of the key controls and assurance activities taking place across the Group in relation to financial
                 and non-financial fraud, whether from internal or external sources.
                 On behalf of the Board, the Committee will continue to monitor fraud and internal controls carefully, including
                 consideration of the views of the external auditor, the results of the annual ICFR audits and the results of a series of
                 focused anti-fraud control internal audits.
Interest rate    The Committee reviewed management’s proposals for a revised fuel hedging strategy and policy. The Group’s previous
and foreign      risk management strategy was to build up fuel hedges gradually over a three-year period when the level of forecast fuel
exchange         consumption and passenger revenues were more certain. Due to the current COVID-19 related market volatility and
hedging          unpredictable nature of government restrictions, management proposed a revision to the fuel hedging strategy and
policy           supporting policy. The Committee recommended several enhancements to management’s proposals, which were
                 accepted by management and resulted in the Committee approving the current fuel price hedging strategy and policy.
                 The revised strategy includes a reduction in the minimum percentage of hedging coverage as well as the use of
                 alternative financial instruments to increase flexibility.
                 The Committee also considered the Group’s review of both the Foreign Exchange Risk and Interest Rate Risk policies.
                 The Committee agreed with management’s conclusion that no significant changes are required to either policy.
                 Management’s conclusions were supported and informed by both external advice and competitor analysis, including
                 retrospective and forward-looking analysis, peer benchmarking and outside-in analysis by key financial institutions. In
                 agreeing with management’s conclusion, the Committee requested management closely monitor the ongoing
                 applicability of the policies.
Fleet            The Committee considered management’s assessment and application of existing accounting policies. In doing so,
maintenance      KPMG and the Committee challenged management on the appropriateness of the accounting treatment of fleet assets,
and aircraft     and in particular accounting for heavy maintenance events and the componentisation of such assets on acquisition.
refit            Management presented the existing accounting policies, supplemented with alternative treatments, including the
                 retrospective impact of any change in accounting policy. The Committee further challenged KPMG on the existing
                 accounting policies and the alternatives presented by management.
                 Following discussion with management and the external auditor, the Committee agreed with management that no
                 change in accounting policy was merited.
Corporate        The Committee considered the European Commission’s consultation “Corporate reporting – improving its quality and
governance       enforcement” as well as the Group’s formal response to the BEIS open consultation in relation to the UK Government’s
and audit        white paper “Restoring trust in audit and corporate governance: proposals on reforms”. The Committee and
reform           management are broadly supportive of the key objectives and ambition of the proposed reform package.
                 The Committee approved the Group’s formal written response to BEIS and awaits the publication of the outcome of the
                 consultation to identify a plan to achieve compliance by the date of required implementation. The response was an
                 opportunity to not only demonstrate support for certain proposals but also to highlight where a few aspects would
                 create challenges, given the unique position of IAG as a Spanish holding company of a Spanish and UK listed
                 multinational group, with a UK subsidiary that is a Public Interest Entity.
Non-financial    In conjunction with the Safety, Environment and Corporate Responsibility Committee, the Committee plays a key role in
information      the governance of regulatory reporting requirements in respect of non-financial information, particularly those related
and              to workforce data and climate-related risks and opportunities. The Committee focusses on the integrity of the data,
environment      effectiveness of relevant controls, and balance of the narrative supporting each data point disclosed. During 2021,
                 management has worked towards improving the process and controls to obtain reliable workforce data and the
                 Committee has requested an Internal Audit to be undertaken in 2022.
                 In ensuring climate change and other matters related to ESG had been considered and disclosed, with supporting
                 evidence and balance, by the Group, the Committee continued to receive regular updates in relation to the statements
                 on non-financial information and diversity (prepared in compliance with the requirements of Law 11/2018) as well as
                 management’s demonstration of close alignment with key sustainability frameworks, including TCFD.
                 The Committee considered the financial modelling regarding the Group’s various climate change commitments and the
                 resultant incorporation of the modelling assumptions into the financial reporting, and its underlying assumptions and
                 judgements. Such consideration included review and challenge of management regarding the enhanced disclosure note
                 regarding the impact of climate change on financial reporting. The Committee also reviewed the limited assurance
                 report from KPMG on the Group’s non-financial information, including TCFD compliance.


158      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
The Committee will continue to receive            also ensuring coverage of specific risks,   • review of KPMG’s transition and first
regular updates on all of the above matters       including cyber security, and satisfying      year audit arrangements and plan and
in 2022.                                          ICFR and Spanish Criminal Code                overseeing implementation progress
                                                  requirements;                                 throughout 2021;
Internal Control over Financial Reporting
                                                • reviewing key audit conclusions,            • approval of the 2021 external audit plan
The Board of Directors is ultimately
                                                  discussing the quality and timeliness of      and strategy including consideration of
responsible for the supervision of the
                                                  management’s responses, monitoring            scope, approach and methodology
existence and effectiveness of Internal
                                                  the resolution of issues raised and           (including comparison to prior external
Control over Financial Reporting (“ICFR”).
                                                  requesting additional audit review of         auditor approach and reasons for
The Board has delegated the responsibility
                                                  certain weaknesses or concerns                differences), emerging industry and
for the development of effective controls
                                                  identified by internal audit, post            Group-specific audit risks and
to the Chief Executive Officer and the
                                                  management action to remediate;               materiality. Monitoring the audit plan’s
supervision of the effectiveness of these
                                                • holding regular meetings during the year      implementation, including receiving
controls to the Audit and Compliance
                                                  between the Committee, the Head of            regular reports from KPMG on key
Committee.
                                                  Group Audit and the external audit            judgements, audit matters and any
The Group’s ICFR monitoring and auditing          partner as well as ensuring the Head of       significant weaknesses detected in the
covers processes applied by the Company,          Group Audit feels able to raise any           internal control environment;
Aer Lingus, British Airways, IAG GBS, IAG         concerns informally and directly with the   • discussion, prior to recommendation of
Loyalty, Iberia, and Vueling and covers           Chair of the Committee; and                   the financial statements to the Board for
processes performed by IAG GBS and IAG                                                          approval, of the audit findings, including
                                                • monitoring and protecting internal
Cargo on behalf of the operating                                                                audit differences, and observations on
                                                  audit’s independence and standing
companies. The Committee reviews and                                                            internal controls, operations and
                                                  within the Group, ensuring its ability to
validates the Group’s approach to                                                               resources. This included challenging the
                                                  influence and engage at the most senior
complying with the CNMV’s ICFR                                                                  auditors on their conclusions regarding
                                                  levels across IAG and all operating
recommendations.                                                                                fleet maintenance and aircraft refit
                                                  companies and functions and is closely
In 2021, the Committee reviewed the               involved in the Group’s discussions on        discussed above.
results of the internal audits of ICFR (which     risk.                                       • performing an assessment of the
included IT general controls) as well as the                                                    effectiveness and independence of
                                                During 2021, the Committee requested an
results of the external audit. Despite the                                                      KPMG, including the quality of the 2021
                                                independent effectiveness review of the
operating conditions of 2021 and the                                                            audit, and reviewing and approving the
                                                Internal Audit function. This review was
continuation of remote working and ERTE                                                         fees and terms of reference; and
                                                undertaken by Deloitte UK and concluded
or furlough being applied for much of the                                                     • reviewing and approving 2021 non-audit
                                                that Internal Audit remains a high
year, no material or significant weaknesses                                                     services expenditure against policy and
                                                performing function.
that would impact the integrity of the                                                          previously determined limit guidance.
financial statements were identified, and       The Committee is satisfied that delivery of     Reviewing and approving non-audit
management continued to improve the             the approved internal audit strategy and        services limit guidance and expectations
control environment across the Group. The       plan is providing timely and appropriate        for 2022.
Committee also tracked the progress of          assurance on the effectiveness of controls
                                                in place to successfully and effectively      External audit scope, materiality and
internal audit recommendations to address
                                                manage the Group’s relevant principal risks   execution
any weaknesses identified.
                                                (ie those that are capable of being           The Committee discussed and agreed the
Internal audit                                                                                scope of the audit with KPMG in
                                                subjected to an audit review).
The Committee’s activities during 2021 in                                                     November, prior to the commencement of
relation to the Internal Audit function         External audit
                                                                                              the year end audit, ensuring that the audit
included:                                       The Committee engaged throughout the          strategy was robust and informed by the
                                                year with KPMG, with the engagement           auditor’s review of the financial statements
• reviewing and agreeing the internal audit
                                                partners attending all Committee meetings     for the six months to June 30, 2021 and
  2021 plan and 2022 first six months plan
                                                as well as a series of ad hoc meetings. The   assessment of the Group’s key risks,
  (including resourcing and budget to
                                                Committee Chair met frequently with the       particularly those that are significant to the
  appoint appropriate external specialist
                                                Group and lead audit partners throughout      audit. KPMG explained to the Committee
  resource and recruit additional
                                                the year to review Group developments,        the key tests that they intended
  permanent resource when required to
                                                audit progress and their planned reporting.   performing on the identified higher-risk
  ensure the function is appropriately
                                                The Committee’s key activities in relation    audit areas that could lead to material
  resourced to provide the required level
                                                to its interaction with KPMG included:        misstatement of the financial statements
  of assurance over the principal risks,
  processes and controls throughout the                                                       and significantly influenced the audit plan.
  Group) and amendments to the 2021                                                           In addition, KPMG presented a dynamic
  plan (as the internal auditor responded                                                     risk assessment providing the Committee
  to the pandemic’s impact on the Group).                                                     with an enhanced four-dimensional view of
  This included ensuring the 2021 plan                                                        risk by evaluating each risk’s
  continued to focus on fraud risk while                                                      interconnectivity and how rapidly they can
                                                                                              materialise. The auditor and the Committee



                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        159
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE AUDIT AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE CONTINUED




confirmed a shared understanding of these      the Committee to assess and measure the          procedures in relation to the ongoing
risks and key audit matters, including         quality of the audit through regularly           impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as
going concern and viability, the carrying      monitoring the auditor’s communications          well as the impact of UK audit reform.
value of tangible and intangible assets and    with management and the Committee,             • reports from the external auditor were
how these were to be considered in the         compliance with relevant regulatory,             reviewed during all scheduled
audit approach.                                ethical and professional guidance and            Committee meetings in 2021 and again
                                               assess, on an ongoing basis, the audit           in January and February 2022
The auditor confirmed that 96 per cent
                                               team’s qualifications, expertise, resources,     Committee meetings, covering: the
(2020: 97 per cent) of the Group’s revenue
                                               partner performance and the effectiveness        conclusions of the review of the Group’s
and 90 per cent (2020: 91 per cent) of the
                                               of the audit process. The Committee’s            results for the half year, audit planning
Group’s total assets would be subject to a
                                               assessment included, in addition to its own      and transition updates, interim audit
full scope audit and that specific scope
                                               independent assessment, a survey as well         findings (including those of the review of
procedures would be performed on IAG
                                               as detailed discussion with key executives       the relevant key IT general controls),
Loyalty. The Committee agreed that the
                                               and finance staff, which demonstrated            progress update for year end matters,
approach was appropriate and should
                                               that, while the 2021 external audit was          and final report for year end matters.
provide the Board with a high level of
                                               deemed to be effective and of good             • KPMG attended all Committee meetings
assurance regarding the integrity of the
                                               quality, there were some areas identified        during the year, including ad hoc
financial statements and subsequently
                                               for improvement and this has been                meetings, to answer any questions the
approved the audit plan, recognising that
                                               reported to the Lead Engagement Partner.         Committee had outside of these formal
the plan would evolve as the year
                                               The Committee’s independent assessment           updates.
concluded to reflect any changes in
                                               considered the overall quality of the audit,
circumstances or outlook.                                                                     • Taking all aspects of the assessment
                                               including the independence of KPMG and
                                                                                                throughout the year into consideration,
The Committee agreed with KPMG, in             whether the auditor exhibited an
                                                                                                the Committee concluded that it is
considering the accuracy of financial          appropriate level of challenge and
                                                                                                satisfied that, despite it being the first
reporting, the scale of accounting errors of   scepticism in their work and dealings with
                                                                                                year, the KPMG audit was probing,
lesser significance that were to be brought    management. However, the Committee
                                                                                                challenging and robust and the
to the Committee’s attention and the           also acknowledged management’s
                                                                                                approach provided a reliable audit
amounts that would need to be adjusted         identified areas for improvement, which
                                                                                                opinion with a reasonable expectation of
so that the financial statements give a true   KPMG has agreed to action during 2022.
                                                                                                detecting material errors, irregularities
and fair view. The Committee
                                               In particular, the Committee assessed the        and material fraud. The Committee
acknowledged KPMG’s challenge in setting
                                               depth of review and level of challenge           considered the external audit to have
materiality given the economic and
                                               provided by the external auditor over the        been effective and of a high quality.
financial consequences of COVID-19 on the
                                               significant accounting policies, judgements
Group’s revenues and profitability. The                                                       External audit tender and transition
                                               and estimates made by management. An
Committee challenged the auditor on the                                                       To comply with the Spanish Act 22/2015,
                                               example of where the Committee
appropriateness of applying one measure                                                       the Committee conducted an audit tender
                                               observed the external auditor demonstrate
of materiality only to the Group’s income                                                     process that concluded in January 2020.
                                               both professional scepticism and a
statement and balance sheet, given the                                                        Since KPMG’s appointment as the auditor
                                               challenge of management was in relation
carrying values of categories of assets and                                                   of the Company for the years 2021, 2022
                                               to the treatment of administration costs
liabilities and the anticipated loss before                                                   and 2023, the Committee has reviewed
                                               associated with the Group’s defined
tax for the year. The auditor explained the                                                   and monitored the implementation of
                                               benefit pension schemes. The observations
requirements of the relevant auditing                                                         KPMG’s transition and audit plans as well
                                               and conclusion of the Committee in
standard and explained that, due to the                                                       as the execution of these plans throughout
                                               respect of this matter are noted in this
current volatility, the default benchmark                                                     2021. The Committee will be required to
                                               report above.
for a group like IAG does not currently                                                       consider and approve the reappointment
provide an appropriate basis for setting       In addition to the annual evaluation and       of KPMG annually from 2024.
materiality. Consequently, the Committee       regular review of reports to the Committee
was satisfied with the method used by the      and the working practices of the KPMG
auditor to determine materiality and the       audit team, the Committee undertook an
consequential level of materiality applied     ongoing assessment of external audit
during the audit.                              quality and effectiveness including, but not
                                               limited to, the following:
External auditor quality and effectiveness
The Committee is very focused on audit         • the Committee oversaw formal terms of
quality and effectiveness, which is              engagement with the auditor and
reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure           agreed the audit fee. KPMG assured the
the rigour and challenge of the external         Committee that despite a significant
audit process is maintained. As 2021 is          increase compared to the 2020 fee, the
KPMG’s first year as IAG’s external auditor,     approved 2021 fee was at a level that
the Committee received an update from            was appropriate for the scope of the
KPMG at all Committee meetings, enabling         audit, to enable a quality audit to be
                                                 undertaken and to allow for additional


160   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
External auditor non-audit services and
independence
Non-audit services provided by the
external auditor are subject to a Board-
approved policy that prohibits certain
categories of work and controls the overall
level of expenditure. The Company
complies voluntarily with the revised UK
standards in relation to non-audit services
and the Committee concluded that KPMG
is independent.
The Committee reviews the nature and
volume of projects undertaken by the
external auditor on a quarterly basis and all
projects are either pre-approved in line
with the list of permitted services in the
FRC’s Revised Ethical Standard 2019 or
approved by the Committee Chair for
projects over €100,000 or of an unusual
nature and then retrospectively approved
by the Committee. The overall volume of
work is addressed by a target annual
maximum of €1.7 million with an additional
allowance of up to €1.3 million for large
projects where the external auditor is
uniquely placed to carry out the work.
Spend in 2021 is within the total target
maximum and was €423,000 with an
additional €776,000 relating to
preparatory work performed on an
aborted corporate finance transaction that
would have been required under the
regulations and most effectively
performed by the statutory auditor. Details
of the fees paid to the external auditor
during the year can be found in note 7 to
the Group financial statements.




                                                INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   161
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE




Report of the Remuneration Committee


                                                                                             sustainable value for our shareholders. In
                                                                                             particular, the Group was effective in
                                                                                             raising and maintaining cash liquidity
                                                                                             through banks and public markets and
                                                                                             positive levered free cash flows were
                                                                                             achieved in 2021 as a result of improved
                                                                                             operating cash flows and successful debt
                                                                                             capital raising.
                                                                                             The establishment of the new Manchester
                                                                                             base for Aer Lingus, Paris-Orly expansion
                                                                                             for Vueling, strengthening of IAG Loyalty
                                                                                             and relaunch of the BA Gatwick shorthaul
                                                                                             network from summer 2022 (with flight
                                                                                             sales having begun in December 2021) all
                                                                                             showed significant progress against our
                                                                                             long-term strategic initiatives, despite the
                                                                                             challenges presented by the pandemic.
                                                                                             Similarly, the Group’s climate change
                                                                                             commitments continued to lead the global
                                                                                             aviation sector towards net zero emissions
                                                                                             by 2050, evidenced by IAG being the first
                                                                                             European airline to commit to 10%
                                                                                             sustainable aviation fuel by 2030,
                                                                                             alongside multiple other environmental
Alberto Terol                                                                                projects and innovations.
Remuneration Committee Chair
                                                                                             2021 shareholder consultation and
                                                                                             support for new policy
Committee members                                                         Date appointed
                                                                                             In my report last year, I described how we
Alberto Terol (Chair)                                                December 31, 2020       held a number of highly productive
Nicola Shaw                                                              January 1, 2018     meetings with major shareholders to
Emilio Saracho                                                            June 20, 2019      better understand their expectations on
                                                                                             evolving Remuneration Policy design and
Heather Ann McSharry                                                 December 31, 2020
                                                                                             implementation.
Eva Castillo                                                         December 31, 2020
                                                                                             This feedback directly informed the design
                                                                                             of our new Policy for 2021 and I was
Dear Shareholder                              to the business and prepare for growth.
                                              This work has positioned the Group to take
                                                                                             pleased that this collaboration was evident
                                                                                             in the strong levels of support received for
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to       full advantage of the recovery that we are
                                                                                             the new policy at the Annual Shareholders’
present our 2021 Directors’ Remuneration      now beginning to experience in early 2022.
                                                                                             Meeting in June 2021. I was also pleased to
Report, my second as chair of the
                                              We believe that our new Directors’             see a strong level of support for the 2020
Committee. This report includes both our
                                              Remuneration Policy, strengthened by the       Annual Report on Directors’ Remuneration.
current Directors’ Remuneration Policy, as
                                              proposed amendment to the IAG CEO RSP
approved by Shareholders at the 2021                                                         Against the backdrop of the biggest crisis
                                              opportunity, will support the strategic
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, and our                                                        the aviation industry has ever faced, the
                                              priorities of the Company as we respond
2021 Annual Report on Remuneration,                                                          new Policy proposed a change in
                                              to the unique challenges faced by the
detailing how our policy was implemented                                                     remuneration components from the 2018
                                              airline industry. It will provide the
during 2021. I will also present our                                                         policy’s Performance Share Plan (PSP) to
                                              Committee with the necessary flexibility to
proposed policy amendment to the                                                             Restricted Shares (RSP) awarded under
                                              motivate and retain our key talent at a
Restricted Share Plan (RSP) for the IAG                                                      the Executive Share Plan (ESP) approved
                                              time when other markets are further
CEO, which is detailed later in the report.                                                  in June 2021. The strong level of support
                                              progressed in their recoveries. I would like
                                                                                             received from shareholders for this change
As set out in more detail elsewhere in this   to thank shareholders on behalf of the
                                                                                             enables us to improve simplicity and
report, COVID-19’s continued impact in        Committee for supporting us in the
                                                                                             transparency, as well as strengthen the
2021 has been both more severe and more       transition to this framework.
                                                                                             alignment of interests between our senior
prolonged in our sector than others.
                                              Performance delivered in 2021                  leaders and our shareholders. The RSP
However, the strength, stability and
                                              The proficient stewardship of the Group in     improves our ability to attract, motivate
resilience of the IAG platform and focus of
                                              2021 both optimised preparations and           and retain our Management Committee
our reorganised Management Committee
                                              opportunities for our recovery and ensured     and other key roles in what is an
have enabled us to face into this
                                              progress continued to be made against          increasingly competitive market for talent.
protracted headwind, make improvements
                                              our strategy and the creation of long-term,


162   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Principal changes from the previous policy:
Change to policy                         Summary of the change
Long-term incentive                            Replacement of the existing Performance Share Plan (PSP) with a Restricted Share Plan
                                               (RSP).
Pension contributions                          Upon appointment, the pension contribution for the new CEO of IAG was revised down to
                                               12.5% of salary, comparable to the rate applicable to the majority of the UK workforce. In
                                               the Remuneration Policy, the Company has formalised the arrangement that pension
                                               contributions for executive directors will be aligned with the wider workforce.
Post-cessation shareholding                    Introduction of a post-cessation shareholding requirement for executive directors, in line
requirements                                   with best practice.
Malus and clawback                             Extended the malus and clawback trigger events to include payments based on erroneous
                                               or misleading data, serious reputational damage and corporate failure to align with
                                               guidance.
Discretion                                     Additional wording to align to the UK Corporate Governance Code and allow discretion to
                                               adjust formulaic outcomes to reflect corporate performance.
Addressing significant falls in share price Additional wording to address windfall gains that may occur for long-term incentives.
under long-term incentives


Following shareholder feedback, we have           annual incentive plan awards were made          The uncertain and changing outlook for
given greater reassurance that any RSP            to directors or managers in 2021.               2021, also made it appropriate to set and
value delivered will be fair and appropriate                                                      review targets at six-monthly intervals.
                                                  Following shareholder approval of the
in the context of sustainable business                                                            This ensured the Group’s senior leadership
                                                  Executive Share Plan in June 2021, a
performance and the experience of our                                                             remained focused on the right priorities in
                                                  number of deferred, conditional long-term
stakeholders.                                                                                     light of changing government policies and
                                                  share awards were made to selected
                                                                                                  commercial conditions.
It is the Committee’s view that these             members of the Group’s senior
changes have both strengthened the link           management, whose skills and contribution       Throughout the ongoing challenges of
between remuneration outcomes and                 are critical to the delivery of IAG’s long-     2021, the Group’s senior leadership
delivery of our strategy, and also aligned        term strategy.                                  demonstrated their ability to respond to
our remuneration framework with best                                                              changing priorities and deliver strong
                                                  As part of these awards, the IAG CEO
practice and the 2018 UK Corporate                                                                underlying improvements in the areas
                                                  received an RSP grant under the Executive
Governance Code. I would like to take this                                                        where outcomes remained within senior
                                                  Share Plan, consistent with the terms of
opportunity to thank shareholders for their                                                       leaders’ ability to influence.
                                                  the new Directors’ Remuneration Policy.
contribution towards, and support for,
                                                  This award will vest in 2024, contingent on     This effective management of significant
these changes in 2021.
                                                  the satisfaction of the performance             short-term challenges alongside the
Response to COVID-19 during 2021 and              underpin, following which a two-year            preparation of the business for the return
remuneration impacts                              holding period will apply.                      to flying, has set the foundations for
At the end of 2020, the decision was taken                                                        success in 2022 and the longer term.
                                                  Summary of 2021 outcomes and senior
to continue temporary salary and fee              leadership performance                          Variable pay outturns for the IAG
reductions into 2021 at a rate of 10 per                                                          CEO in 2021
                                                  The choice of performance measures for
cent for the IAG CEO and non-executive
                                                  the 2021 annual incentive plan reflected        Prior to Committee’s review of the 2021
directors. Prior to this, the IAG CEO and
                                                  the priorities for the Group during the         Annual Incentive Plan performance
non-executive directors had taken 20 per
                                                  uncertain and changing pandemic                 measures, the IAG CEO confirmed to the
cent salary and fee reductions from the
                                                  environment, namely, the need to protect        Board that he did not wish to be
beginning of April 2020. The ongoing
                                                  capital, continue to provide an exceptional     considered for a 2021 annual incentive
reduction in fixed pay maintained
                                                  customer experience and ensure the              award. In explaining his reasons for this,
alignment of interests with the Group’s
                                                  Group’s management delivered their              the IAG CEO has reflected on the
stakeholders.
                                                  functional objectives.                          experience of all the Group’s stakeholders
These lowered salary and fee levels were                                                          during 2021 due to the protracted nature
                                                  The significant volatility and overall
maintained for executives for the full year,                                                      of the pandemic and has sought to ensure
                                                  reduction in flying schedules, as well as the
extending beyond the UK Government’s                                                              his experience is aligned with theirs in a
                                                  unpredictability of passenger load factors
Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme, which                                                           genuinely meaningful way. His decision
                                                  experienced in 2021, made the
ceased at September 2021.                                                                         demonstrates both personal integrity and
                                                  implementation of a planned carbon
                                                                                                  a long-term commitment to the Group and
Awards made in 2021                               efficiency measure impractical. Senior
                                                                                                  its stakeholders. This request has been
Following the Board’s approval of the             managers continued to focus on the
                                                                                                  accepted by the Board, mindful of
decision to cancel the 2020 annual                delivery of the Group’s low-carbon
                                                                                                  considerations in relation to our key
incentive plan, no cash or share-based            transition pathway as part of individual
                                                                                                  stakeholders, who express their thanks to
                                                  and functional objectives.
                                                                                                  the IAG CEO for his enormous personal


                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        163
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


contribution and critical stewardship of the      and US has been faster than the UK with         this overarching principle, we embed our
Group in 2021.                                    the opportunity gap to US packages being        pay for performance approach, ensuring
                                                  a particular retention concern.                 both our short- and long-term incentive
This will therefore be the second year in
                                                                                                  plans only pay out if sustainable progress
succession that the IAG CEO will not              Since the start of the pandemic the Group
                                                                                                  and value is delivered to our shareholders.
receive an annual incentive award.                has lost a number of critical senior
                                                                                                  With the proposed amendment, our policy
                                                  individuals to competitors in other sectors.
Additionally, the 2019 PSP award reached                                                          will continue to contain the necessary
                                                  Also, over the past year, the Group’s own
the end of its three-year performance                                                             flexibility and discretion to adapt to
                                                  executive recruitment experience has
period in December 2021. As a result of the                                                       commercial and market circumstances, as
                                                  confirmed the rising market for executive
pandemic, all three measures (relative TSR,                                                       well as recoup incentives where any
                                                  pay, reducing the relative positioning of
EPS, and RoIC) fell short of the threshold                                                        performance is subsequently understood
                                                  the IAG CEO’s total compensation
level at which shares are paid out, resulting                                                     to be unfounded. In this way we drive the
                                                  compared to that of his executive team
in a zero vesting outturn for the IAG CEO.                                                        right culture and maintain alignment of
                                                  and increasing the compression in pay
Neither short- or long-term awards were                                                           interests between our senior management
                                                  levels within the executive team. These
therefore realised by the IAG CEO in                                                              and our shareholders, which is also
                                                  factors highlight the challenges we face in
respect of 2021.                                                                                  reinforced by our minimum shareholding
                                                  retaining our top talent essential to the
                                                                                                  requirements that continue to apply for
Implementation of the Policy in 2022              Group’s transformation, as well as the
                                                                                                  two years post-employment for executive
                                                  important role that fair and competitive
With positive signs of recovery now visible                                                       directors.
                                                  remuneration play in this.
in the external market and reductions to all
                                                                                                  Understanding and balancing the interests
directors’ salaries, pension contributions        We do not feel that it would be in IAG or
                                                                                                  of all stakeholders in executive pay
and fees having been in place continuously        our shareholders’ best interests to
                                                                                                  decisions ensures outcomes are objective,
for 20 months, it was agreed to reinstate         compromise our ability to retain the
                                                                                                  fair and proportionate. The simplification
full director fixed pay from January 1, 2022.     current IAG CEO. The current environment
                                                                                                  of our remuneration framework and the
It should be noted that this is the first point   amplifies the need for the IAG CEO’s skills,
                                                                                                  focus on long-term performance, supports
at which the full contractual CEO salary of       capabilities and deep aviation experience.
                                                                                                  the Group’s management to continue to
£820,000 per annum, approved for                  We therefore have the strong view that it
                                                                                                  deliver our strategy and sustainable
implementation at September 2020, has             is in IAG and our shareholders’ best
                                                                                                  shareholder returns.
been paid to the IAG CEO. For non-                interests to change the RSP opportunity
executive directors, full fees were restored      and place more emphasis in the CEO's            Looking ahead
from January 1, 2022.                             remuneration package on sustained               The Committee believes that the 2021
                                                  long-term performance.                          Policy, supported by the amendment to
With the return of more normalised flying
schedules and passenger volumes                   As part of its overall review of the IAG        the current IAG CEO RSP opportunity, will
expected in 2022, it was agreed to                CEO's package, the Committee has                better underpin delivery against multi-year
reintroduce a carbon efficiency annual            decided to defer the annual review of the       objectives and will further the alignment
incentive measure for 2022. The metric            IAG CEO's salary to the second half of          between our strategy and executive pay
used to assess this measure will be               2022 to better understand the Group's           decisions.
grammes of CO2 per passenger kilometre,           recovery from the pandemic. Whilst the          On behalf of the Committee, I would like to
an unchanged basis from 2020.                     proposed increase to the IAG CEO's RSP          thank shareholders for their engagement
                                                  opportunity will increase competitiveness       and support over the past year and
Our objective of continuing to build
                                                  of the overall remuneration package and is      request that this continues into 2022 as we
aligned interests between IAG senior
                                                  therefore a step in the right direction, the    seek to make an important change to the
leaders and the Group’s shareholders will
                                                  Committee is acutely aware of the               Policy this year.
be supported in 2022 by the second year
                                                  importance of ensuring that the salary
of RSP grants. However, to ensure the                                                             I hope that our Remuneration Report is
                                                  level is also competitive in the context of a
Group is able to offer the IAG CEO a fair                                                         clear in explaining how the new Policy has
                                                  dynamic talent market in the geographies
and proportionate long-term incentive                                                             been implemented in 2021 and that it
                                                  in which the Group operates and competes
opportunity, reflective of the complexity of                                                      receives your support at our 2022
                                                  for talent.
the Group, its strategy, and one that                                                             Shareholders’ Meeting.
adequately recognises ongoing external            Strategy and link to remuneration
                                                                                                  Approved by the Board and signed on its
challenges, a proposal to amend the IAG           IAG was formed to create a new,
                                                                                                  behalf by
CEO’s maximum annual RSP opportunity              disruptive industry model based around
will be presented at the 2022 Annual              consolidation, strategic flexibility and
Shareholder’s meeting. I have already             financial performance. Our role in the
engaged with a number of our largest              world is to connect people, businesses and
shareholders regarding this change and            countries. We do this and create value
the reasons for it. This resolution will          through a unique model that enables our         Alberto Terol
propose an increase in RSP opportunity            airlines to perform in the long-term            Remuneration Committee Chairman
from 100 per cent of salary to 150 per cent       interests of our customers, people,
of salary.                                        shareholders and society, knowing that
The Committee believes a change to a              success in each reinforces the others. We
more commensurate IAG CEO RSP                     hold ambition, teamwork, innovation,
opportunity is essential in light of the          pragmatism, efficiency and responsibility
growing opportunities for talent in the           as key values that enable us to fulfil our
external market. In the Committee’s view,         purpose. The flexibility in our framework
the CEO’s existing arrangements are               allows us to be agile and respond quickly
becoming increasingly uncompetitive               to changing operating environments.
compared to companies both inside and             The Committee’s main objective in the
outside of the aviation industry. The Group       implementation of the Directors’
competes for talent in a global market and        Remuneration Policy is to drive the
recent evidence suggests that the rate of         behaviours that support the delivery of our
executive pay growth in mainland Europe           strategy and business objectives. Through


164    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Alignment of IAG remuneration practices to
Provision 40 of the UK Corporate Governance Code

UK Corporate Governance Code –
Provision 40                     How we have achieved alignment

 Clarity                          Changes to the Policy in 2021 were designed to improve both simplicity and
                                  transparency. Revisions in the areas of pensions, minimum shareholding and
                                  long-term incentive either simplified existing structures, such as the replacement of
                                  PSP with RSP, or introduced straightforward rules for new items, such as the
                                  post-employment shareholding requirement. This has improved the ability of
                                  participants, employees and shareholders to understand executive pay
                                  arrangements. Additionally, the Company continues to make more remuneration
 Simplicity                       analysis and information available to both employees and shareholders, via both UK
                                  and Spanish disclosures.




 Risk                             Our corporate governance structure provides for a cross-over in board committee
                                  membership between the Remuneration Committee and the Audit and Compliance
                                  Committee. This ensures a joined-up view between emerging or crystalised risks and
                                  remuneration outcomes. The design of our policy also ensures independent control
                                  over remuneration outcomes, with all executive variable pay being awarded on a
                                  discretionary basis and subject to malus and clawback provisions.




 Predictability                   Our Policy identifies the maximum opportunity for each component of executive
                                  remuneration and also illustrates potential total remuneration outcomes in various
                                  performance scenarios. These disclosures provide transparency around overall
                                  opportunities.




 Proportionality                  Our executive remuneration performance measures, targets, underpins are
                                  transparently disclosed where awards are made, detailing the relationship between
                                  the performance achieved and the delivery of our long-term strategy and the
                                  creation of sustainable shareholder value. The transparency of this approach,
                                  alongside the independent nature of executive remuneration decisions, supports
                                  proportionate remuneration outcomes relative to company and individual
                                  performance measures, as well as the wider performance environment.




 Alignment to culture             The selection and balance of financial and non-financial measures for both short- and
                                  long-term incentives is designed to reinforce the values and behaviours that support
                                  the delivery of long-term sustainable returns to shareholders. In particular, the new
                                  RSP, and high overall proportion of deferred executive pay, enable a focus on
                                  transformation and long-term success.




                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      165
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED



Introduction                                  Directors’ Remuneration
The Remuneration Committee takes              Policy
responsibility for the preparation of the     Key elements of pay
Report of the Remuneration Committee,         Executive directors
which is approved by the Board.
                                              The Company’s remuneration approach is
The Company’s current policy on directors’    to provide total remuneration outcomes
remuneration was approved by                  that reflect the delivery of the business
shareholders at the Shareholders’ Meeting     strategy, are competitive, and take into
on June 17, 2021 following close              account each individual’s performance of
consultation with major shareholders.         their role in the Company’s work.
As a Spanish incorporated company, IAG        The Committee receives regular updates
is subject to Spanish corporate law. The      on pay and conditions of the Group’s
Spanish legal regime regarding directors’     employees and takes this into account
remuneration is substantially parallel to     when considering executive directors’
that of the UK as far as directors´           remuneration.
remuneration disclosure and approval
                                              The current Directors’ Remuneration
requirements are concerned.
                                              Policy
The Company welcomes the opportunity          The current Directors’ Remuneration Policy
provided by the Spanish CNMV allowing         was approved at the Shareholders’
companies to prepare free-format reports.     Meeting on June 17, 2021 and reflects
Therefore, for the fourth consecutive year,   recent regulatory and corporate
IAG is presenting a consolidated report       governance framework changes. We are
responding to Spanish and UK disclosure       proposing to make an amendment to the
requirements. This report will be             current Directors' Remuneration Policy in
accompanied by a duly completed form          respect of the restricted share award
which is required by the CNMV covering        opportunity for the IAG CEO, which will be
some relevant data. This is prepared in       put forward for shareholder approval at
accordance with Spanish legislation and is    the 2022 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
available on the Company’s and the            The policy (including the amendment) can
CNMV’s respective websites.                   be found later in this report.
It is the Company’s intention once again to   The Committee maintains an ongoing
comply voluntarily with all reporting         evaluation of the policy to ensure its
aspects of the UK legislation of 2018, The    components, opportunities and
Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting)           implementation outcomes continue to
Regulations (SI 2018/860) and The             achieve the Policy’s objectives.
Companies (Directors’ Remuneration
Policy and Directors’ Remuneration
Report) Regulations 2019, and to follow
best practice UK standards.
In addition to the Remuneration
Committee Chairman’s statement, this
Directors’ Remuneration Report contains
the Annual Report on Remuneration, which
covers the information on directors’
remuneration paid in the reported year.




166   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Service contracts and exit payments policy
Executive directors
The following is a description of the key terms of the service contracts of executive directors.
The contracts of executive directors are for an indefinite period.
There are no express provisions in executives’ service contracts with the Company for compensation payable upon termination of
those contracts, other than for payments in lieu of notice.
Executive director                                 Date of contract                               Notice period
Luis Gallego                                       September 8, 2020                              6 months - from/12 months - given

The period of notice required from the executive is six months; the period of notice required from the Company is 12 months. Where
the Company makes a payment in lieu of notice, a lump sum in lieu of the first six months’ base salary is payable within 28 days of the
date of termination of employment. A payment in respect of base salary for the second six-month period only becomes payable if, in
the Company’s opinion, the executive has taken reasonable steps to find alternative paid work and then only in six one-monthly
instalments. The Company may reduce the sum payable in respect of any month by any amount earned by the executive (including
salary and benefits) referable to work done in that month.
In the event of an executive’s redundancy, compensation, whether in respect of a statutory redundancy payment or a payment in lieu
of notice or damages for loss of office is capped at an amount equal to 12 months’ base salary. The Company will honour the
contractual entitlements of a terminated director; however, the Company may terminate an executive’s service contract with
immediate effect and without compensation on a number of grounds including where the executive is incapacitated for 130 days in any
12-month period, becomes bankrupt, fails to perform his or her duties to a reasonable standard, acts dishonestly, is guilty of misconduct
or persistent breach of his or her duties, brings the Company into disrepute, is convicted of a criminal offence, is disqualified as a
director, refuses to agree to the transfer of his or her service contract where there is a transfer of the business in which he or she is
working or ceases to be eligible to work in Spain or the UK (as applicable).
Under any of the Company’s share plans, save in respect of deferred annual incentive awards (which will normally vest in full following
cessation for any reason), if a director leaves, the Board, after considering the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, may
exercise its discretion (within the rules of the schemes) to grant Good Leaver status. This can be granted in certain circumstances
including for example (list not exhaustive) the director leaving for reasons of ill health, injury or disability, redundancy, retirement or
death. Executive directors leaving with good leaver status will receive a pro rata amount of their PSP shares subject to the company
performance conditions being met, and a pro rata amount of their RSP shares, subject to the underpin being met, in accordance with
the plan rules. The proration is normally calculated according to what proportion of the performance period the executive director
spent in company service. Normal vesting dates, holding periods, and post-cessation shareholding guidelines will normally continue to
apply, other than in a limited number of exceptional circumstances in accordance with plan rules and/or at the discretion of the Board.
If good leaver status is not granted to an executive director, all outstanding awards made to them will lapse.
Executive directors leaving with good leaver status are eligible to receive a pro rata annual incentive payment for the period of the year
actually worked, subject to the regular performance assessment and paid in the normal manner following year end.
In the event of an executive director’s termination from the Company, they must not be employed by, or provide services to, a
restricted business (i.e. an airline or travel business that competes with the Company) for a period of 12 months.
Non-executive directors
Non-executive directors (including the Chairman) do not have service contracts. Their appointment is subject to the Board regulations
and the Company’s Bylaws. They do not have the right to any compensation in the event of termination as directors. Board members
shall hold office for a period of one year. The dates of the current Chairman’s and non-executive directors’ appointments are as follows:
Non-executive director                             Date of the first appointment                                         Date of last re-election
Javier Ferrán                                      June 20, 2019                                                                 June 17, 2021
Alberto Terol                                      June 20, 2013                                                                 June 17, 2021
Giles Agutter                                      September 8, 2020                                                             June 17, 2021
Peggy Bruzelius1                                   December 31, 2020                                                             June 17, 2021
Eva Castillo1                                      December 31, 2020                                                             June 17, 2021
Margaret Ewing                                     June 20, 2019                                                                 June 17, 2021
Heather Ann McSharry1                              December 31, 2020                                                             June 17, 2021
Maurice Lam                                        June 17, 2021                                                                                -
Robin Phillips                                     September 8, 2020                                                             June 17, 2021
Emilio Saracho                                     June 16, 2016                                                                 June 17, 2021
Nicola Shaw                                        January 1, 2018                                                               June 17, 2021
1 Ratification of the appointment by co-option and re-election at June 17, 2021.




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      167
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED



Annual Remuneration Report
The Annual Remuneration Report sets out how the Directors’ Remuneration Policy (as approved by shareholders at the Shareholders’
Meeting on June 17, 2021) was and will be implemented in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
The Committee’s activities during the year
In 2021, the Committee met ten times and discussed, amongst others, the following matters:
Meeting               Agenda items discussed
January               2020 Directors’ Remuneration Report and Non-Financial Information Statements
                      Share ownership update: Review of executive holdings, share awards authority and dilution limits
                      Management Committee pay benchmarking review
                      Approval of remuneration for a new Management Committee member
                      Update on the Remuneration Policy proposal
February              Approval of 2020 Directors’ Remuneration Report
                      2021 Directors’ Remuneration Policy development update
                      Vesting outcome of the Performance Share Plan (PSP) 2018 award
                      Capital increase impact on in-flight long-term incentives
                      Approval of remuneration for new Management Committee members
March                 Approval of the 2021 Annual Incentive Plan
May                   2021 Directors’ Remuneration Policy – final proposal
                      2021 Annual Incentive Plan update
                      Executive Share Plan (ESP) proposal and associated rules
                      Authorisation for the allotment of shares for IAG share plans
June                  Approval of grants under ESP following shareholder approval
July                  Review of non-executive director fee taxation
September             2021 Annual Incentive Plan measures and performance update
October               Approval of remuneration for a new Management Committee member
November              2021 Annual Incentive Plan measures and performance update
                      Market update presented by external provider
                      2019 and 2020 PSP outturn forecast
December              IAG executive directors’ Remuneration Policy consultation
                      Approval of buy-out share awards to be granted under the ESP rules and delegation of authority




168     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Subject to audit
Single total figure of remuneration for the Executive Director
The table below sets out the single total figure of remuneration breakdown for the IAG CEO, who was the only executive director
during 2021. An explanation of how the figures are calculated follows the table.
                                                                                               Annual         Long-term
                               Salary        Benefits        Pension       Total Fixed        incentive        incentive       Total Variable      Total
Director (’000)             2021 2020      2021    2020    2021 2020       2021    2020      2021    2020     2021    2020      2021   2020     2021    2020
Luis Gallego (GBP)1,2,3,4    738    206     280      69      92      26    1,110     301        0         –      0         –       0        –   1,110      301
Luis Gallego (€)2,3,4        855    232     324      78     107      29   1,286     339         0         –      0         –       0        –   1,286      339
1 Remuneration is paid to the Executive Director in sterling and expressed in euro for information purposes only.
2 2020 values only reflect Luis Gallego’s period of service as an executive director from September 8, 2020 to December 31, 2020. The full IAG CEO single
  figure history is shown later in this report.
3 2020 and 2021 benefits totals include a fixed series of relocation payments to support Luis Gallego’s move to the UK in summer 2020. The majority of
  payments were made in 2020, with payments ceasing at February 2021.
4 Personal tax return benefit is included as a new taxable benefit in 2021. Also from 2021, the Executive Director is eligible for a transitionary allowance of
  £250,000 p.a. (gross), in view of the additional costs associated with living in the UK whilst personally maintaining a base in Madrid, given the
  Company’s significant presence in Spain. This is included in the 2021 benefits value and accounts for £250,000 of the overall value (further details in
  Taxable benefits section below).

Additional explanations in respect of the single total figure table for 2021
Only the current IAG CEO, Luis Gallego, served as an executive director in 2021. As the sole executive director, the IAG CEO has
confirmed in writing that he has not received any other items in the nature of remuneration other than those already disclosed in the
table above.
Base salary
The values shown represent the actual salary paid to the IAG CEO as an executive director for each performance year. For 2020, the
significantly reduced values reflect two considerations. Firstly, salary is only reported from appointment as an executive director on
September 8, 2020. Secondly, the salary value reflects that a COVID-related reduction of 20 per cent of base salary operated for all
directors during 2020. In contrast, for 2021, the IAG CEO served the full performance year as an executive director and the level of
COVID-related salary reduction was decreased from 20 per cent to 10 per cent. The IAG CEO’s contractual salary was £820,000 on
appointment.
Taxable benefits
Taxable benefits include the provision of a company car, a fuel allowance and private health insurances.
The Executive Director received payments relating to his relocation from Spain in 2020. These relocation payments terminated in
February 2021.
From January 2021 the Executive Director became eligible for a transitionary allowance to reflect that as a result of his role as IAG CEO
he and his family now live in the UK. This allowance provides a two-year fixed period of transitionary support and considers that the
IAG CEO continues to personally maintain a base in Madrid given the Company’s significant operations and business in Spain. The value
of the transitionary allowance is not included in the calculation of any pension, incentive or other benefit values. Payment of the
transitionary allowance will terminate in December 2022.
Pension-related benefits
Employer’s contribution to pension scheme and/or cash in lieu of pension contribution.
Annual incentive plan
The IAG CEO confirmed to the Board that he did not wish to be considered for a 2021 annual incentive award, waiving any 2021
incentive opportunity. The single total figure of remuneration therefore shows that no annual incentives have been awarded to the IAG
CEO either for 2020 or 2021.
Long-term incentive vesting
This relates to the IAG PSP 2019 award based on performance measured to December 31, 2021. The outcomes of the performance
conditions resulted in zero vesting for the IAG CEO and are described in detail later in this report.
Share price appreciation and depreciation
The amount of remuneration attributable to share price appreciation is zero, as there was zero vesting of the IAG PSP 2019 award.
The Committee has not exercised any discretion as a result of share price appreciation or depreciation for any of the remuneration in
the above table.
Life insurance
The Company provides life insurance and accidental death cover for all executive directors. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the
Company paid life insurance premium contributions of €13,464 (2020: €15,366).
Exchange rate for 2021
For the year to December 31, 2021, €:£ exchange rate applied is 1.1587 (2020: 1.1273).




                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 169
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Variable pay outcomes
2021 Annual Incentive Plan
The IAG Annual Incentive Plan supports the business strategy through incentivising the delivery of identified priorities within the
reporting period. The composition of measures selected reflect the most important priorities for Group for the year to deliver long-term
sustainable returns. For 2021, in view of the ongoing restrictions to flying, the identified priorities were to focus on protecting capital,
improving operating efficiencies, reducing costs, continuing to offer our customers an outstanding experience, whilst exploring and
taking advantage of the new opportunities that would present themselves with the return to flying. The planned reintroduction of a
carbon efficiency measure in 2021 was deferred until 2022, owing to the significantly reduced flying schedule and passenger volumes
expected during the reporting period.
The 2021 performance year was split into two halves, reflecting the highly uncertain and changing external environment and enabling
appropriate measures to be adopted for the anticipated change in commercial conditions expected with recovery.


   The 2021 Annual incentive plan structure for the IAG CEO was as follows:
   • Financial measures - (60%)
   • Customer – Net Promoter Score (20%)
   • Strategic and personal (20%)
   Strategic and personal objectives focussed on:


      Effectively navigating the pandemic: Responding to changing external factors and ensuring IAG is operational ready to
      take advantage of opportunities as market restrictions ease.
      Lead sustainable aviation: Driving IAG’s sustainability strategy and progressing towards ambitious carbon targets and
      building industry momentum towards a net zero world.
      Set strategy and plans to maximise long term value for IAG: Oversee business transformations at the operating
      companies to ensure IAG emerges more efficiently from the crisis, and further develop the capability, culture, diversity and
      talent to underpin Group strategy and transformation plans.



Under the policy, the IAG CEO has a maximum annual incentive opportunity of 200 per cent of contractual salary.
Decision by IAG CEO not to be considered for 2021 annual incentive
Prior to the Committee’s review of the full year 2021 Annual Incentive Plan measures, the IAG CEO advised the Board that he did not
wish to be considered for a 2021 Annual Incentive Plan award. This request reflected a desire to maintain a personal alignment of
interests with all the Group’s stakeholders, many of whom continued to be negatively impacted by the ongoing pandemic in 2021.
The Board has accepted the IAG’s CEO’s request and expresses its gratitude to him for his long-term commitment to the Group. The
Board also recognises that this is the second year for which no annual incentive or long-term incentive has been realised by the IAG
CEO. These being in addition to reductions to his fixed pay over the same performance period.
Irrespective of any decision regarding a financial outcome to the IAG CEO, the Board have evaluated the IAG CEO’s performance in
2021 as being ‘Exceptional’ in managing the pandemic, driving the transformation of the Group and in leading sustainable aviation. This
performance assessment is set against the context of an extremely uncertain and challenging external environment.




170   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
IAG PSP award 2019
The IAG PSP award granted on March 8, 2019 was tested at the end of the performance period which began on January 1, 2019 and
ended on December 31, 2021. The award for the current IAG CEO, who was not an executive director of the Group at the time of grant,
was equivalent to 150 per cent of salary at the time of the award.
One third of the award was subject to a TSR performance condition measured against the TSR performance of the MSCI European
Transportation (large and mid-cap) index, one third subject to achievement of the Company’s adjusted EPS targets (diluted EPS,
adjusted for exceptional items), and one third subject to RoIC. The definition of RoIC used remains consistent with the methodology
described in the Company’s 2017 Annual Report and Accounts. The vesting of any award was subject to the Board being satisfied that
the Group’s underlying financial performance was satisfactory in the circumstances prevailing over the three-year performance period.
The outcomes of the performance conditions were as follows:
                                                                                                                     Vesting (as per
                                                                                                                     cent award
Measure                                      Threshold          Target            Maximum          Outcome           granted in 2019)
TSR performance compared to the TSR          IAG’s TSR          IAG’s TSR         IAG’s TSR          TSR achieved:    0 per cent
performance of the MSCI European             performance        performance       performance        -56.75 per cent
Transportation Index (large and mid-cap)     equal to the       between index     exceeds index      Underperformed
over the full three-year performance         index (25 per      return and        by 8 per cent p.a. the index by per
period (one-third weighting)                 cent vests)        8 per cent p.a.   (100 per cent      cent 131.44 per
                                                                outperformance    vests)             cent
                                                                (straight line
                                                                vesting between
                                                                threshold
                                                                and maximum)
Adjusted EPS. Measure is adjusted EPS in 2021 EPS of 150        2021 EPS        2021 EPS of 190    -59.1 €cents      0 per cent
final year of the performance period, i.e. €cents (10 per       between 150     €cents (100 per    per share
2021 EPS (one-third weighting)             cent vests)          €cents and      cent vests)
                                                                190 €cents
                                                                (straight line
                                                                vesting between
                                                                threshold
                                                                and maximum)
RoIC. Measure is RoIC in final year of the   2021 RoIC of 14    2021 RoIC       2021 RoIC of 16   -16.4 per cent     0 per cent
performance period, i.e. 2021 RoIC           per cent (10 per   between 14 per  per cent (100 per
(one-third weighting)                        cent vests)        cent and 16 per cent vests)
                                                                cent (straight
                                                                line
                                                                vesting between
                                                                threshold
                                                                and maximum
Details of any discretion exercised          No discretion exercised by the Remuneration Committee/Board
Overall outcome for executive director                                                                               0 per cent
(IAG CEO)

No value was realised by the IAG CEO following the nil vesting of the 2019 PSP award.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       171
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED



IAG PSP award 2018 (vested at December 31, 2020)
The outcome of the previous year’s PSP vesting outcome (2018 PSP) is included for reference. This award was granted on May 10, 2018
and was tested at the end of the performance period which began on January 1, 2018 and ended on December 31, 2020. The plan
participants who were serving executive directors during the year of vesting (2020), were Willie Walsh, who was Chief Executive
Officer of IAG at the time of award and received a grant equivalent to 200 per cent of salary and Enrique Dupuy de Lôme, who was
Chief Financial Officer of IAG at the time of the award and received a grant equivalent to 150 per cent of salary. Luis Gallego and
Steve Gunning, who were not executive directors at the time of the award in 2018, received awards of 150 per cent and 120 per cent of
salary respectively.
One third of the award was subject to a TSR performance condition measured against the TSR performance of the MSCI European
Transportation (large and mid-cap) index, one third subject to achievement of the Company’s adjusted EPS targets (diluted EPS,
adjusted for exceptional items), and one third subject to RoIC. The definition of RoIC used was the methodology as described in the
Company’s 2017 Annual Report and Accounts. The vesting of any award was subject to the Board being satisfied that the Group’s
underlying financial performance was satisfactory in the circumstances prevailing over the three-year period.
The outcomes of the performance conditions were as follows:
                                                                                                                         Vesting (as per
                                                                                                                         cent award
Measure                                     Threshold           Target             Maximum            Outcome            granted in 2018)
TSR performance compared to the TSR         IAG’s TSR          IAG’s TSR           IAG’s TSR        Underperformed 0 per cent
performance of the MSCI European            performance        performance         performance      the index by 20.7
Transportation Index (large and mid-cap)    equal to the index between index       exceeds index by per cent
over the full three-year performance        (25 per cent       return and          8 per cent p.a.
period (one-third weighting)                vests)             8 per cent p.a.     (100 per cent
                                                               outperformance      vests)
                                                               (straight-line
                                                               vesting between
                                                               threshold
                                                               and maximum)
Adjusted earnings per share (EPS)         2020 EPS of 130 2020 EPS        2020 EPS of 170 -122.6 €cents                  0 per cent
measured in final year of the performance €cents (10 per  between 130     €cents (100 per
period (one-third weighting)              cent vests)     €cents and      cent vests)
                                                          170 €cents
                                                          (straight-line
                                                          vesting between
                                                          threshold
                                                          and maximum)
Return on Invested Capital (RoIC)         2020 RoIC of 13       2020 RoIC           2020 RoIC of 16 -22.4 per cent       0 per cent
measured in final year of the performance per cent (10 per      between 12 per      per cent (100 per
period (one-third weighting)              cent vests)           cent and 16 per     cent vests)
                                                                cent (straight-line
                                                                vesting between
                                                                threshold
                                                                and maximum)
Details of any discretion exercised         No discretion exercised by the Remuneration Committee/Board
Overall outcome for executive directors                                                                                  0 per cent

No value was realised by any executive director following the nil vesting of the 2018 PSP award.
Subject to audit
Scheme interests awarded during the financial year
2021 Restricted Share Plan (RSP)
During 2021, the Group revised its approach to long-term incentives, replacing the existing Performance Share Plan (PSP) with a
Restricted Share Plan under the new Executive Share Plan, approved by shareholders in June 2021.
The RSP was introduced to increase the alignment of both interests and outcomes between the Group’s senior management and
shareholders through the build-up and maintenance of senior management shareholdings and an increased focus on the long-term,
sustainable performance of the Company. The simplified structure and transparency of the RSP in comparison to the Performance
Share Plan, also provided a better basis to attract and retain senior management talent.
A three-year vesting period and further two-year holding period applies to RSP awards for executive directors, with vesting being
dependent upon a satisfactory review of the discretionary underpin by the Remuneration Committee. This assessment focuses on the
Company’s overall performance during the vesting period, including financial and non-financial performance measures, as well as any
material risk or regulatory failures identified and ensures any value delivered to executive directors is fair and appropriate in the context
of business performance and shareholder experience. Malus and clawback provisions apply to RSP awards enabling the reduction of
awards so far as nil value to further ensure that corporate or individual failure is not rewarded under the plan.
For 2021, the face value of the IAG CEO’s award was reduced from 200 per cent of salary to 100 per cent of salary in association with
the change from a PSP to an RSP opportunity.




172    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Details of 2021 RSP executive director award
Type of award                               Company shares
Basis of determination of the size of award Awards only made to consistently high-performing executives within key roles who have
                                            the potential to take on greater organisational responsibility and whom the Company
                                            wishes to retain for the long term.
Executive director award face value         IAG CEO (Luis Gallego) – 100 per cent
(per cent of base salary)
Date of Grant                               June 23, 2021
Grant price                                 £1.97
Vesting period                              Three years: June 23, 2021 to June 22, 2024
Holding period                              Two years: June 23, 2024 to June 22, 2026
Discretionary underpin description          No performance measures are associated with the awards. Vesting will be contingent on
                                            the satisfaction of a discretionary underpin, assessed three years after grant. In assessing
                                            the underpin, the Committee will consider the Company’s overall performance, including
                                            financial and non-financial performance measures over the course of the vesting period, as
                                            well as any material risk or regulatory failures identified. Financial performance may
                                            include elements such as revenue, profitability, cash generation, return on capital and
                                            benchmarked with comparable airlines. Non-financial performance may include a range of
                                            operational and strategic measures critical to the Company’s long-term sustainable
                                            success. This assessment will ensure any value delivered to executive directors is fair and
                                            appropriate in the context of the performance of the business and experience of our
                                            stakeholders and that corporate or individual failure is not rewarded. In the case of
                                            significant failure on the part of the Company or the individual, vesting may be reduced,
                                            including to nil. Full disclosure of the Remuneration Committee’s considerations in
                                            assessing the underpin will be disclosed in the relevant Directors’ Remuneration Report at
                                            the point of vesting.

Total pension entitlements
Luis Gallego is not a member of the Company’s pension scheme and the Company, therefore, did not pay any contributions in his time
as an executive director during the reporting period (January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021). He received cash in lieu of contributions of
£92,251. This value is equivalent to 12.5% of base salary paid during the performance period and is comparable to the rate for the
majority of the UK workforce.
Payments for loss of office
Antonio Vázquez, who stood down from the Board on January 7, 2021, has received the following payments during 2021: a Chairman’s
fee for the part month only of €11,288, taxable benefits of €6,848, and a lump sum retirement benefit relating to his historical Iberia
service contract, valued at €2,800,000 plus accrued interest, administered via an external insurance provider, The information
regarding his retirement benefit was fully disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts.
No other loss of office payments were made to current or past directors during 2021.
Payments to past directors
Patrick Cescau received travel benefits worth €10,249 during 2021.
Maria Fernanda Mejia received travel benefits worth €13,451 during 2021.
Deborah Kerr received travel benefits worth €2,392 during 2021.
Baroness Kingsmill received travel benefits worth €6,113 during 2021.
James Lawrence received travel benefits worth €2,337 during 2021.
Keiran Poynter received travel benefits worth €604 during 2021.
Dame Marjorie Scardino received travel benefits worth €7,436 during 2021.
Willie Walsh received travel benefits worth £159 during 2021.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      173
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Subject to audit
Statement of directors’ shareholding and share interests
In order that their interests are aligned with those of shareholders, executive directors are required to build up and maintain a minimum
personal shareholding in the Company.
Under the Group’s shareholding guidelines, the IAG CEO is required to build up and maintain a shareholding of 350 per cent of salary
and other executive directors are required to build up and maintain a shareholding of 200 per cent of basic salary.
In addition, executive directors are required to retain all shares received via incentive plans until 100 per cent of their shareholding
requirement is attained.
The Committee has reviewed the IAG CEO’s progress against the requirement and notes that he is compliant with the policy
requirement.
Shares which qualify towards the policy include shares already held by the executive, vested and exercised shares, vested and
unexercised shares including those in the performance share plan holding period, vested shares in the restricted share plan holding
period and unvested deferred annual incentive shares.
The table below summarises current executive directors’ interests as of December 31, 2021:
                                                                Shares already
                                                               vested, or in the    Shares already Vested shares      Unvested shares
                                                                holding period,        vested from          from        from deferred                 Total
Executive                  Shareholding          Shares     from performance       deferred annual     restricted     annual incentive           qualifying
director                    requirement          owned              share plans     incentive plans   share plan                 plans          shares held1
Luis Gallego             350 per cent         403,834                 513,747            169,545                0              82,731           1,169,856
                             of salary                                                                                                      (491 per cent
                                                                                                                                               of salary)
1 In accordance with the Policy, the share price used to calculate the percentage of salary guideline is either the share price on the date of award or on
  the date of vesting/exercise.

On departure, executive directors will be required to hold the number of shares in line with their in-employment shareholding
requirement (or the number of shares that they own at departure if lower) for two years from their date of termination from the Group.
Shares will normally be retained in the nominee account administered by the Company to ensure this.
External non-executive directorship
The Company’s consent is required before an executive director can accept an external non-executive appointment and permission is
only given in appropriate circumstances. The current executive director has no external non-executive appointments.
Non-executive directors
Non-executive directors are paid a flat fee each year, as per the following table. The fees in the table are the contractual rates and do
not reflect the pandemic-related reductions that were applied to non-executive director fees in 2020 and 2021.
Role                                                                                                                                                    Fee
Non-executive Chairman                                                                                                                          €645,000
Non-executive directors                                                                                                                          €120,000
Additional fee for holding a Committee chairmanship                                                                                              €20,000
Additional fee for Senior Independent Director                                                                                                   €30,000




174    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Single total figure of remuneration for each non-executive director
The fees shown in the following table reflect that all non-executive directors agreed to a reduction in all types of fees received in order to
preserve cash and maintain the Group’s competitive positioning during the pandemic. Between April 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, a 20
per cent reduction applied to all fee types. Thereafter in 2021, the reduction was decreased to 10 per cent and applied for the full year.
                                                                                         Total for year                                     Total for year
                                                                          2021 taxable   to December                       2020 taxable     to December
Director (€'000)                                            2021 fees         benefits         31, 2021       2020 fees        benefits          31, 2020
Antonio Vázquez1,2                                                  11               7               18            548                 0             548
Javier Ferrán3                                                   573                 4             577              107                4               111
Alberto Terol                                                     153                9             162              128               10              138
Giles Agutter                                                     108                4              112              30                0              30
Marc Bolland6                                                        -               -                -              84                3               87
Peggy Bruzelius4                                                  108                0             108                 -                -                -
Eva Castillo4                                                     108                0             108                 -                -                -
Margaret Ewing                                                    126                0             126              107                4               111
Deborah Kerr6                                                        -               -                -             107                 -             107
Maurice Lam5                                                       58                2              60                 -                -                -
Heather Ann McSharry4                                             108                0             108                 -                -                -
Maria Fernanda Mejía6                                                -               -                -             102               15               117
Robin Phillips                                                    108                0             108               30                0              30
Kieran Poynter6                                                      -               -                -              84                2               86
Emilio Saracho                                                    108                7              115             102                6              108
Nicola Shaw                                                       123                0             123              102                 1             103
Total (€’000)                                                  1,692               34            1,725            1,531              45             1,576
1 Antonio Vázquez retired from the Board on January 7, 2021, receiving a Chairman’s fee for that part month only.
2 Antonio Vázquez’s lump sum retirement benefit relating to his historical Iberia service contract, valued at €2,800,000 and accrued interest, and
  administered via an external insurance provider, was delivered to him at point of retirement, as fully disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report and Accounts.
3 Javier Ferrán was appointed Chairman on Antonio Vázquez’s retirement on January 7, 2021 and his January 2021 fees reflect a blend of non-executive
  director and chair fees.
4 Peggy Bruzelius, Eva Castillo Sanz and Heather Ann McSharry joined the Board on December 31, 2020, but received no remuneration for 2020.
5 Maurice Lam joined the Board on June 17, 2021 and his fees and taxable benefits reflect a part year of service.
6 Marc Bolland, Deborah Kerr, Maria Fernanda Mejía and Kieran Poynter all stepped down from the Board during 2020 and received no fees in 2021.

Additional explanations in respect of the single total figure table for each non-executive director
Each non-executive director has confirmed in writing that they have not received any other items in the nature of remuneration other
than those already disclosed in the table above.
Taxable benefits
Taxable benefits for non-executive directors relate to personal travel benefits.
Exchange rates
For the year to December 31, 2021, €:£ exchange rate applied is 1.1587 (2020: 1.1273).
Directors’ interests in shares
                                                                                                                           Total shares     Percentage of
                                                                                                                       and voting rights           capital
Javier Ferrán                                                                                                                  774,750              0.016
Luis Gallego                                                                                                                   829,544              0.017
Alberto Terol                                                                                                                   102,341            0.002
Giles Agutter                                                                                                                       625            0.000
Peggy Bruzelius                                                                                                                        0           0.000
Eva Castillo                                                                                                                           0           0.000
Margaret Ewing                                                                                                                   18,750            0.000
Maurice Lam                                                                                                                            0           0.000
Heather Ann McSharry                                                                                                            55,000              0.001
Robin Phillips                                                                                                                         0           0.000
Emilio Saracho                                                                                                                         0           0.000
Nicola Shaw                                                                                                                       4,285            0.000
Total                                                                                                                        1,785,295             0.036
There have been no changes to the shareholdings set out above between December 31, 2021 and the date of this report.
Share scheme dilution limits
The Investment Association sets guidelines that restrict the issue of new shares under all the Company’s share schemes in any ten-year
period to 10 per cent of the issued ordinary share capital and restrict the issues under the Company’s discretionary schemes to 5 per
cent in any ten-year period. At the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 17, 2021 the Company was given authority to allocate up to
100,000,000 shares (2.01 per cent of the share capital at that time) under the Executive Share Plan in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024
financial years. Of this a maximum of 5,000,000 shares could be allocated to executive directors under the Executive Share Plan for
awards made during 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 financial years. Should some or all of these above-mentioned shares not be allocated
to the executive directors, they may be allocated to the remaining participants in the Executive Share Plan.


                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               175
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


IAG’s total shareholder return (TSR) performance compared to the FTSE 100
The chart shows the value by December 31, 2021 of a hypothetical £100 invested in IAG shares on listing compared with the value of
£100 invested in the FTSE 100 index over the same period. The other points plotted are the values at intervening financial year-ends. A
spot share price has been taken on the date of listing, and a three-month average has been taken prior to the year ends.
The FTSE 100 was selected because it is a broad equity index of which the Company is a constituent, and the index is widely
recognised.



600

500

400

300

200

100
0
    Jan 2012        Dec 2012      Dec 2013      Dec 2014      Dec 2015       Dec 2016     Dec 2017     Dec 2018     Dec 2019      Dec 2020    Dec 2021
      IAG       FTSE 100




IAG CEO remuneration history
The table below shows the IAG CEO single total figure of remuneration for the latest ten-year rolling period:
                               IAG CEO – total single figure of            Annual incentive payment as a   Long-term incentive vesting as a percentage of
                                                 remuneration                percentage of the maximum                                      the maximum
2012                                              £1,083,000             No annual incentive payment              Zero vesting of long–term incentives
2013                                              £4,971,000              78.75 per cent of maximum                            100 per cent of maximum
2014                                             £6,390,000               97.78 per cent of maximum                            85 per cent of maximum
2015                                             £6,455,000                  80 per cent of maximum                            100 per cent of maximum
2016                                             £2,462,000               33.33 per cent of maximum                            50 per cent of maximum
2017                                             £3,954,000               92.92 per cent of maximum                       66.67 per cent of maximum
2018                                             £3,030,000                61.85 per cent of maximum                       46.19 per cent of maximum
2019                                              £3,198,000               51.97 per cent of maximum                        72.11 per cent of maximum
2020         Willie Walsh                          £662,000              No annual incentive payment              Zero vesting of long–term incentives
             Luis Gallego                           £301,000             No annual incentive payment              Zero vesting of long–term incentives
2021                                               £1,110,000            No annual incentive payment              Zero vesting of long–term incentives

Single total figure of remuneration includes basic salary, taxable benefits, pension-related benefits, annual incentive award and long-
term incentive vesting, and in 2020 and 2021 reflects agreed reductions to salary and pension benefits in light of the pandemic.
Percentage change in remuneration of the IAG CEO compared to employees
The table below compares the remuneration outcomes of the IAG CEO against the UK workforce in 2021. The ‘all UK employees’
comparator group remains unchanged from that used for 2020 on the continued rationale that using the largest comparator group
provides the most representative and meaningful comparison for the UK workforce.
Over 90 per cent of UK employees reported are employed by British Airways, with the majority of the remainder employed by either
employees of other airlines currently working in the UK, IAG Head Office, the Group’s specialist procurement function GBS, IAG Tech,
IAG Loyalty or IAG Cargo. The comparison therefore provides a full cross-section of roles, job functions and seniority levels in the UK.
The use of the UK population also keeps a broad alignment with the population captured for the IAG CEO pay ratio, providing a more
consistent population basis for all senior executive and workforce pay comparisons.
For specific comparisons, such as the award of salary increases, a ‘same store’ employee population is used focusing only on
employees who were present in both 2020 and 2021, to give a more representative comparison against the salary increase eligible
population.
                      IAG CEO                                                    UK employees
2021 basic       Reductions to the IAG CEO’s salary and pension                  In 2021, due to the focus on preserving cash, salary increases were
salary increases benefits operated from his appointment in                       only approved on an exceptional basis, such as in promotion
                 September 2020, through to December 2021.                       situations. Of the circa 24,000 employees present in both 2020
                                                                                 and 2021, less than 5 per cent (circa 1,200 employees) received
                      The IAG CEO was not awarded a salary increase
                                                                                 contractual salary increases in 2021. For employees receiving
                      in 2021.
                                                                                 increases, the median salary increase awarded was 6.15 per cent
                                                                                 of contractual basic salary. The value of salary and fixed pay
                                                                                 actually received by UK employees was primarily driven by the
                                                                                 COVID response measures and resource requirements for the role
                                                                                 the employee performed.




176         INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
                    IAG CEO                                                  UK employees
2021 annual         The cancellation of 2020 Annual Incentive plan  The impact of the pandemic in 2020 and need to preserve cash
Incentive           by the Committee and the IAG CEO’s request      had the impact of either cancelling the operation of incentive
awards              not to be considered for an award under the     plans (such as the IAG Annual Incentive Plan, for which most UK
                    2021 Annual Incentive Plan means he received no managers are eligible) or significantly reducing the value of any
                    annual incentive award for 2020 or 2021.        incentives distributed.
                                                                             For 2021, incentive plans were in place against objectives
                                                                             designed to focus on protecting cash, supporting customers and
                                                                             ensuring IAG navigates the pandemic and is positioned to take
                                                                             advantage of opportunities as market restrictions ease. Outturns
                                                                             and payments against these plans were managed at a local level.
Taxable             Following his international relocation in 2020,          The value and level of taxable benefit offered to employees
benefits            from 2021 the IAG CEO began to receive a tax             remained unchanged in 2021.
                    advisory support benefit, the value for which is
                    expected to be £7,000 for 2021. He also
                    received £8,000 in relocation benefits in 2021 in
                    relation to his relocation to the UK in H2 2020.
                    In 2021, the IAG CEO became eligible for a
                    two-year, fixed-term £250,000 per annum
                    transitionary allowance, enabling him to
                    personally maintain a base in Madrid given the
                    Company’s significant operations and business
                    in Spain.

Change in directors’ remuneration compared to employees
The table below shows a comparison of the change in year-on-year remuneration for directors of the Group, against the equivalent
change for UK employees from 2019 to 2021.
                                                    2020 to 2021                                                    2019 to 2020
                                  Salary or fees   Taxable benefits    Annual incentive
                                  value change        value change        value change            Salary or fees Taxable benefits  Annual incentive
                                  from 2020 to        from 2020 to       from 2020 to        value change from value change from value change from
Director (€'000)                          20215               2021                2021            2019 to 2020      2019 to 2020      2019 to 2020
Luis Gallego1                            269%                  315%                  0%                        –                   –                   –
Antonio Vázquez2                         (98%)                100%                                        (15%)             (100%)
Javier Ferrán3                           436%                   0%                                         67%                100%
Alberto Terol                              20%                (10%)                                        (6%)               (62%)
Giles Agutter1                           260%                 100%                                             –                   –
Peggy Bruzelius4                               –                   –                                           –                   –
Eva Castillo4                                  –                   –                                           –                   –
Margaret Ewing                              18%             (100%)                                         67%                300%
Maurice Lam                                    –                   –                                           –                   –
Heather Ann McSharry4                          –                   –                                           –                   –
Robin Phillips1                          260%                   0%                                             –                   –
Emilio Saracho                              6%                  17%                                       (15%)               (67%)
Nicola Shaw                                 21%             (100%)                                        (15%)              (94%)
All UK employees6,7                        39%                  0%                 131%                    (11%)                   –                   –
1 The comparison of 2020 vs 2021 remuneration for Luis Gallego, Giles Agutter and Robin Phillips reflects a part year of director service and remuneration
  in 2020 versus a full year of director service and remuneration in 2021.
2 Antonio Vázquez retired from the Board at January 7, 202I and his remuneration comparison compares a full year of chairman service in 2020, versus a
  part month in 2021.
3 The uplift in fees for Javier Ferrán between 2020 and 2021 reflects his role as a non-executive director in 2020 and his assumption of the Chairman role
  at January 7, 2021, for the rest of the reporting period.
4 Eva Castillo, Heather Ann McSharry, and Peggy Bruzelius were appointed as directors on December 31, 2020, but received no remuneration for 2020.
5 The comparison of fees for all directors in respect of 2020 and 2021, reflects a 20 per cent COVID-related reduction operated between April 1, 2020 and
  December 1, 2020 and a 10 per cent reduction operated for the full year in 2021.
6 The All UK Employee 2020 and 2021 salary medians underlying the 39% uplift in median salary are taken from UK employee earnings published in the
  2021 CEO pay ratio section and reflect the inclusion of company top-up and statutory furlough payments as part of reported employee salaries in 2021,
  that were not included in 2020.
7 The reported change in the median value of All UK employee annual incentives from 2020 to 2021 (131%) reflects the distribution of considerably
  reduced award values in both years.




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021              177
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Relative importance of spend on pay
The table below shows, for 2021 and 2020, total remuneration costs, adjusted operating profit/(loss) and dividends for the Company.
                                                                                               2021                                             2020
Total employee costs, IAG1                                                      € 3,031,000,000                                  € 3,247,000,000
Total remuneration, directors (including
non-executive directors)                                                               €3,011,000                                     € 3,339,000
IAG operating profit/(loss), excluding
exceptional items                                                             € (2,970,000,000)                                  € (4,365,000,000)
Dividend declared                                                                                  –                                                –
Dividend proposed                                                                                  –                                                –
1 Total employee costs are before exceptional items and include furlough grants received.

CEO Pay Ratio
The following table sets out IAG’s CEO pay ratio figures in respect of 2021, 2020 and 2019.

                                         CEO single figure                            25th percentile pay                         75th percentile pay
Year                                             (£‘000)                 Method                      ratio    Median pay ratio                   ratio
2021                                                 1,110             Option A                        29:1               21:1                   14:1
2020                                                  963              Option A                        34:1               23:1                    15:1
2019                                                 3,198             Option A                     109:1                 72:1                   49:1

The pay ratio figures in the above table are calculated using the following UK employee remuneration information:

                                                                                      25th percentile pay                         75th percentile pay
Year                   UK employee pay                                                               ratio    Median pay ratio                   ratio
                       Basic salary (£‘000)                                                         26.9                 39.7                   60.6
2021                   Total remuneration (£‘000)                                                   38.6                 53.4                   80.7
                       Basic salary (£‘000)                                                            17.2              28.6                   45.2
2020                   Total remuneration (£‘000)                                                   28.4                 42.8                   63.9
                       Basic salary (£‘000)                                                            20.1              32.3                   46.5
2019                   Total remuneration (£‘000)                                                   29.4                 44.2                   64.7

The ratio continues to be calculated on the most statistically accurate basis, Option A. UK employee pay is based on the payroll records
of 29,774 employees who were in the Group for the whole of or some of 2021. To provide a fair and representative view to all
remuneration received by UK employees, the 2021 basic salary and total remuneration figures include statutory and company top-up
furlough payments. The 2020 UK employee remuneration figures excluded all types of furlough payment and were representative of
earnings for time worked, but were not representative of the full level of pay received by employees and their actual remuneration
experience. With the UK furlough scheme having ended in September 2021, this consideration should not be relevant for future years
reporting.
To ensure the accuracy of these calculations, earnings data was collected directly from the UK payroll on a month-by-month basis. Any
variable incentive elements in respect of 2021, payable to employees later in 2022, are modelled on an employee-by-employee basis
against agreed frameworks. This approach enables fair and accurate comparison to the IAG CEO 2021 single total figure of
remuneration.
The continued low ratio for 2021 shows the impact of the ongoing pandemic to the IAG CEO’s pay. The increases in remuneration for
both the IAG CEO and UK employees in 2021, maintain the ratio in a broad equilibrium, with the ratio reducing slightly by two points
from 2020.
The increase in the UK employee remuneration in 2021 reflects:
• The rise in employee pay resulting from the reporting of all amounts paid to employees in 2021 (in 2020, UK Government furlough
  and company top-up amounts were not reported as part of employee earnings)
• Any payments made to managers under the 2021 annual incentive plan
• Changes to the size and composition of the UK workforce between years, with pay for 37,081 employees being reported for 2020
  and 29,744 for 2021
The change in IAG CEO remuneration between 2020 and 2021, is due to balance of changing factors as follows:
• The higher proportion of contractual salary and pension contributions received by the IAG CEO in 2021 vs 2020.
• The increase in the value of the IAG CEO’s taxable benefits resulting from his eligibility to a transitionary allowance in 2021.
• No short- or long-term incentives being received by the IAG CEO in 2021.
The ratio reported for the second year of the pandemic is the lowest the Group has reported since disclosure of this metric
commenced. The reduction in the ratio from 2019 demonstrates the continuing impact of the pandemic and is an accurate reflection of
the contraction in IAG CEO pay, with current IAG CEO remuneration being around 35 per cent of 2019 levels. The fall in the ratio at all
quartiles from 2019 and 2020 demonstrates that the implementation of the Policy in 2021 has not favoured the IAG CEO at the expense
of the wider workforce.
The Committee is aware that the current ratio, whilst temporary, is an outlier amongst similar profile organisations. As the Group
continues its recovery from the pandemic and IAG CEO variable incentives again begin to be payable against the generation of
sustainable shareholder value, it is expected that the Group’s CEO pay ratio will increase to a more representative, pre-pandemic range.




178    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Implementation of Remuneration Policy for 2022
At the outset of 2022, the Directors’ Remuneration Policy continues to apply only to the IAG CEO, who is currently the only IAG
executive director.
With the Group emerging from the pandemic at end of 2021, and the CEO having voluntarily given up over £150,000 in salary and
pension allowances since assuming the IAG CEO role at September 2020, it was agreed to cease the IAG CEO salary reduction from
January 1, 2022. This restoration increased the IAG CEO salary to its full contractual rate of £820,000 per annum and also implemented
the full value of salary-linked pension benefits. This marked the first point at which the IAG CEO received full contractual pay since
appointment, demonstrating the significant length of time pay reductions had been in place.
The review of executive director base salaries normally occurs in January each year. For 2022, the Committee has decided to defer the
review of the IAG CEO’s salary until the second half of the year. This postponement will enable the Committee to better understand the
Group’s recovery from the pandemic and make an informed decision in relation to the IAG CEO’s base salary level.
Executive director                                                   Basic salary review
IAG CEO                                                              £820,000 (€950,134) (no increase from 2021)

2022 annual incentive plan
For 2022, with the anticipated return of more normalised flight and passenger volumes, we will reinstate an IAG-specific carbon
efficiency measure, to further drive progress towards our Flightpath Net Zero 2050 commitment. This will measure the fuel efficiency of
our flight operations, taking account of our network, aircraft mix and passenger load factors. The specific metric will be grammes of CO2
per passenger kilometre and will have a weighting of 10 per cent of overall incentive.
In addition to the carbon-efficiency measure, the existing 2021 measure types; financial, customer and strategic and personal will be
carried forward into 2022 and weighted in alignment with the Policy with financial measures accounting for no less than 60 per cent of
overall incentive opportunity.
2022 long-term incentive plan
Following the approval of the Executive Share Plan in June 2021, the Group ceased making awards under the Performance Share Plan
(PSP) and granted the first schedule of Restricted Share Plan (RSP) to eligible senior leaders. In replacing the PSP with an RSP, a
maximum RSP opportunity of 100 per cent of salary was determined for the IAG CEO and was approved in the Policy.
Since the implementation of the Policy in 2021, the Committee has reflected at length on the appropriateness of the IAG CEO RSP
opportunity and the extent to which the current opportunity level will be effective in supporting the delivery of the business strategy.
The current opportunity level was set at a modest level relative to the size and complexity of the Group's operations. Since approval, the
Committee has undertaken a review of the CEO's remuneration arrangements, in light of the concerns around the competitiveness of
the CEO's package, the wish to place more emphasis on sustained long-term alignment, and the need to retain a CEO of outstanding
quality at this critical time.
A number of shareholders have been consulted for their views and a resolution will be submitted to the 2022 Annual Shareholders’
Meeting to amend the current Policy. This change will reflect an increase in the IAG CEO’s maximum RSP opportunity from 100 per cent
of salary to 150 per cent of salary.
The proposed RSP opportunity reflects the Committee’s careful consideration, taking into account:
• Long-term award opportunities both externally at other relevant businesses and internally within our senior management team
• The cumulative impact that this higher opportunity could have on the CEO’s long-term interest in IAG and the associated benefits of
  that, and
• The wish to place more emphasis in the CEO’s remuneration package on sustained long-term alignment at a challenging time for the
  business when the CEO provides critical stability
Amending the Policy in this area builds long-term alignment of interests with shareholders and affords the Committee greater flexibility
in determining the value of any RSP awards, relative to all factors, in 2022 and the future.
2022 long-term incentives and wider senior leadership
The eligibility criteria for 2022 RSP awards remained unchanged from 2021, with grants for senior leaders continuing to be made only to
consistently high-performing individuals, whose skills are critical to the delivery of the business strategy and whom the Company has
identified as a long-term retention priority. With the exception of the IAG CEO, the maximum value of individual awards scheduled to be
made in 2022 will remain consistent with last year and the overall face value of grants will be similar to that distributed in 2021.
Although no value can be realised by plan participants from 2022 awards until 2025, their simplicity and transparency create immediate
engagement, attraction and retention benefits amongst the Group’s key leaders. This continues to enable the Group to maximise the
contribution of its senior leadership throughout the 2022 recovery and remain focused on the delivery of long-term sustainable value to
shareholders.




                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021      179
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Taxable benefits and pension-related benefits
Taxable benefits and pension benefits remain unchanged for 2022. The IAG CEO’s eligibility to the transitionary allowance will cease at
the end of 2022.
Non-executive director fees
Non-executive director fees were last reviewed in 2017 and remain unchanged for 2022. The fees have remained unchanged since 2011.
In 2021, all non-executive directors including the Chairman, agreed to a 10 per cent reduction in fees for the full year, in view of the need
to preserve cash within the business. Recognising the Group’s emergence into recovery, and in alignment with the decision taken for
the IAG CEO salary reinstatement, it was agreed that all non-executive directors should return to receiving full fees from January 1,
2022.
The Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee is regulated by article 32 of the IAG Board Regulations and by its own Regulations approved on
February 25, 2021. A copy of these Regulations is available on the company website.
Beyond executive directors, the Committee oversees the general application of the Remuneration Policy for the members of the IAG
Management Committee (and also occasionally considering remuneration matters related to managers generally across the Group).
Article 32 of the Board Regulations ensures that the Remuneration Committee shall be made up of no fewer than three independent
non-executive directors, with the dedication, capacity and experience necessary to carry out their function. Alberto Terol chairs the
Committee and holds Senior Independent Director responsibility. None of the Committee members has any personal financial interest,
other than as a shareholder, in the matters to be decided.
In accordance with the 2018 UK Code, the Remuneration Committee also has responsibility to review workforce remuneration and
related policies and the alignment of incentives and rewards with culture.
Advisers to the Committee
The Committee appointed Deloitte as its external adviser in September 2016. Deloitte reports directly to the Committee. The fees
paid to Deloitte for advice provided to the Remuneration Committee during 2021 were £56,073 (€64,971), charged on a time and
materials basis. Deloitte is a member of the Remuneration Consultants Group and a signatory to the voluntary UK Code of Conduct. As
well as advising the Remuneration Committee, other Deloitte teams provided advice in relation to remuneration, pensions, taxation and
immigration compliance requirements for IAG’s mobile workforce, data governance, business process improvement, financial/fiscal
advisory work and tax to the Group in 2021. The Committee has reviewed the remuneration advice provided by Deloitte during the year
and is comfortable that it has been objective and independent.
In addition to Deloitte providing the Remuneration Committee with market updates on pay themes, the Group also received market
data and insights from other specialist consultants such as Aon, PwC and Willis Towers Watson in 2021.
Statement of voting
The table below shows the consultative vote on the 2020 annual Directors’ Remuneration Report and the binding vote on the
Directors’ Remuneration Policy at the 2021 Shareholders’ Meeting:
                                            Number of votes cast                      For                  Against        Abstentions/Blank
2020 Annual Directors’                            2,573,169,545            2,383,678,763              189,490,782                 1,525,952
Remuneration Report                             (99.94 per cent)         (92.58 per cent)           (7.36 per cent)         (0.06 per cent)
                                                 2,574,695,497             2,407,953,176              149,433,203                 17,309,118
Directors’ Remuneration Policy                  (99.33 per cent)         (93.53 per cent)          (5.80 per cent)          (0.67 per cent)




180    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Supplementary information — Directors’ share options and shares
The following table details the nil-cost options over ordinary shares of the Company granted to the current IAG CEO under the IAG
PSP as at December 31, 2021:
                                                 Number of                Options        Options      Options                                  Number of
                                                 options at              exercised         lapsed     granted                                  options at
                                                  January 1, Exercise       during     during the   during the Exercisable                   December 31,
Director                  Date of grant               2021      price     the year           year         year       from     Expiry date           2021
Luis Gallego              May 28, 2015              131,242         –            –             –            –    1/1/2020    31/12/2024           131,242
                          March 7, 2016             98,001          –            –             –            –     1/1/2021    31/12/2025          98,001
                          March 6, 2017            174,504          –            –              -           –    1/1/2022    31/12/2026          174,504
                          May 10, 2018             194,269          –            –      194,269             –     Lapsed                                0
                          March 8, 2019            245,114          –            –             –            –    1/1/2024     31/12/2028          245,114
                          March 6, 2020           538,805           –            –             –            –    1/1/2025       1/1/2029         538,805
Total nil cost options
over ordinary shares                              1,381,935         –            –      194,269             –                                   1,187,666

The award granted on May 10, 2018 was tested at the end of the performance period. Threshold performance was not achieved for any
measure and therefore the award lapsed in full.
The performance conditions for each of the unvested PSP awards listed above will be tested to determine the level of vesting. For each
of these awards, one third of the award is subject to TSR performance measured against a comparator index, one third is subject to
adjusted EPS performance, and one third is subject to RoIC performance. The performance conditions will be measured over a single
three-year performance period. Any vested awards are subject to an additional two-year holding period.
The value attributed to the Company’s ordinary shares in accordance with the plan rules on the date of the 2020 PSP award was 459
pence (2019: 567 pence; 2018: 691 pence; 2017: 546 pence; 2016: 541 pence; and 2015: 550 pence).
The following table details the conditional share awards over ordinary shares granted under the Executive Share Plan (RSP) to
Executive Directors:
                                                                                                                               Number of       Number of
                                                                                                                                 unvested          vested
                                                                                                                               conditional     conditional
                                                      Number of                          Shares lapsed                           shares at       shares at
                                                      conditional                        at vesting due    Holding period    December 31,    December 31,
Director                         Date of grant    shares granted        Vesting date        to underpin       expiry date            2021            2021

Luis Gallego                   June 23, 2021            414,954 June 23, 2024                          – June 23, 2026           414,954                –
Total conditional share
awards (RSP)                                            414,954                                        –                         414,954                –

RSP awards are subject to a discretionary underpin prior to vesting. This review, performed by the Remuneration Committee, considers
the Company’s overall performance, including financial and non-financial performance measures, over the course of the vesting period,
as well as any material risk or regulatory failures identified. In the event of a significant failure on the part of the Company or the
executive director, malus and clawback provisions are available to the Remuneration Committee to reduce the vesting value, including
to nil.
The value attributed to the Company’s ordinary shares in accordance with the plan rules on the date of the 2021 RSP award was
197 pence.




                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               181
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Incentive Award Deferral Plan (IADP)
Under the current policy, 50 per cent of any annual incentive award for executive directors is made in deferred shares under the
Incentive Award Deferral Plan. Under this plan, incentive award shares are deferred for three years from date of grant. The following
table details the current Executive Director’s holdings of conditional awards over ordinary shares of the Company granted under the
IAG IADP. Awards are shown for the performance periods ended December 31, 2017, December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019.
No award was made in respect of 2020 following the decision to cancel the 2020 IAG Annual Incentive Plan. Additionally, no award will
be made to the IAG CEO for 2021. The impact of not making IADP grants to the IAG CEO for two years in succession will be a
considerable reduction in unvested IADP shareholdings and the effectiveness of unvested IADP shares as a retention tool.
                                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                             Number of         awards                                                  unvested
                            Performance                       Shares at      released                         Awards Awards made       shares at
                             year award                       January 1,    during the         Date of lapsing during  during the   December 31,
Executive Director             relates to1 Date of award          2021            year         vesting       the year        year          2021
Luis Gallego                        2017        May 10,         90,253         90,253        March 8,             –             –              –
                                                  2018                                          2021
                                    2018       March 8,         74,576               –       March 8,             –             –        74,576
                                                  2019                                          2022
                                    2019       March 6,         81,520               –      March 6,              –             –        81,520
                                                 2020                                          2023
Total                                                        246,349          90,253                             –             –       156,096
1 No IADP award was made in March 2021, following the cancellation of the 2020 Annual Incentive Plan.

IADP awards already reflect performance delivered against a completed performance period, therefore awards are not subject to
further performance conditions for vesting to occur. The terms and conditions of award for IADP grants do however require executive
directors to be in employment with the Company at the time of vesting, or have left as a Good Leaver, to be eligible to receive the
award. IADP awards are also subject to the policy’s malus and clawback provisions.
The values attributed to the Company’s ordinary shares in accordance with the plan rules for IADP awards (relating to the previous
year’s performance) were 2020 award: 459 pence; 2019 award: 567 pence and 2018 award: 691 pence.
The value attributed to the Company’s ordinary shares in accordance with the plan rules on the date of the 2018 IADP award (relating
to the 2017 performance year) was 691 pence. The share price on the date of the vesting of this award (March 8, 2021) was 210 pence.
The monetary value of the shares received was the share price on the date of the vesting multiplied by the number of shares in respect
of the award vested, as shown in the table above.




182     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Approval of 2021 Directors’ Remuneration Policy
The new Directors’ Remuneration Policy, approved by shareholders on June 17, 2021, brought the policy into line with changing UK and
Spanish governance best practice and improved alignment to the Group’s strategy through changes in long-term incentive plan design,
alignment of executive director pension benefits, introduction of post-employment shareholding requirements, extension of malus and
clawback capabilities and extension of discretion afforded to the Remuneration Committee and Board.
The updated policy is published on the IAG external website and presented in detail below.
(https://www.iairgroup.com/~/media/Files/I/IAG/AGM%202021/English/6%20May%20upload/directors_remuneration_policy_2021.
pdf)

2021 Directors’ Remuneration Policy:
Governance
This Directors' Remuneration Policy is adapted to the new wording of article 529 novodecies of the Capital Companies Act, as
amended by Law 5/2021 of 12 April, and shall apply, in accordance with the provisions of section 1 of said article 529 novodecies, from
the date of its approval by the 2021 Shareholders' Meeting and during the following three financial years (i.e. during financial years
2022, 2023 and 2024). Any amendment or replacement thereof during such period shall require the prior approval of the Shareholders’
Meeting in accordance with the procedure established for its approval.
As a Spanish-incorporated company, IAG is not subject to the remuneration reporting regulations that apply to UK-incorporated
companies. Nevertheless, the Committee recognises the importance of effective corporate governance and is firmly committed to UK
best practice, such that we continue to operate in line with the regulations.
IAG Remuneration Principles
Alignment                                  Our remuneration policies promote long-term value creation, through transparent
                                           alignment with our corporate strategy.
Simplicity and clarity                     We will keep our remuneration structures as simple and clear as possible to ensure they
                                           are understandable and meaningful to employees and shareholders.
Competitiveness                            Total remuneration will be competitive for the role, taking into account scale, sector,
                                           complexity of responsibility and geography. When setting senior executive pay, we will
                                           consider experience, external pay relativity, and the ability of IAG to compete for global
                                           talent.
Pay for performance                        We promote a culture where all employees are accountable for delivering performance.
                                           We will ensure there is alignment between performance and pay outcomes, with fair
                                           outcomes supported by corporate and individual performance and wider stakeholder
                                           experience. Depending on the level of the individual in the organisation, we use long-term
                                           equity to incentivise performance, shareholder value creation, and retention. Performance
                                           measures and targets will seek to balance collective success with a clear line of sight for
                                           participants. Remuneration outcomes aim to reflect the sustained long-term underlying
                                           performance of IAG.
Judgement                                  We will use discretion and judgement to review formulaic performance outcomes to arrive
                                           at fair and balanced remuneration outcomes for both IAG and employees.
Sustainability                             Our remuneration policies incentivise individual and corporate performance, support
                                           talent attraction and retention and promote sound risk management to enhance the
                                           sustainable long-term financial health of the Group. Individual contribution and values and
                                           behaviours will be reflected in remuneration outcomes.




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         183
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Consideration of shareholder views
The Company consults regularly with its major investors on all matters relating to executive remuneration. The Company will engage in
an extensive investor consultation exercise whenever there are any significant changes to remuneration policy.
Early in 2021, the Board Chair, Remuneration Committee Chair and executives from the Company held meetings with our major
investors on our proposed new Remuneration Policy. These discussions were very useful; the Company carefully considered the views
stated and modified the policy as appropriate.
The Committee discusses each year the issues and outcomes from the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting usually held in June, and
determines any appropriate action required as a result.
The policy as shown on the following pages is intended to apply for three years, until 2024, taking effect from the date of approval.
The principal changes from the previous Remuneration Policy (which was approved at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2018) are
shown on the following table.
Area of change to policy                Summary of approved change from 2018 to 2021
Long-term incentive                     Replacement of the existing Performance Share Plan (PSP) with a Restricted Share Plan
                                        (RSP).
Pension contributions                   Upon appointment, the pension contributions for the new CEO and CFO of IAG were revised
                                        down to 12.5% of salary, comparable to the rate applicable to the majority of the UK
                                        workforce. In this Remuneration Policy, the Company will formalise the arrangement that
                                        pension contributions for executive directors will be aligned with the wider workforce.
Post-cessation shareholding             Introduction of a post-cessation shareholding requirement for executive directors, in line with
requirements                            best practice.
Malus and clawback                      Extend the malus and clawback trigger events to include payments based on erroneous or
                                        misleading data, serious reputational damage and corporate failure to align with guidance.
Discretion                              Additional wording to align to the Corporate Governance Code and allow discretion to adjust
                                        formulaic outcomes to reflect corporate performance.
Addressing significant falls in share   Additional wording to address windfall gains that may occur for long-term incentives.
price under long-term incentives

These changes:
• Ensure a focus on the long-term performance of the Company, with a primary focus on delivering sustainable shareholder returns.
• Ensure that executives are not discouraged from making timely and difficult strategic decisions that may have short-term impacts,
  but are in the best interests of the long-term health of the business.
• Support the build-up and maintenance of a long-term shareholding which ensures executives and senior managers focus on
  recovering and enhancing shareholder value.
• Ensure management have the same ownership experience as shareholders.
• Simplify remuneration for executive directors and senior managers




184    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Key elements of pay
Executive directors
The table below summarises the main elements of remuneration packages for the executive directors:
Purpose and
link to strategy   Operation of element of policy                       Maximum opportunity          Performance metrics
Base salary        Takes account of factors such as role, skills and   There is no formal          Individual and business performance
                   contribution.                                       maximum. Basic salaries     are considered in reviewing and
To attract
                                                                       are reviewed annually by    setting base salary.
and retain talent The positioning of base salaries is set with
                                                                       the Remuneration
to help achieve reference to factors such as the external market,
                                                                       Committee by taking into
our strategic     as well as the individual’s skills and contribution.
                                                                       account factors such as:
objectives.
                  Basic salaries are reviewed annually, and            company affordability, the
                  normally take effect on January 1 each year.         value and worth of the
                                                                       executive, retention risks,
                                                                       and the size of pay
                                                                       increases generally across
                                                                       the whole group of
                                                                       companies.
Annual             The Board, on a recommendation from the              The maximum                  At least 60 per cent and no more than
incentive          Remuneration Committee, sets the financial           opportunity in the           80 per cent of the annual incentive is
award              and non-financial targets that apply to the          incentive plan is 200 per    subject to financial measures. The
                   annual incentive award. These are set by             cent of salary. Each         weighting on role-specific objectives
Incentivises
                   reference to a number of factors, including the      performance metric in the    will not exceed 25 per cent, and any
annual
                   Business Plan (as approved by the Board), and        incentive plan is            remaining portion will be subject to
corporate
                   the Group’s strategic focus. For the portion         independent. For each        measurable non-financial metrics.
financial and
                   based on personal objectives, the Committee          performance metric in the
non-financial                                                                                        For the bonus deferral award, no
                   will consider the performance of each                incentive plan, there will
performance                                                                                          other performance conditions apply
                   executive against their role-specific objectives.    be no payment at all until
and the                                                                                              because it is based on performance
                   All performance evaluations for executive            performance for that
delivery of                                                                                          already delivered.
                   directors will be submitted to the Board for         particular metric has
role-specific
                   final approval.                                      reached the threshold
objectives.
                                                                        level of the target range.
                   The Board, after considering the
The deferred                                                            50 per cent of the
                   recommendation of the Committee, retains the
shares element                                                          maximum will be awarded
                   discretion to adjust the formulaic outcome of
aligns the                                                              for on-target
                   awards in order to, in its opinion, properly
interest of                                                             performance, and the
                   reflect overall corporate performance – see
executives and                                                          maximum for each
                   below.
shareholders                                                            element will only be
and provides a     50 per cent of the annual incentive award is         awarded once a stretch
retention tool.    deferred into shares. This is designed to align      target has been reached.
                   the interests of executives with shareholders by
                   providing a proportion of the annual incentive
                   in shares in the form of a bonus deferral award.
                   On vesting, executives will receive the benefit
                   of any dividends paid over the deferred period
                   in the form of dividend equivalent payments.
                   Malus and clawback provisions apply – see
                   below.




                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     185
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED



Purpose and
link to strategy          Operation of element of policy             Maximum opportunity        Performance metrics
Restricted Share          The RSP is a discretionary plan            2021 Policy - The face     No performance measures are
Plan (RSP)                targeted at key senior executives and      value of an award will     associated with the awards.
                          managers of the Group who directly         not exceed 100 per         Vesting will be contingent on the
Incentivises
                          influence shareholder value. The RSP       cent of salary at the      satisfaction of a discretionary
long-term shareholder
                          consists of an award of the                time of the award. An      underpin, assessed three years after
value creation, and
                          Company’s shares which vests as long       executive will have a      grant. In assessing the underpin, the
retention.
                          as the executive remains employed by       maximum of one award       Committee will consider the
                          the Company at the time of vesting         in respect of any          Company’s overall performance,
                          and subject to the assessment of the       financial year of the      including financial and non-financial
                          underpin. On vesting, in line with the     Company.                   performance measures over the
                          rules of the RSP and IAG’s philosophy                                 course of the vesting period, as well as
                          to encourage and facilitate employee                                  any material risk or regulatory failures
                          shareholding, participants may elect                                  identified. Financial performance may
                                                                        Proposed 2022
                          to self-fund any tax due rather than                                  include elements such as revenue,
                                                                        Policy amendment
                          sell a portion of their share award to                                profitability, cash generation, return on
                                                                        to replace
                          meet tax liabilities.                                                 capital and benchmarked with
                                                                        2021 maximum
                                                                                                comparable airlines. Non-financial
                          Malus and clawback provisions apply           opportunity:
                                                                                                performance may include a range of
                          – see below.
                                                                        The face value of       operational and strategic measures
                          Following the assessment of the               an award will not       critical to the Company’s long-term
                          underpin, there is normally an                exceed 150 per          sustainable success. Whilst the RSP
                          additional holding period of at least         cent of salary at       provides a greater certainty of reward
                          two years.                                    the time of the         by its very nature, the Committee will
                                                                        award. An               ensure any value delivered to
                                                                        executive will          executive directors is fair and
                                                                        have a maximum          appropriate in the context of the
                                                                        of one award in         performance of the business and
                                                                        respect of any          experience of our stakeholders and
                                                                        financial year of       that corporate or individual failure is
                                                                        the Company.            not rewarded. In the case of significant
                                                                                                failure on the part of the Company or
                                                                                                the individual, vesting may be reduced,
                                                                                                including to nil. Full disclosure of the
                                                                                                Committee’s considerations in
                                                                                                assessing the underpin will be
                                                                                                disclosed in the relevant Directors’
                                                                                                Remuneration Report at the point of
                                                                                                vesting.


Benefits                  Benefits include, but are not limited      There is no formal
                          to, life insurance, personal travel and,   maximum. In general,
Ensures total package
                          where applicable, a company car, fuel,     the Company expects
is competitive.
                          and private health insurance. Where        to maintain benefits at
                          appropriate, benefits may include          the current level.
                          relocation and international
                          assignment costs. Executives will also
                          be reimbursed for all reasonable
                          expenses.
Pension                   The Company operates a defined             The level of employer
                          contribution scheme as a percentage        contribution for
Provides
                          of salary, and all executive directors     executive directors,
post-retirement
                          are eligible for membership.               expressed as a
remuneration
                          Executives can opt instead to receive      percentage of basic
and ensures
                          a salary supplement in lieu of a           salary, will be in line
total package
                          pension.                                   with the rate applicable
is competitive.
                                                                     to the majority of the
                                                                     workforce in the
                                                                     country in which the
                                                                     executive director is
                                                                     based. For the UK
                                                                     workforce, this is
                                                                     currently 12.5 per cent
                                                                     of basic salary.
Performance               There will be no further awards made
Share Plan                under this plan. Legacy awards will
                          continue to vest.




186     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Information supporting the policy tables
Shareholding requirements
In order to increase alignment with shareholders, executive directors are required to build up a minimum personal shareholding equal
to a set percentage of base salary. The share price used to calculate the guideline is either the share price on the date of award or on
the date of vesting/exercise. Executive directors will be required to retain the entire 100 per cent of shares (net of tax) which vest from
share plans until their respective shareholding requirement is attained. The CEO of IAG is required to build up and maintain a
shareholding of 350 per cent of basic salary, and other executive directors are required to build up and maintain a shareholding of 200
per cent of basic salary.
On departure, executive directors will be required to hold the number of shares in line with their in-employment shareholding
requirement (or the number of shares that they own at departure if lower) for two years from their date of termination from the Group.
Shares will normally be retained in the nominee account administered by the Company to ensure this.
Malus and clawback provisions
The Board, following the advice of the Committee, has authority to reduce or cancel awards before they are satisfied (and/or impose
additional conditions on awards), and to recover payments, if special circumstances exist. These special circumstances include (but are
not limited to) fraud; material breach of any law, regulation or code of practice; an error or a material misstatement of results leading to
overpayment or over-allocation; misconduct; failure of risk management; the occurrence of an exceptional event affecting the
Company’s value or reputation; payments based on results that are subsequently found to be materially financially inaccurate or
misleading; serious reputational damage as a result of a participant’s behaviour; corporate failure; or any other circumstances in which
the Board considers it to be in the interests of shareholders for the award to lapse or be adjusted. This is aligned with the latest version
of the UK Corporate Governance Code provisions.
For RSP and PSP awards, clawback provisions apply for two years post vesting (which will usually align with the additional holding
period). For the bonus deferral awards, there will be three years from the date of award in which shares can be withheld, i.e. the entire
period from the date of the award until vesting. For the cash element of the annual incentive plan, clawback provisions apply for three
years from the date of payment. The proportion of an award to be withheld or recovered will be at the discretion of the Board, upon
consideration of the Committee, taking into account all relevant matters.
Discretion to adjust formulaic outcomes
The Board, after considering the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, retains the discretion to adjust (including
preventing them in their entirety and making no payment) the formulaic outcome of incentive award payments in order to, in its
opinion, properly reflect overall corporate performance. This includes where the business has had an exceptional event, in particular
events that significantly impact stakeholders. This will include analysing the performance of the participant and the underlying financial
performance of the Group to check whether they have been satisfactory in the circumstances and whether vesting levels reflect overall
corporate performance. The Remuneration Committee can also take other factors as it considers relevant into account. Underlying
financial performance is defined as the overall performance of the Company, which may be considered with reference to a range of
measures as the Remuneration Committee considers most appropriate at the time. Stakeholders would include shareholders,
customers, and the Company’s workforce. The Board also has authority to reduce the award levels and/or the vesting outcomes for the
former PSP and the RSP where the Company has experienced a significant fall in share price, as a result of which it considers that
participants have unduly benefitted from windfall gains.
Benefits, expenses and taxation
The Board may arrange to settle any taxes and associated expenses payable if it deems such settlement appropriate, including, but
not limited to tax on benefits or where, without such settlement, the executive will be subject to double taxation on the same
remuneration amount.




                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       187
 Corporate Governance

REPORT OF THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE CONTINUED


Non-executive directors
The table below summarises the main elements of remuneration for non-executive directors:
Purpose and link to strategy                 Operation of element of policy                    Maximum opportunity
Basic fees                                   Fees are set with reference to market             The maximum annual aggregate gross
                                             positioning.                                      remuneration (including annual basic fees
Fees take into account the level of
                                                                                               and benefits, including travel benefits)
responsibility, experience, abilities and    To acknowledge the key role of the Chair
                                                                                               payable to directors shall not exceed
dedication required.                         of the Board of Directors, fees are set
                                                                                               €3,500,000 as approved by the
                                             separately for this role. There is also an
                                                                                               Shareholders’ Meeting on October 19, 2010,
                                             additional fee for undertaking the role of
                                                                                               in accordance with article 37.3 of the
                                             Senior Independent Director, and also for
                                                                                               Company’s Bylaws.
                                             holding a Committee chair position. There is
                                             no additional fee for Committee
                                             membership.
                                             Non-executive director fees will take into
                                             account external market conditions to
                                             ensure it is possible to attract and retain the
                                             necessary talent. There is no specific review
                                             date set, but it is the Company’s intention
                                             to review fees from time to time.
Benefits                                     Non-executive directors (including the            The maximum total annual gross amount
                                             Board Chair) are entitled to use air tickets      of the personal travel benefit is €500,000
                                             of the airlines of the Company or related to      for all non-executive directors taken
                                             the Company in accordance with the terms          together (including any former non-
                                             and conditions established in the Company         executive director who may enjoy this
                                             travel scheme.                                    benefit at any given time).
                                             As provided for under article 37.8 of the
                                             Company’s Bylaws this benefit may also be
                                             provided to non-executive directors after
                                             they have vacated office in accordance
                                             with the terms and conditions established
                                             in the Company travel scheme.

Remuneration scenarios
A significant portion of the Company’s total remuneration package is variable, with emphasis placed on longer-term reward to align
closely executive directors’ interests with shareholder interests. The proposed amendment to the policy for 2022 seeks to increase the
opportunity level for long-term incentive component, therefore rebalancing the Executive Director’s overall package more towards
share-based, deferred remuneration and thereby increasing the proportion of overall remuneration opportunity directly aligned to
shareholder’s interests.
The chart on the following page shows the 2021 remuneration outturn for the Executive Director set against various remuneration
outturn scenarios under the proposed 2022 policy opportunity structure. The scenarios illustrated include the minimum remuneration
receivable, the remuneration receivable if the director performs in line with the Company’s expectations, the maximum remuneration
receivable, and the maximum remuneration receivable with 50 per cent share price growth. With the exception of the illustration
showing 50 per cent share price growth, no share price variation is taken into consideration in these scenarios.
IAG CEO - 2022 remuneration scenario assumptions
Fixed remuneration is basic salary as at January 1, 2022 ((£820,000 (€950,134), plus taxable benefits (est. £275,000 (€318,642), plus
pension-related benefits (2022 level of £102,500 (€118,766). The value of 2021 taxable benefits includes a fixed-term transitionary
allowance of £250,000 p.a. (payable only until December 2022), as described on page 169.
The annual incentive amount is zero at the minimum remuneration level, £820,000 (€950,134) at the on-target level (equivalent to 100
per cent of salary), and £1,640,000 (€1,900,268) at maximum (equivalent to 200 per cent of salary).
The long-term incentive (RSP) opportunity is presented on the basis of the proposed 2022 policy amendment which increases the
Executive Director’s opportunity from 100 per cent of salary to 150 per cent of salary. RSP outturns are shown as zero at the minimum
remuneration level, £1,230,000 (€1,425,201) at the on-target level (equivalent to 150 per cent of salary) and £1,845,000 (€2,137,802) at
the maximum level, which includes a 50 per cent share price appreciation, solely for the purpose of illustrating a wider range of
potential remuneration outcomes.
In contrast to the reporting of executive director remuneration in the 2021 single total figure of remuneration table where RSP value is
shown at vesting rather than grant, for illustrative purposes for the scenario modelling opposite, RSP values for 2021 and 2022 are
shown at time of grant rather than time of vesting.
Euro amounts are shown at the 2021 exchange rate GBP 1: EUR 1.1587.




188    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Remuneration scenarios: IAG CEO 2021 remuneration outturn vs proposed 2022 remuneration opportunity

      2021 IAG
                                                     £820,000
    CEO actual         £1,110,000 (€1,286,157)                           £1,930,000 (€2,236,291)
  remuneration                                       (€950,134)



          2022
      Minimum          £1,197,500 (€1,387,543)         £1,197,500 (€1,387,543)
   (fixed only)1
         2022                                          £820,000            £1,230,000
                       £1,197,500 (€1,387,543)                                                          £3,247,500 (€3,762,878)
     On-target1                                        (€950,134)          (€1,425,201)
         2022
     Maximum1          £1,197,500 (€1,387,543)         £1,640,000 (€1,900,268)                £1,230,000 (€1,425,201)      £4,067,500 (€4,713,012)
2022 Maximum,
                                                                                                                                           £4,682,500
     plus share        £1,197,500 (€1,387,543)         £1,640,000 (€1,900,268)                £1,845,000 (€2,137,802)
  price growth1                                                                                                                            (€5,425,613)

                   0                       1,000,000                2,000,000               3,000,000              4,000,000               5,000,000


                         Fixed Remuneration
                         Annual Incentive
                         Long-term incentive (RSP)

1 Fixed remuneration includes a transitionary allowance of £250,000 p.a. (payable until the end of 2022 only), as described on page 169.

Remuneration policy below director level
Managers at the operating companies in the Group participate in their own company annual incentive plans. These all have
performance measures specific to their operating company, and are typically financial, operational, and customer service measures.
Selected senior managers participate in RSP under Executive Share Plan rules. Employees below senior manager level do not
participate in RSP.
Notes to the policy tables
The Board may make any remuneration payments and payments for loss of office (and exercise any discretions available to it in
connection with such payments) which are not in line with this Remuneration Policy, where the terms of the payment were agreed (i)
before this policy came into effect (provided that they were in line with any applicable directors’ Remuneration Policy in force at the
time they were agreed) or (ii) at a time when the relevant individual was not a director of the Company and such payment was not, in
the Board’s opinion, in consideration of the individual becoming a director. For these purposes ‘payments’ include the Board satisfying
awards of variable remuneration and, in respect a share award, the terms of the payment are agreed at the time the award is granted.
This will also include the vesting of any awards granted under the IAG PSP. The Board may also make remuneration payments and
payments for loss of office outside of the policy set out above if such payments are required by law in a relevant country.
External non-executive directorship
The Company’s consent is required before an executive can accept an external non-executive appointment and permission is only
given in appropriate circumstances. The Company allows the executive to retain any fee from such appointments.
Approach to recruitment remuneration
The remuneration for new executive directors will be in line with the policy for current executive directors as far as possible, as
expressed in the policy table earlier in this report.
On appointment, new executive directors will have their basic salary set by taking into account the external market, their peers, and
their level of experience. New executive directors will participate in the annual and long-term incentives on the same basis as existing
directors.
To facilitate recruitment, the Board, after considering the recommendation of the Committee, may make one-off awards to buy out
variable pay or contractual rights forfeited on leaving a previous employer. Generally, such buy-out awards will be made on a
comparable basis to those forfeited giving due regard to all relevant factors (including value, performance targets, the likelihood of
those targets being met and vesting periods). In such circumstances, shareholders will be provided with full details and rationale in the
next published Remuneration Report.
Excluding the value of any potential buy-out, the maximum value of variable remuneration offered at recruitment will be no more than
that awarded to current directors.
In the case of an internal promotion to executive director, the Company will continue to honour any commitments made before
promotion. Other than that, the remuneration arrangements on recruitment will be as above.
Non-executive directors will be recruited in line with the Company’s Remuneration Policy principles outlined before.
Consideration of employment conditions elsewhere in the Group
The Committee is updated on pay and conditions of the employees within the Group and takes this into account when considering
executive directors’ remuneration.
The pay of employees across all companies in the Group is taken into account when determining the level of any increase in the annual
salary review of directors. This takes place each year at the January Committee meeting.
When determining the RSP awards for executive directors, the Committee takes note of the eligibility criteria and the potential size of
awards for executives below director level in all companies within the Group.
At the operating company level, the company consults with employee representative bodies, including trade unions and works
councils. This will include consultation on company strategy, the competitive environment, and employee terms and conditions. In
addition, some of the operating companies run employee opinion surveys in order to take into consideration employee views on a
variety of subjects, including leadership, management, and the wider employee experience.


                                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       189
 Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT



                                                                                                                                   Year to December 31
€ million                                                                                                               Note           2021         20201
Passenger revenue                                                                                                                     5,835             5,512
Cargo revenue                                                                                                                          1,673            1,306
Other revenue                                                                                                                           947              988
Total revenue                                                                                                               5         8,455            7,806


Employee costs                                                                                                              8         3,013             3,585
Fuel, oil costs and emissions charges                                                                                                  1,781            3,735
Handling, catering and other operating costs                                                                                          1,308             1,340
Landing fees and en-route charges                                                                                                       923               918
Engineering and other aircraft costs                                                                                                  1,085             1,456
Property, IT and other costs                                                                                                            758              782
Selling costs                                                                                                                           434              405
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                                   6          1,932            2,955
Currency differences                                                                                                                     (14)              81
Total expenditure on operations                                                                                                       11,220           15,257
Operating loss                                                                                                                       (2,765)           (7,451)


Finance costs                                                                                                               9          (830)            (670)
Finance income                                                                                                              9             13               41
Net change in fair value of convertible bond                                                                                             89                 –
Net financing (charge)/credit relating to pensions                                                                          9             (2)              12
Net currency retranslation (charges)/credits                                                                                            (82)             245
Other non-operating credits/(charges)                                                                                       9            70                (4)
Total net non-operating costs                                                                                                          (742)            (376)
Loss before tax                                                                                                                      (3,507)           (7,827)
Tax                                                                                                                        10           574              892
Loss after tax for the year                                                                                                          (2,933)           (6,935)


Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent                                                                                                         (2,933)           (6,935)
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                   –                –
                                                                                                                                     (2,933)           (6,935)


Basic loss per share (€ cents)                                                                                              11         (59.1)          (196.6)
Diluted loss per share (€ cents)                                                                                            11         (59.1)          (196.6)
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




190    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 190
                                                                  2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                                                                                   Year to December 31
€ million                                                                                                               Note           2021         20201
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net profit
Cash flow hedges:
   Fair value movements in equity                                                                                                       794             (2,171)
   Reclassified and reported in net profit                                                                                               (81)            1,871
Fair value movements on cost of hedging                                                                                                   10              (16)
Cost of hedging reclassified and reported in net profit                                                                                  (12)             (19)
Currency translation differences                                                                                           31            (12)            (213)


Items that will not be reclassified to net profit
Fair value movements on other equity investments                                                                                           –              (53)
Fair value movements on cash flow hedges                                                                                                 54              (45)
Fair value movements on cost of hedging                                                                                                    –               26
Fair value movements on liabilities attributable to credit risk changes                                                                  (15)               –
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations                                                                                 1,400             (587)
Remeasurements of long-term employee-related provisions                                                                                   25               (9)
Total other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                                                                2,163            (1,216)
Loss after tax for the year                                                                                                          (2,933)           (6,935)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                                                  (770)            (8,151)


Total comprehensive loss is attributable to:
  Equity holders of the parent                                                                                                         (770)            (8,151)
  Non-controlling interest                                                                                                 31              –                –
                                                                                                                                       (770)            (8,151)
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.
Items in the consolidated Statement of other comprehensive income above are disclosed net of tax.




                                                                             191
                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                   191
 Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET


                                                                                                                December 31,    December 31,   December 31,
€ million                                                                                                Note         2021           20201           20191
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                                              13          17,161         17,531         19,168
Intangible assets                                                                                          17         3,239           3,208          3,442
Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                          18            40              29              31
Other equity investments                                                                                   19             31             29              82
Employee benefit assets                                                                                    32          1,775            334             531
Derivative financial instruments                                                                           28             77             42            268
Deferred tax assets                                                                                        10          1,282          1,075            546
Other non-current assets                                                                                  20            250             228            273
                                                                                                                     23,855         22,476          24,341
Current assets
Non-current assets held for sale                                                                           16             20               –              –
Inventories                                                                                                             334              351           565
Trade receivables                                                                                         20            735             557          2,255
Other current assets                                                                                      20            960             792           1,314
Current tax receivable                                                                                     10             16             101            186
Derivative financial instruments                                                                           28           543              122           324
Current interest-bearing deposits                                                                          21             51            143           2,621
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  21         7,892           5,774          4,062
                                                                                                                      10,551          7,840          11,327
Total assets                                                                                                        34,406           30,316         35,668


Shareholders’ equity
Issued share capital                                                                                       29           497             497            996
Share premium                                                                                              29         7,770           7,770          5,327
Treasury shares                                                                                                          (24)           (40)           (60)
Other reserves                                                                                                       (7,403)         (6,623)            851
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                              840           1,604            7,114
Non-controlling interest                                                                                   31              6               6              6
Total equity                                                                                                            846            1,610          7,120
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                                 25        17,084          13,464           12,411
Employee benefit obligations                                                                               32           285             477            326
Deferred tax liability                                                                                     10               –            40            290
Provisions                                                                                                 26         2,267           2,286           2,416
Deferred revenue on ticket sales                                                                           23            391            473               –
Derivative financial instruments                                                                           28             47            310            286
Other long-term liabilities                                                                                24           208             140              71
                                                                                                                     20,282           17,190        15,800
Current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                                                 25         2,526            2,215          1,843
Trade and other payables                                                                                   22          3,712          2,810          4,344
Deferred revenue on ticket sales                                                                           23          6,161          4,657          5,486
Derivative financial instruments                                                                           28            126           1,160           252
Current tax payable                                                                                        10             21             48             192
Provisions                                                                                                 26           732             626             631
                                                                                                                      13,278          11,516        12,748
Total liabilities                                                                                                    33,560         28,706          28,548
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                        34,406           30,316         35,668
1 The 2020 and 2019 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




192    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 192
                                                                 2021
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT


                                                                                                                                        Year to December 31
€ million                                                                                                                   Note            2021        20201, 2
Cash flows from operating activities
Operating loss                                                                                                                           (2,765)          (7,451)
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                                       6          1,932           2,955
Movement in working capital                                                                                                                1,634            1,161
    (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables, inventories and other current assets                                                          (351)          2,281
    Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables and deferred revenue on ticket sales                                                   1,985           (1,120)
Payments related to restructuring                                                                                             26            (161)          (383)
Employer contributions to pension schemes                                                                                                    (41)           (318)
Pension scheme service costs                                                                                                  32              26                30
Provision and other non-cash movements                                                                                                      305             486
Settlement of derivatives where hedge accounting has been discontinued                                                                     (497)            569
Interest paid                                                                                                                              (640)           (548)
Interest received                                                                                                                               3               22
Tax received                                                                                                                                  63                45
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                                    (141)        (3,432)


Cash flows from investing activities
Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                         (744)          (1,939)
Sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and investments                                                                 544             1,133
Decrease in other current interest-bearing deposits                                                                                           91          2,366
Other investing movements3                                                                                                                   (72)                 2
Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                                    (181)          1,562


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                   4,817           3,567
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                    (784)           (978)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                            (1,481)         (1,536)
Dividend paid                                                                                                                  12               –               (53)
Acquisition of treasury shares                                                                                                               (24)                 –
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                                                             (268)                136
Proceeds from rights issue                                                                                                                      –         2,674
Other financing movements                                                                                                                    (25)                 –
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                                                                  2,235            3,810


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  1,913           1,940
Net foreign exchange differences                                                                                                            205            (228)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                                                                                    5,774           4,062
Cash and cash equivalents at year end                                                                                          21         7,892            5,774


Interest-bearing deposits maturing after more than three months                                                                21              51               143


Cash, cash equivalents and interest-bearing deposits                                                                           21         7,943            5,917
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.
2 The 2020 results include a reclassification to conform with the current year presentation regarding settlement of derivative financial instruments. Further
  information is given in note 2.
3 Other investing movements include the Air Europa settlement payment. Refer to note 3i for further information.
For details on restricted cash balances refer to note 21 Cash, cash equivalents and current interest-bearing deposits.




                                                                               193
                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                     193
 Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year to December 31, 2021

                                                    Issued                                                                                Non-
                                                     share         Share      Treasury        Other                        Total    controlling
                                                   capital      premium         shares     reserves      Retained   shareholders’      interest
€ million                                        (note 29)     (note 29)     (note 29)     (note 31)     earnings         equity      (note 31)   Total equity
January 1, 2021 (restated)   1
                                                      497         7,770          (40)       (2,420)       (4,203)         1,604              6          1,610


Loss for the year                                        –             –             –            –       (2,933)        (2,933)             –         (2,933)


Other comprehensive loss for the year
Cash flow hedges reclassified and
reported in net profit:
  Passenger revenue                                      –             –             –           18             –             18             –             18
  Fuel and oil costs                                     –             –             –         (45)             –           (45)             –           (45)
  Currency differences                                   –             –             –          (15)            –            (15)            –            (15)
  Finance costs                                          –             –             –           23             –             23             –            23
Discontinuance of hedge accounting                       –             –             –         (62)             –           (62)             –           (62)
Net change in fair value of cash flow
hedges                                                   –             –             –         848              –           848              –           848
Net change in fair value of cost of
hedging                                                  –             –             –           10             –             10             –             10
Cost of hedging reclassified and
reported in net profit                                   –             –             –          (12)            –            (12)            –            (12)
Fair value movements on liabilities
attributable to credit risk changes                      –             –             –          (15)            –            (15)            –            (15)
Currency translation differences                         –             –             –          (12)            –            (12)            –            (12)
Remeasurements of post-employment
benefit obligations                                      –             –             –            –        1,400          1,400              –         1,400
Remeasurements of long-term
employee-related provisions                              –             –             –            –           25              25             –            25
Total comprehensive loss for the year                    –             –             –         738        (1,508)          (770)             –          (770)
Hedges reclassified and reported in
property, plant and equipment                            –             –             –            9             –              9             –              9
Cost of share-based payments                             –             –             –            –           23              23             –            23
Vesting of share-based payment
schemes                                                  –             –           40             –          (42)             (2)            –             (2)
Acquisition of treasury shares                           –             –          (24)            –             –           (24)             –           (24)
December 31, 2021                                     497         7,770           (24)      (1,673)      (5,730)            840              6           846
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




194    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 194
                                                                  2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year to December 31, 2020

                                                    Issued                                                                                 Non-
                                                     share         Share      Treasury        Other                         Total    controlling
                                                   capital      premium         shares     reserves      Retained    shareholders’      interest         Total
€ million                                        (note 29)     (note 29)     (note 29)     (note 31)     earnings          equity      (note 31)        equity
January 1, 2020 (reported)    1
                                                      996         5,327           (60)      (2,579)         3,139          6,823              6        6,829


Change in accounting policy1                             –             –             –            –          291              291             –           291
January 1, 2020 (restated)                            996         5,327           (60)      (2,579)        3,430             7,114            6         7,120


Loss for the year                                        –             –             –            –       (6,935)         (6,935)             –        (6,935)


Other comprehensive income for the
year
Cash flow hedges reclassified and
reported in net profit:
  Passenger revenue                                      –             –             –          50              –             50              –            50
  Fuel and oil costs                                     –             –             –         356              –            356              –          356
  Currency differences                                   –             –             –           18             –              18             –            18
  Finance costs                                          –             –             –           12             –              12             –            12
Discontinuance of hedge accounting                       –             –             –        1,435             –           1,435             –         1,435
Net change in fair value of cash flow
hedges                                                   –             –             –       (2,216)            –          (2,216)            –        (2,216)
Net change in fair value of equity
investments                                              –             –             –          (53)            –             (53)            –           (53)
Net change in fair value of cost of
hedging                                                  –             –             –           10             –              10             –            10
Cost of hedging reclassified and
reported in net profit                                   –             –             –          (19)            –             (19)            –           (19)
Currency translation differences1                        –             –             –         (213)            –            (213)            –          (213)
Remeasurements of post-employment
benefit obligations1                                     –             –             –            –         (587)           (587)             –         (587)
Remeasurements of long-term
employee-related provisions                              –             –             –            –            (9)             (9)            –            (9)
Total comprehensive income for the
year                                                     –             –             –        (620)        (7,531)         (8,151)            –         (8,151)
Capex hedging reclassified and
reported in property, plant and
equipment                                                –             –             –          (18)            –             (18)            –           (18)
Cost of share-based payments                             –             –             –            –           (10)            (10)            –           (10)
Vesting of share-based payment
schemes                                                  –             –           20             –          (22)              (2)            –            (2)
Share capital reduction                              (797)             –             –         797              –               –             –             –
Rights issue                                          298         2,443              –            –          (70)           2,671             –         2,671
December 31, 2020 restated1                           497         7,770          (40)       (2,420)       (4,203)          1,604              6         1,610
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




                                                                            195
                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                  195
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS
For the year to December 31, 2021


1     Background and general information
International Consolidated Airlines Group S.A. (hereinafter ‘International Airlines Group’, ‘IAG’ or the ‘Group’) is a leading European airline
group, formed to hold the interests of airline and ancillary operations. IAG is a Spanish company registered in Madrid and was incorporated
on December 17, 2009. On January 21, 2011 British Airways Plc and Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España S.A. Operadora (hereinafter ‘British
Airways’ and ‘Iberia’ respectively) completed a merger transaction becoming the first two airlines of the Group. Vueling Airlines S.A.
(‘Vueling’) was acquired on April 26, 2013, and Aer Lingus Group Plc (‘Aer Lingus’) on August 18, 2015. A list of the subsidiaries of the Group
is included in the Group investments section.
IAG shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange’s main market for listed securities and also on the stock exchanges of Madrid,
Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia (the ‘Spanish Stock Exchanges’), through the Spanish Stock Exchanges Interconnection System (Mercado
Continuo Español).

2      Significant accounting policies
Basis of preparation
The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
as endorsed by the European Union (IFRSs as endorsed by the EU). The consolidated financial statements are rounded to the nearest
million unless otherwise stated. These financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost convention except for certain financial
assets and liabilities, including derivative financial instruments and other equity investments that are measured at fair value. The carrying
value of recognised assets and liabilities that are subject to fair value hedges are adjusted to record changes in the fair values attributable to
the risks that are being hedged. The financial statements for the prior year include reclassifications that were made to conform to the
current year presentation.
The Group’s financial statements for the year to December 31, 2021 were authorised for issue, and approved by the Board of Directors on
February 24, 2022.
Presentation of results
The prior period Cash flow statement includes a reclassification to conform with the current period of presentation regarding the
settlement of foreign currency derivative financial instruments not designated in a hedge relationship, but entered into to mitigate foreign
exchange movements on long-term financial liabilities in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating companies holding
the liabilities. Accordingly, the Group has reclassified the results for the year ended December 31, 2020 to recognise €136 million of
derivative settlement cash inflows as Settlement of derivative financial instruments within cash flows from financing activities with a
corresponding increase in cash outflows within cash flows from operating activities.
Change in accounting policy
During 2021, the Group has changed its accounting policy with regard to the treatment of administration costs associated with British
Airways’ Airways Pension Scheme (APS) and the New Airways Pension Scheme (NAPS) defined benefit schemes, while remaining in
compliance with IAS 19. The change in policy has been adopted to better reflect the underlying management and operation of these
schemes. This change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively to the consolidated financial statements.
Previously a discounted estimate of future administration costs was included as part of the APS and NAPS defined benefit obligations.
These administration costs were recognised as a service cost in the year in which such costs arose and recorded within Other
comprehensive income. Under the updated accounting policy, administration costs are now recognised as incurred and included within
Employee costs in the Income statement. This change has had the effect of reducing the defined benefit obligation and increasing retained
earnings at both December 31, 2020 and January 1, 2020. It has in addition increased the charge to Employee costs and the Financing
credit relating to pensions in the Income statement, as well as increased the Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations and
Currency translation differences in the Statement of other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Further details of the accounting policy change are given in note 36.
Going concern
The economic uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic and the fragmented and varied responses from governments have had a significant
impact on the Group’s results and cash flows. At December 31, 2021, the Group had total liquidity of €11,986 million (December 31, 2020:
total liquidity of €8,054 million), comprising cash and interest-bearing deposits of €7,943 million, €2,917 million of committed and undrawn
general facilities and a further €1,126 million of committed and undrawn aircraft specific facilities.
The increase in liquidity during the year to December 31, 2021 was attributable to, amongst other actions, accessing €2.3 billion (£2.0 billion)
of the UK Export Finance (UKEF) Credit Facility, the issuance of fixed rate bonds of €1.2 billion, the issuance of a convertible bond of €0.8
billion, securing a multi-entity three-year Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of €1.5 billion ($1.8 billion), securing a €0.7 billion aircraft specific
facility achieved as part of an Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificate (EETC) financing structure and securing an additional UKEF Credit
Facility of €1.2 billion (£1.0 billion). These actions raised an additional €7.6 billion of liquidity. Of facilities in place at December 31, 2021, €0.7
billion matures by the end of the going concern period. A loan from the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF) of €150 million has limited
financial covenants, but otherwise the Group’s facilities do not have financial covenants. There are a number of non-financial covenants to
protect the position of the lenders, including restrictions on the upstreaming of cash to the Company or lending to other Group companies.
Despite the uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has continued to successfully secure financing arrangements for all aircraft
delivered in 2021.
In its assessment of going concern over the period to June 30, 2023 (the ‘going concern period’), the Group has modelled three scenarios
referred to below as the Base Case, the Downside Case and the Downside Lockdown Case. The Group’s three-year business plan, prepared
and approved by the Board in December 2021, was subsequently refreshed with the latest available internal and external information in
February 2022. This refreshed business plan supports the Base Case, which takes into account the Board’s and management’s views on the
anticipated impact of and recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s businesses across the going concern period. The key
inputs and assumptions underlying the Base Case include:



196     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 196
                                                                   2021
• As part of the recovery, the Group has assumed a gradual easing of travel restrictions, by geographical region, based on deployment of
  vaccines during the year. Travel restrictions, including testing and quarantine requirements, between countries are assumed to continue
  to be scaled back and removed;
• Capacity recovery modelled by geographical region (and in certain regions, by key destinations) with capacity gradually increasing from
  a reduction of 34 per cent in quarter 1 2022 (compared to the equivalent period in 2019) to pre-pandemic levels by the end of the going
  concern period with the average over the going concern period being 11 per cent down versus 2019;
• Passenger unit revenue per ASK, although forecast to continue to recover, is assumed to still remain below levels of 2019 by the end of
  the going concern period, which is based on, amongst other assumptions, a greater weighting of shorthaul versus longhaul, leisure versus
  business and economy versus premium compared to 2019. Specifically, the Group’s assumption is that traffic related to domestic and
  leisure will recover faster than longhaul and business;
• The Group has assumed that the committed and undrawn general facilities of €2.9 billion will not be drawn over the going concern
  period. The availability of certain of these facilities reduces over time, with €2.7 billion being available to the Group at the end of the going
  concern period;
• The Group has assumed that of the committed and undrawn aircraft specific facilities of €1.1 billion, €0.9 billion would be available to be
  drawn over the going concern period if required, but is not expected to be drawn;
• Of the capital commitments detailed in note 15, €4.3 billion is due to be paid over the going concern period of which the Group has
  committed aircraft financing of €0.6 billion, under the EETC financing structure, and the Group has further forecast securing 80 per cent,
  or €2.7 billion, of the aircraft financing required that is currently uncommitted, to align with the timing and payments for these aircraft
  deliveries. This loan to value assumption is below the level of financing the Group has been able to achieve recently, including over the
  course of the COVID-19 pandemic to date;
• The Group has assumed that the €0.5 billion convertible bond that matures in November 2022 will be refinanced.
The Downside Case applies stress to the Base Case to model a more prolonged downturn, with a more gradual recovery relative to the
Base Case. The Downside Case is representative of existing travel restrictions remaining in place and the gradual recovery of capacity being
delayed longer than in the Base Case. The Downside Case also models a more acute impact on the longhaul sector, with the domestic
sector and European shorthaul sectors recovering faster than longhaul. The result of which is that the levels of capacity assumed under the
Base Case are delayed by a quarter under the Downside Case and would reach those of the Base Case at the end of the Going Concern
period. In the Downside Case, over the going concern period capacity would be 17 per cent down on 2019. The Downside Case assumes
that there would be no drawing on either of the RCF and the UKEF credit facility. The Directors consider the Downside Case to be a severe
but plausible scenario.
In addition, the Group has sensitised the Downside Case to incorporate the occurrence of a two-month lockdown, and associated travel
restrictions, during the second quarter of 2022, a scenario referred to as the Downside Lockdown Case. The Downside Lockdown Case is
representative of the emergence of more virulent strains of COVID-19 and/or strains for which the efficacy of existing vaccines is reduced.
The Downside Lockdown Case assumes that there would be full drawing on both the RCF and the UKEF credit facility. Subsequent to this
lockdown, capacity is assumed to recover gradually over the going concern period and to only recover to the Base Case by the end of
2023. In this scenario, over the going concern period capacity would be 35 per cent down on 2019. Consistent with the Downside Case, the
Directors consider the Downside Lockdown Case to be an alternative severe but plausible scenario.
Under all three scenarios modelled, the Group’s limited financial covenants are forecast to be met.
The Group has modelled the impact of further deteriorations in capacity operated and yield, but also considered further mitigating actions,
such as reducing operating and capital expenditure. The Group expects to be able to continue to secure financing for future aircraft
deliveries and in addition has further potential mitigating actions, including asset disposals, it would pursue in the event of adverse liquidity
experience.
Having reviewed the Base Case, Downside Case, Downside Lockdown Case and additional sensitivities, the Directors have a reasonable
expectation that the Group has sufficient liquidity to continue in operational existence over the going concern period and hence continue to
adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year to December 31, 2021.
However, due to the uncertainty created by COVID-19, there are a number of significant factors that are outside of the control of the Group,
including: the status and impact of the pandemic worldwide; the emergence of new variants of the virus and potential resurgence of
existing strains of the virus; the speed at which vaccines are deployed worldwide; the efficacy of those vaccines; the availability of
medicines to combat the impact of the virus and the restrictions imposed by national governments in respect of the freedom of movement
and travel. The Directors, therefore, are not able to provide certainty that there could not be a more severe downside scenario than those
they have considered, including the sensitivities in relation to the timing of recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, capacity operated,
impact on yield, cost mitigations achieved and the availability of aircraft financing to offset capital expenditure. In the event that a more
severe scenario were to occur, the Group may need to secure sufficient additional funding. Sources of additional funding are expected to
include securing additional long-term financial facilities. However, the Group’s ability to obtain this additional funding in the event of a more
severe downside scenario represents a material uncertainty at February 24, 2022 that could cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern and therefore, to continue to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.
The consolidated financial statements for the year to December 31, 2021 do not include the adjustments that would result if the Group was
unable to continue as a going concern.




                                                                       197
                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           197
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2      Significant accounting policies continued
Consolidation
The Group financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, each made up to December 31,
together with the attributable share of results and reserves of associates and joint ventures, adjusted where appropriate to conform to the
Group’s accounting policies.
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of their acquisition, which is the date on which the Group obtains control and continue to be
consolidated until the date that such control ceases. Control exists when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration paid is the fair value of the assets
transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a
business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Non-controlling interests represent the portion of
profit or loss and net assets in subsidiaries that are not held by the Group and are presented separately within equity in the Consolidated
balance sheet. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date through the Income statement.
Goodwill is initially measured as the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the fair value of non-controlling interest
over the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
All intragroup account balances, including intragroup profits, are eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unconsolidated structured entities
The Group regularly uses sale and leaseback transactions to finance the acquisition of aircraft. In certain instances the Group will undertake
several such sale and leaseback transactions at once through Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificates (EETCs). Under each of these
financing structures, a company or companies (the EETC Issuer) are established to facilitate such financing on behalf of a number of
unrelated investors. In certain of these financing structures, additional special purpose vehicles (the Lessor SPV) are established to provide
additional financing from a number of further unrelated investors to the EETC Issuer. The proceeds from the issuance of the EETCs by the
EETC Issuer, and where relevant the proceeds obtained from the Lessor SPV, are then used to purchase aircraft solely from the Group. The
Group will then enter into lease arrangements (which meet the recognition criteria of Asset financed liabilities) with the EETC Issuer, or
where relevant the Lessor SPV, with payments made by the Group to the EETC Issuer, or the Lessor SPV, distributed, through a trust, to the
aforementioned unrelated investors. The main purpose of the trust structure is to enhance the credit-worthiness of the Group’s debt
obligations through certain bankruptcy protection provisions and liquidity facilities, and also to lower the Group’s total borrowing cost.
The EETC Issuer and the Lessor SPV are established solely with the purpose of providing the asset-backed financing and upon maturity of
such financing are expected to have no further activity. The relevant activities of the EETC Issuer and the Lessor SPV are restricted to pre-
established financing agreements and the retention of the title of the associated financed aircraft. Accordingly, the Group has determined
that each EETC Issuer and the Lessor SPVs are structured entities. Under the contractual terms of the financing structures, the Group has
no exposure to losses in these entities, does not own any of the share capital of the EETC Issuer or the Lessor SPV, does not have any
representation on the respective boards and has no ability to influence decision-making.
In considering the aforementioned facts, management has concluded that the Group does not have access to variable returns from the
EETC Issuers and Lessor SPVs because its involvement is limited to the payment of principal and interest under the arrangement and,
therefore, it does not control the EETC Issuers or the Lessor SPVs and as such does not consolidate them.
Segmental reporting
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with how resource allocation decisions are made by the chief operating decision-
maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for resource allocation and assessing performance of the operating
segments, has been identified as the IAG Management Committee.
Foreign currency translation
a     Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the functional currency, being the currency of
the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. In particular, British Airways and Avios have a functional currency of
pound sterling. The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in euros, which is the Group’s presentation currency.
b     Transactions and balances
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency using the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of the
transaction. Monetary foreign currency balances are translated into the functional currency at the rates ruling at the balance sheet date.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at balance sheet exchange
rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the Income statement, except where hedge
accounting is applied. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising on the retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities classified as non-
current on the Balance sheet are recognised within Net currency retranslation (charges)/credits in the Income statement. All other gains
and losses arising on the retranslation of monetary assets and liabilities are recognised in operating profit.
c     Group companies
The net assets of foreign operations are translated into euros at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Profits and losses of
such operations are translated into euros at average rates of exchange during the year. The resulting exchange differences are taken
directly to a separate component of equity (Currency translation reserve) until all or part of the interest is sold, when the relevant portion of
the cumulative exchange difference is recognised in the Income statement.




198     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 198
                                                                  2021
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is held at cost. The Group has a policy of not revaluing property, plant and equipment. Depreciation is
calculated to write off the cost less the estimated residual value on a straight-line basis, over the economic life of the asset. Residual values,
where applicable, are reviewed annually against prevailing market values for equivalently aged assets and depreciation rates adjusted
accordingly on a prospective basis.
a   Capitalisation of interest on progress payments
Interest attributed to progress payments made on account of aircraft and other qualifying assets under construction are capitalised and
added to the cost of the asset concerned. All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Income statement in the year in which they are
incurred.
b   Fleet
All aircraft are stated at the fair value of the consideration given after taking account of manufacturers’ credits. Fleet assets owned or right
of use (‘ROU’) assets are disaggregated into separate components and depreciated at rates calculated to write down the cost of each
component to the estimated residual value at the end of their planned operational lives (which is the shorter of their useful life or lease
term) on a straight-line basis. Depreciation rates are specific to aircraft type, based on the Group’s fleet plans, within overall parameters of
23 years and up to 5 per cent residual value for shorthaul aircraft and between 23 and 29 years (depending on aircraft) and up to 5 per cent
residual value for longhaul aircraft. Right of use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and the aforementioned
depreciation rates.
Cabin interior modifications, including those required for brand changes and relaunches, are depreciated over the lower of five years and
the remaining economic life of the aircraft.
Aircraft and engine spares acquired on the introduction or expansion of a fleet, as well as rotable spares purchased separately, are carried
as property, plant and equipment and generally depreciated in line with the fleet to which they relate.
Certain major overhaul expenditure, including replacement spares and labour costs, is capitalised and amortised over the average expected
life between major overhauls. All other replacement spares and other costs relating to maintenance of fleet assets (including maintenance
provided under ‘pay-as-you-go’ contracts) are charged to the Income statement on consumption or as incurred respectively.
c   Other property, plant and equipment
Provision is made for the depreciation of all property, plant and equipment. Property, with the exception of freehold land, is depreciated
over its expected useful life over periods not exceeding 50 years, or in the case of leasehold properties, over the duration of the lease if
shorter, on a straight-line basis. Equipment is depreciated over periods ranging from 4 to 20 years.
d   Leases
The Group leases various aircraft, properties, equipment and other assets. The lease terms of these assets are consistent with the
determined useful economic life of similar assets within property, plant and equipment.
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified tangible asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The Group has elected
not to apply such consideration where the contract relates to an intangible asset, in which case payments associated with the contract are
expensed as incurred.
Leases are recognised as a ROU asset and a corresponding lease liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the
Group.
Right of use assets
At the lease commencement date a ROU asset is measured at cost comprising the following: the amount of the initial measurement of the
lease liability; any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received; and any initial direct costs.
In addition, at the lease commencement date a ROU asset will incorporate unavoidable restoration costs to return the asset to its original
condition, for which a corresponding amount is recognised within Provisions. The ROU asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's
useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If ownership of the ROU asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or
the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.
Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are initially measured at their present value, which includes the following lease payments: fixed payments (including in-
substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable; variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; amounts
expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees; the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably
certain to exercise that option; payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option;
and payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. The interest rate implicit in the lease is the discount rate that,
at the inception of the lease, causes the aggregate present value of the minimum lease payments and the unguaranteed residual value to
be equal to the fair value of the leased asset and any initial indirect costs of the lessor. For aircraft leases these inputs are either observable
in the contract or readily available from external market data. The initial direct costs of the lessor are considered to be immaterial. If the
interest rate implicit in the lease cannot be determined, the Group entity’s incremental borrowing rate is used.
Each lease payment is allocated between the principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to the Income statement over the lease
period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability for each period. After the
commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
made.
The carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification of the lease contract, a re-assessment of the lease term
(specifically in regard to assumptions regarding extension and termination options) and changes in variable lease payments that are based
on an index or a rate.



                                                                       199
                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           199
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2      Significant accounting policies continued
The Group has elected not to recognise ROU assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and
those leases of low-value assets. Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
line basis as an expense in the Income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less, that do not contain a
purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.
The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease
liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is re-assessed
and adjusted against the ROU asset. Extension options are included in a number of aircraft, property and equipment leases across the
Group and are reflected in the lease payments where the Group is reasonably certain that it will exercise the option. The Group is also
exposed to variable lease payments based on usage or revenue generated over a defined period. Such variable lease payments are
expensed to the Income statement as incurred.
The Group regularly uses sale and lease transactions to finance the acquisition of aircraft. Each transaction is assessed as to whether it
meets the criteria within IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ for a sale to have occurred. If a sale has occurred, then the
associated asset is de-recognised and a ROU asset and lease liability are recognised. The ROU asset recognised is based on the proportion
of the previous carrying amount of the asset that is retained. Any gain or loss is restricted to the amount that relates to the rights that have
been transferred to the counter-party to the transaction. Where a sale has not occurred, the asset is retained on the balance sheet within
Property, plant and equipment and an asset financed liability recognised equal to the financing proceeds. The principal criteria for assessing
whether a sale has occurred or not, is whether the contract contains the option, at the discretion of the Group, to repurchase the aircraft
over the lease term; with the existence of such a repurchase option resulting in a sale having been deemed not to have occurred, and; if no
such repurchase option exists, then a sale is deemed to have occurred.
Cash flow presentation
Lease payments are presented as follows in the Consolidated cash flow statement: the proceeds received from sale and leaseback
transactions are presented within cash flows from investing activities; the repayments of the principal element of lease liabilities are
presented within cash flows from financing activities; the payments of the interest element of lease liabilities are included within cash flows
from operating activities; and the payments arising from variable elements of a lease, short-term leases and low-value assets are presented
within cash flows from operating activities.
COVID-19 related rent concessions
On May 28, 2020, the IASB issued ‘COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions – amendments to IFRS 16 Leases’. The EU subsequently adopted
the amendment on October 9, 2020. The amendment provides a practical expedient for lessees, up to June 30, 2021, not to assess whether
a COVID-19 related rent concession is a lease modification. On March 31, 2021, the IASB extended the period for the application of these
concessions through to June 30, 2022. The EU subsequently adopted the amendment on August 31, 2021. The extended amendment is
effective for annual reporting periods commencing on or after April 1, 2021 and the Group has elected to adopt this amendment for the year
to December 31, 2021.
Lessor accounting
From time to time the Group will lease, to third parties, specific assets, including certain property, plant and equipment. On inception of the
lease, the Group determines whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
In order to make this determination, the Group assesses whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership
to the lessee. Factors in making this assessment include, but are not limited to, whether the lease term is for the major part of the economic
life of the underlying asset and whether the underlying asset transfers to the lessee or the lessee has the option to purchase the underlying
asset at the end of the lease. Where substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred, then the lease is recorded
as a finance lease, otherwise it is recorded as an operating lease.
Intangible assets
a     Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures and represents the excess of the consideration paid over the
net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquiree. Where the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the
acquiree is in excess of the consideration paid, a gain on bargain purchase is recognised immediately in the Income statement.
For the purpose of assessing impairment, goodwill is grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows
(cash generating units). Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and whenever indicators exist that the carrying value may not be
recoverable.
b     Brands
Brands arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries are initially recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Long-established brands that are
expected to be used indefinitely are not amortised but assessed annually for impairment.
c     Customer loyalty programmes
Customer loyalty programmes arising on the acquisition of subsidiaries are initially recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. A
customer loyalty programme with an expected useful life is amortised over the expected remaining useful life. Established customer loyalty
programmes that are expected to be used indefinitely are not amortised but assessed annually for impairment.
d     Landing rights
Landing rights acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Landing rights acquired from other
airlines are capitalised at cost.
Capitalised landing rights based outside of the United Kingdom and the EU are amortised on a straight-line basis over a period not
exceeding 20 years. Capitalised landing rights based within the United Kingdom and the EU are not amortised, as regulations provide that
these landing rights are perpetual.



200     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts200
                                                                  2021
e   Contract-based intangibles
Contract-based intangibles acquired in a business combination are recognised initially at fair value at the acquisition date and amortised
over the remaining life of the contract.
f   Software
The cost to purchase or develop computer software that is separable from an item of related hardware is capitalised separately and
amortised on a straight-line basis generally over a period not exceeding five years, with certain specific software developments amortised
over a period of up to ten years.
g   Emissions allowances
Where an operating company purchases emissions allowances, such that it has a surplus of allowances when compared to the amount
required to discharge its obligations to the relevant authorities, these amounts are recognised at cost and recorded within Other intangible
assets. Emissions allowances recorded within Other intangible assets are not revalued or amortised but are tested for impairment whenever
indicators exist that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Where an operating company has a deficit of allowances compared to the
amount required to discharge its obligations to the relevant authorities, the Group recognises a provision for the outstanding amount,
measured at the market price of such an allowance at the reporting date.
From time to time the Group enters into sale and repurchase transactions for specified emission allowances. Such transactions do not meet
the recognition criteria of a sale under IFRS 15 and accordingly the asset is retained on the balance sheet within Intangible assets and an
Other financing liability recognised equal to the proceeds received.
Impairment of non-financial assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to
amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the value by which the asset’s carrying value exceeds its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less cost to sell and value-in-use. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that were
subject to an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.
a   Property, plant and equipment, including Right of use assets
The carrying value is reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable
and the cumulative impairment losses are shown as a reduction in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment.
b   Intangible assets
Intangible assets are held at cost and are either amortised on a straight-line basis over their economic life, or they are deemed to have an
indefinite economic life and are not amortised. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested annually for impairment or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
Investments in associates and joint ventures
An associate is an undertaking in which the Group has a long-term equity interest and over which it has the power to exercise significant
influence. Where the Group cannot exercise control over an entity in which it has a shareholding greater than 51 per cent, the equity interest
is treated as an associated undertaking.
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of
the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. The considerations made in determining significant influence or
joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, and initially recognised at cost. The Group’s
interest in the net assets of associates and joint ventures is included in Investments accounted for using the equity method in the Balance
sheet and its interest in their results is included in the Income statement, below operating result. The attributable results of those companies
acquired or disposed of during the year are included for the periods of ownership.
Financial instruments
a   Other equity investments
Other equity investments are non-derivative financial assets including listed and unlisted investments, excluding interests in associates and
joint ventures. On initial recognition, these equity investments are irrevocably designated as measured at fair value through Other
comprehensive income. They are subsequently measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in Other comprehensive
income with no recycling of these gains and losses to the Income statement when the investment is sold. Dividends received on other
equity investments are recognised in the Income statement.
The fair value of quoted investments is determined by reference to bid prices at the close of business on the balance sheet date. Where
there is no active market, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.
b   Interest-bearing deposits
Interest-bearing deposits, principally comprising funds held with banks and other financial institutions with contractual cash flows that are
solely payments of principal and interest, and held in order to collect contractual cash flows, are carried at amortised cost using the
effective interest method.




                                                                      201
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          201
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2      Significant accounting policies continued
c     Derivative and non-derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
Derivative financial instruments, comprising interest rate swap derivatives, foreign exchange derivatives and fuel hedging derivatives
(including options, swaps and forward contracts) are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and
are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. They are classified as financial instruments through the Income statement. The method of
recognising the resulting gain or loss arising from remeasurement depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging
instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged (as detailed below under cash flow hedges). The time value of options is
excluded from the designated hedging instrument and accounted for as a cost of hedging. Movements in the time value of options are
recognised in Other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects the Income statement.
When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group generally designates only the spot component of the forward
contract as the hedging instrument within a hedge relationship. Gains or losses arising on the change in fair value of the spot component
are recognised within Other comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The forward component of a forward
contract is not designated within a hedge relationship, with the associated gains and losses on the forward component recorded within
Other comprehensive income in the Cost of hedging reserve within equity until the underlying transaction affects the Income statement.
To manage foreign exchange movements on foreign currency revenues (denominated in US dollars, euros, Japanese yen and Chinese
yuan), certain non-derivative repayment instalments on foreign currency-denominated interest-bearing liabilities are designated as hedging
instruments within a hedge relationship. Revaluations arising from movements in foreign exchange rates are recorded within Other
comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve. Accumulated gains or losses within the cash flow hedge reserve are reclassified to
Passenger revenue in the same period as the forecast transaction occurs or when hedge accounting is discontinued when the forecast
transaction is no longer expected to occur.
When a derivative is designated as a hedging instrument and that instrument expires, is sold or is restructured, if the initial forecast
transaction is still expected to occur, any cumulative gain or loss remains in the cash flow hedge reserve until such time as the hedge item
impacts the Income statement. Where there is a change in the risk management objective, then hedge accounting is discontinued and the
associated cumulative gain or loss arising prior to the change in risk management objective remains in the cash flow hedge reserve until
such time as the underlying hedged item impacts the Income statement had the risk management objective continued to have been met.
Where a forecast transaction which was previously determined to be highly probable and for which hedge accounting applied, is no longer
expected to occur, hedge accounting is discontinued and the cumulative gain or loss in the cash flow hedge reserve is immediately
reclassified to the Income statement.
The Group enters into foreign currency derivative contracts, that are not designated in a hedge relationship, in order to mitigate foreign
exchange movements on financial liabilities designated in currencies other than the presentational currency of the Group, including but not
limited to, lease liabilities. Movements in the fair value of such derivatives are recognised in the Income statement in the period in which they
occur and are presented within Net currency retranslation (charges)/credits.
Exchange gains and losses on monetary investments are taken to the Income statement unless the item has been designated and is
assessed as an effective hedging instrument. Exchange gains and losses on non-monetary investments are reflected in equity.
d     Cash flow hedges
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as in a hedge relationship of a highly probable expected future
transaction are assessed for effectiveness and accordingly recorded in the Cash flow hedge reserve within equity.
Hedge effectiveness
Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments,
to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument. A hedging relationship qualifies for
hedge accounting if it meets all of the following effectiveness requirements: (i) there is ‘an economic relationship’ between the hedged item
and the hedging instrument; (ii) the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship;
and (iii) the hedge ratio is aligned with the requirements of the Group’s risk management strategy and in all instances is maintained at a
ratio of 1:1.
Sources of ineffectiveness include the following:
• In hedges of fuel purchases, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was originally
  estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the Group or the derivative counterparty;
• In hedges of foreign currency purchases, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction changes from what was
  originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the Group or the derivative counterparty; and
• In hedges of interest rate payments, ineffectiveness may arise if there are differences in the critical terms between the interest rate
  derivative instrument and the underlying hedged item, or if there are changes in the credit risk of the Group or the derivative
  counterparty.
Ineffectiveness is recorded within the Income statement as Realised/unrealised (losses)/gains on derivatives not qualifying for hedge
accounting and presented within Other non-operating charges.
Reclassification adjustments
Gains and losses accumulated in the Cash flow hedge reserve within equity are reclassified from the Cash flow hedge reserve when the
hedged item affects the Income statement as follows:
• Where the forecast hedged item results in the recognition of revenue or expenses within the Income statement (such as the purchase of
  jet fuel for which both fuel and the associated foreign currency derivatives are designated as the hedging instrument), the accumulated
  gains and losses recorded in both the cash flow hedge reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are reclassified and included in the
  Income statement within the same caption as the hedged item is presented. Such reclassification occurs in the same period as the
  hedged item is recognised;




202     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts202
                                                                  2021
• Where the forecast hedged item results in the recognition of a non-financial asset (such as the purchase of aircraft for which foreign
  currency derivatives are designated as the hedging instrument), the accumulated gains and losses recorded within both the cash flow
  hedge reserve and the cost of hedging reserve are included in the initial cost of the asset. These gains or losses are recorded in the
  Income statement as the non-financial asset affects the Income statement (which for aircraft is through Depreciation over the expected
  life of the aircraft); and
• Where the forecast hedged items results in the recognition of a financial asset or liability (such as variable rate debt for which interest
  rate swaps are designated as the hedging instrument), the accumulated gains and losses recorded within the cash flow hedge reserve
  are reclassified to Interest expense within the Income statement at the same time as the interest expense arises on the hedged item.
Further information on the risk management activities of the Group are given in note 28d.
e   Long-term borrowings
Long-term borrowings are recorded at amortised cost, including lease liabilities which contain interest rate swaps that are closely related to
the underlying financing and as such are not accounted for as an embedded derivative.
f   Convertible debt
Convertible bonds are classified as either compound financial instruments or hybrid financial instruments depending on the settlement
alternatives upon redemption. Where the bondholders exercise their equity conversion options and the Group has no alternative other than
to settle the convertible bonds into a fixed number of ordinary shares of the Company, then the bonds are classified as a compound
financial instrument. Where the Group has an alternative settlement mechanism to the convertible bonds that permits settlement in cash,
then the convertible instrument is classified as a hybrid financial instrument.
Convertible bonds that are classified as compound financial instruments consist of a liability and an equity component. At the date of issue,
the fair value of the liability component is estimated using the prevailing market interest rate for similar non-convertible debt, and is
subsequently recorded at an amortised cost basis using the effective interest method until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the
bonds, and is recognised within Long-term borrowings. The difference between the proceeds of issue of the convertible bond and the fair
value assigned to the liability component, representing the embedded option to convert the liability into equity of the Group, is included in
the equity portion of the convertible bond in Other reserves and is not subsequently remeasured. The interest expense on the liability
component is calculated by applying the effective interest rate for similar non-convertible debt to the liability component of the instrument.
The difference between this value and the interest paid is added to the carrying amount of the liability.
Convertible bonds that are classified as hybrid financial instruments consist only of a liability component recognised within Long-term
borrowings. At the date of issue, the entirety of the convertible bonds is accounted for at fair value with subsequent fair value gains or
losses recorded within Long-term borrowings. The fair value of such financial instruments is obtained from their respective quoted prices in
active markets, with the portion of the change in fair value attributable to changes in the credit risk of the convertible bonds recognised in
Other comprehensive income and the portion of the change in fair value attributable to market conditions recognised in the Income
statement within Finance costs.
Issue costs associated with compound financial instruments are apportioned between the liability and equity components of the
convertible bonds where appropriate based on their relative carrying values at the date of issue. The portion relating to the equity
component is charged directly against equity. Issue costs associated with hybrid financial instruments are expensed immediately to the
Income statement.
g   Impairment of financial assets
At each balance sheet date, the Group recognises provisions for expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost,
based on 12-month or lifetime losses depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. The
simplified approach, based on the calculation and recognition of lifetime expected credit losses, is applied to contracts that have a maturity
of one year or less, including trade receivables.
When determining whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and when estimating the expected
credit loss, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available. This includes both quantitative and
qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and informed credit assessment, including forward-looking
information. Such forward-looking information takes into consideration the forecast economic conditions expected to impact the
outstanding balances at the balance sheet date. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as
the customer having filed for liquidation.
h   Interest rate benchmark reform
In 2020 the Group adopted the amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 relating to the interest rate benchmark reform Phase 1, (‘Phase 1’) and in
2021 the Group has adopted the amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 relating to the interest rate benchmark reform
Phase 2, (‘Phase 2’).
The Phase 1 amendments provide temporary relief from applying certain hedge accounting requirements to hedging relationships directly
affected by IBOR reform. The reliefs have the effect that IBOR reform does not cause hedge accounting to terminate prior to contracts
being amended. Where transition to an alternative benchmark rate has taken place, the Group ceases to apply the Phase 1 amendments
and instead applies the Phase 2 amendments.
Hedge accounting
Where the Group continues to apply the Phase 1 amendments, the following reliefs are applied:
• when considering the highly probable requirement, the Group has assumed that those benchmark rates that need to be transitioned to
  an alternative benchmark rate, on which the Group’s hedged long-term borrowings are based, do not change as a result of IBOR reform;
• in assessing whether the hedge is expected to be highly effective on a forward-looking basis the Group has assumed that those
  benchmark rates that need to be transitioned to an alternative benchmark rate, on which the cash flows of the hedged long-term
  borrowings and the interest rate swaps that hedge them are based, are not altered by IBOR reform; and
• the Group has not recycled the cash flow hedge reserve relating to the period after the IBOR reform is expected to take effect.



                                                                     203
                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        203
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2      Significant accounting policies continued
When the Group ceases to apply the Phase 1 amendments, the Group amends its hedge designation to reflect changes which are required
by IBOR reform, but only to make one or more of the following changes:
• designating an alternative benchmark rate (contractually or non-contractually specified) as the hedged risk;
• amending the description of the hedged item, including the description of the designated portion of the cash flows being hedged; or
• amending the description of the hedging instrument.
The associated hedge documentation is updated to reflect these changes in designation by the end of the reporting period in which the
changes are made. Such amendments do not give rise to the hedge relationship being discontinued.
When the Group transitions to an alternative benchmark rate, the accumulated amounts within the cash flow hedge reserve are determined
to be based on the alternative benchmark rate and no reclassification adjustments are made from the cash flow hedge reserve to the
Income statement.
Long-term borrowings and lease liabilities
Phase 2 of the amendments requires that, for financial instruments measured using amortised cost measurement, changes to the basis for
determining the contractual cash flows required by interest rate benchmark reform are reflected by adjusting their effective interest rate
prospectively. No gain or loss is recognised upon transition to the new benchmark. The expedient is only applicable to direct changes that
are required by interest rate benchmark reform.
For lease liabilities where there is a change to the basis for determining the contractual cash flows, as a practical expedient the lease liability
is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a discount rate that reflects the change in the interest rate where the
change is required by IBOR reform.
Further information on the management of and uncertainty arising from interest rate reform is given in note 27i. No amounts have been
recorded in the current or prior periods as a result of these amendments.
Employee benefit plans
a     Pension obligations
The Group has both defined benefit and defined contribution plans. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group
pays fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund
does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior years.
Typically defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one
or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation.
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit pension plans is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of
future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior years. The benefit is discounted to determine
its present value, and the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the balance sheet date on AA-rated
corporate bonds of the appropriate currency that have durations approximating those of the Group’s obligations. The calculation is
performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the net obligation calculation results in an asset for the
Group, the recognition of an asset is limited to the present value of any future refunds, net of the relevant taxes, from the plan or reductions
in future contributions to the plan (‘the asset ceiling’). The fair value of the plan assets is based on market price information and, in the case
of quoted securities, is the published bid price. The fair value of insurance policies which exactly match the amount and timing of some or
all benefits payable under the scheme are deemed to be the present value of the related obligations. Longevity swaps are measured at their
fair value.
Current service costs are recognised within employee costs in the year in which they arise. Past service costs are recognised in the event of
a plan amendment or curtailment, or when the Group recognises related restructuring costs or severance obligations. The net interest is
calculated by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the period to the net defined
benefit liability or asset, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period as a result of
contributions and benefit payments. Net interest and other expenses related to the defined benefit plans are recognised in the Income
statement. Remeasurements, comprising IAS 19 gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling (excluding interest) and the return on plan
assets (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in Other comprehensive income. Remeasurements are not reclassified to the
Income statement in subsequent periods.
b     Severance obligations
Severance obligations are recognised when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement date, or whenever an
employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises a provision for severance payments when it
is demonstrably committed to either terminating the employment of current employees according to a detailed formal plan without
realistic possibility of withdrawal, or providing severance payments as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy.
Other employee benefits are recognised when there is deemed to be a present obligation.
Taxation
Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities,
based on tax rates and laws that are enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred income tax is recognised on all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
amounts in the financial statements, with the following exceptions:
• Where the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a
  business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
• In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries or associates, where the timing of the reversal of
  the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
  and

204     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts204
                                                                  2021
• Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
  deductible temporary differences, carried forward tax credits or tax losses can be utilised.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured on an undiscounted basis at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the
related asset is realised or liability is settled, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Income tax is charged or credited directly to equity if it relates to items that are credited or charged to equity. Otherwise income tax is
recognised in the Income statement.
Inventories
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Such cost is determined by the weighted average cost method.
Inventories include mainly aircraft spare parts, repairable aircraft engine parts and fuel.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand and deposits with any qualifying financial institution repayable on demand or maturing
within three months of the date of acquisition and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.
Share-based payments
The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based payment plans, under which the Group awards equity instruments of the
Group for services rendered by employees. The fair value of the share-based payment plans is measured at the date of grant using a
valuation model provided by external specialists. The resulting cost, as adjusted for the expected and actual level of vesting of the plan, is
charged to the Income statement over the period in which the options vest. At each balance sheet date before vesting, the cumulative
expense is calculated, representing the extent to which the vesting period has expired and management’s best estimate of the achievement
or otherwise of non-market conditions, and accordingly the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The movement in the
cumulative expense since the previous balance sheet date is recognised in the Income statement with a corresponding entry in equity.
Provisions
Provisions are made when an obligation exists for a present liability in respect of a past event and where the amount of the obligation can
be reliably estimated and where it is considered probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation.
Where it is not considered probable that there will be an outflow of economic resources required to settle the obligation, the Group does
not recognise a provision, but discloses the matter as a contingent liability. The Group assesses whether each matter is probable of there
being an outflow of economic resources to settle the obligation at each reporting date.
Employee leaving indemnities and other employee provisions are recorded for flight crew who, meeting certain conditions, have the option
of being placed on reserve or of taking early retirement. The Group is obligated to remunerate these employees until they reach the
statutory retirement age. The calculation is performed by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.
Other employee-related provisions are recognised for direct expenditures of business reorganisation such as severance payments
(restructuring provisions) where plans are sufficiently detailed and well advanced, and where appropriate communication to those affected
has been undertaken at the balance sheet date.
Restoration and handback provisions arising on inception of a lease are recognised as a provision with a corresponding amount recognised
as part of the ROU asset. Any subsequent change in estimation relating to such costs are reflected in the ROU asset. Maintenance and
handback provisions that occur through usage or through the passage of time are recognised as such activity occurs, with a corresponding
expense recorded in the Income statement. Any subsequent change in estimation are recognised in the Income statement.
The method for determining legal claims provisions is determined on a claim-by-claim basis. Where a claim includes a significant population
of items, the weighted average provision is estimated by determining all potential outcomes and the probability of their occurrence. Where
a claim relates to a single item, then the Group determines the associated provision by applying the most likely outcome giving
consideration to alternative outcomes. Where an individual claim is significant, the disclosure of quantitative information is restricted to the
extent that it does not prejudice the outcome of the claim. If the effect is material, expected future cash flows are discounted using a rate
that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the provision. Where discounting is used, the effect of unwinding the discount rate is
recognised as a finance cost in the Income statement.
Revenue recognition
Passenger revenue
The Group’s revenue primarily derives from transportation services for both passengers and cargo. Revenue is recognised when the
transportation service has been provided.
Passenger tickets are generally paid for in advance of transportation and are recognised, net of discounts, as Deferred revenue on ticket
sales in current liabilities until either the customer has flown or, for flexible tickets, when unused ticket revenue is recognised or the ticket
expires unused.
At the time of expected travel, revenue is recognised in relation to flexible tickets where a customer can reschedule the date of intended
travel, that are not expected to be used, a term referred to as ‘unused tickets’. This revenue is recognised based on the terms and
conditions of the ticket and analysis of historical experience. For these unused flexible tickets, revenue is recognised only when the risk
of a significant reversal of revenue is remote based on the terms and conditions of the ticket and analysis of historical experience. The
estimation regarding historical experience is updated at each reporting date.




                                                                        205
                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          205
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2     Significant accounting policies continued
Where a flight is cancelled, the passenger is entitled to either compensation, a refund, changing to an alternative flight or the receipt of a
voucher. Where compensation is issued to the customer, such payments are presented net within Passenger revenue against the original
ticket purchased. Where the Group provides a refund to a customer, Deferred revenue on ticket sales is reduced and no amount is
recorded within revenue. Where a voucher is issued it is retained within Deferred revenue on ticket sales until such time as it is redeemed
for a flight or it expires, at which time it is recorded within Passenger revenue. The Group also recognises revenue by estimating the amount
of vouchers that are not expected to be redeemed prior to expiry using analysis of historical experience. The estimation regarding historical
experience is updated at each reporting date. The amount of such revenue recognised is constrained, where necessary, such that the risk of
a significant reversal of revenue in the future is remote.
Payments received in relation to certain ancillary services regarding passenger transportation, such as change fees, are not considered to
be distinct from the performance obligation to provide the passenger flight. Payments relating to these ancillary services are recognised in
Deferred revenue on ticket sales in current liabilities until the customer has flown.
The Group considers whether it is an agent or a principal in relation to passenger transportation services by considering whether it has a
performance obligation to provide services to the customer or whether the obligation is to arrange for the services to be provided by a
third party. The Group acts as an agent where (i) it collects various taxes, duties and fees assessed on the sale of tickets to passengers and
remits these to the relevant taxing authorities; and (ii) where it provides interline services to airline partners outside of the Group.
Commissions earned in relation to agency services are recognised as revenue when the underlying goods or services have been transferred
to the customer. In all other instances, the Group considers it acts as the principal in relation to passenger transportation services.
Cargo revenue
The Group has identified a single performance obligation in relation to cargo services and the associated revenue is measured at its
standalone selling price and recognised on satisfaction of the performance obligation, which occurs on the fulfilment of the transportation
service.
Other revenue
The Group has identified several performance obligations in relation to services that give rise to revenue being recognised within Other
revenue. These services, their performance obligations and associated revenue recognition include:
• the provision of maintenance services and overhaul services for engines and airframes, where the Group is engaged to enhance an asset
  while the customer retains control of the asset. Accordingly, the performance obligations are satisfied, and revenue recognised, over
  time. The Group estimates the proportion of the contract completed at the reporting date and recognises revenue based on the
  percentage of completion of the contract;
• the provision of ground handling services, where the performance obligations are fulfilled when the services are provided, which occurs
  upon the provision of the service; and
• the provision of holiday and hotel services, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time as the customer receives the
  benefit of the service.
Customer loyalty programmes
The Group operates four loyalty programmes: the British Airways Executive Club, Iberia Plus, Vueling Club and the Aer Lingus Aer Club.
The customer loyalty programmes award travellers Avios to redeem for various rewards, primarily redemption travel, including flights,
hotels and car hire. Avios are also sold to commercial partners to use in loyalty activity.
Avios issuance
When issued, the standalone selling price of an Avios is recorded within Deferred revenue on ticket sales in current liabilities until the
customer redeems the Avios. The standalone selling price of Avios is based on the value of the awards for which the points could be
redeemed. The Group also recognises revenue associated with the proportion of Avios which are not expected to be redeemed, referred
to as ‘breakage’, based on the results of modelling using historical experiences up until the reporting date. The amount of such revenue
recognised is limited, where necessary, such that the risk of a significant reversal of revenue in the future is remote.
Where the issuance of Avios arises from travel on the Group’s airlines, the consideration received from the customer may differ to the
aggregation of the relative standalone selling prices. In such instances the allocation of the consideration to each performance obligation
is undertaken using a proportional basis using the relative standalone selling prices.
The Group has contractual arrangements with non-Group airlines and non-air partners for the issuance and redemption of Avios, for which
it has identified the following performance obligations:
Brand and marketing activities
For both air and non-air partners, the Group licenses the Avios and the airline brands for certain activities, such as the creation of co-
branded credit cards. In addition, the Group has certain contractual arrangements whereby it commits to provide marketing services to the
members of the loyalty schemes on behalf of those partners. For both the provision of brand and marketing services, the partner receives
benefits incremental to the issuance of Avios. The Group estimates the standalone selling price of the brand and marketing performance
obligations, using valuation techniques, by reference to the amount that a third party would be prepared to pay in an arm’s length
transaction for access to comparable brands for the period over which they use the brand. For brand services, as the Group considers
that the partner has the right to use the brand, revenue is recognised as the brand service is provided and not over time. For marketing
performance obligations, revenue is recognised as the marketing activities occur based on when the partner receives the benefit of
those services.
Upfront payments
Where a partner makes an upfront payment to the Group which does not relate to any specific performance obligation, then the Group
considers such payments as advance payments for future goods and services and the associated revenue is recognised as those goods
and services are provided, as detailed above. In such instances the payment is allocated across all of the performance obligations over the
contract term. The Group estimates the expected level of Avios to be issued over the contract term using experience, historical and
expected future trends, and allocates the payments to the relevant performance obligations accordingly. At each reporting date, the Group



206    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts206
                                                                 2021
updates its estimate of the number of Avios expected to be issued over the total contract term and recognises a cumulative catch-up
adjustment where necessary.
When a partner makes an upfront payment to the Group, the Group assesses whether such a payment is representative of a significant
financing event. Where a significant financing component is identified, the Group estimates a market rate of interest that an arm’s length
financial liability of similar size and tenor would yield. The Group recognises the imputed interest as a Finance expense in the Income
statement.
Other considerations
The Group considers whether it is an agent or a principal in relation to the loyalty services by considering whether it has a performance
obligation to provide services to the customer or whether the obligation is to arrange for the services to be provided by a third party. In
particular, the Group acts as an agent where customers redeem their Avios on interline partner flights outside of the Group, where the fees
payable to interline partner are presented net against the associated release of the Deferred revenue from ticket sales.
Exceptional items
Exceptional items are those that in management’s view need to be separately disclosed by virtue of their size or nature and where such
presentation is relevant to an understanding of the Group’s financial performance. While management has a defined list of items and a
quantitative threshold that would merit categorisation as exceptional that has been established through historical experience, the Group
retains the flexibility to add additional items should their size or nature merit such presentation. The classification of an item as exceptional
is approved by the Board, through the Audit and Compliance Committee.
The financial performance of the Group is monitored by the Management Committee and the Board on a pre-exceptional basis to enable
comparison to prior reporting periods as well as to other selected companies, but also for making strategic, financial and operational
decisions.
The exceptional items recorded in the Income statement include, but are not limited to, items such as significant settlement agreements
with the Group’s pension schemes; significant restructuring; the impact of business combination transactions that do not contribute to the
ongoing results of the Group; significant discontinuance of hedge accounting; legal settlements; individual significant tax transactions; and
the impact of the sale, disposal or impairment of an asset or investment in a business. Where exceptional items are separately disclosed, the
resultant tax impact is additionally separately disclosed. While certain exceptional items may cover more than a single reporting period,
such as significant restructuring events, they are non-recurring in nature.
Further information is given in the Alternative performance measures section.
Government grants
Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received. Loans provided and/or guaranteed
by governments that represent market rates of interest are recorded at the amount of the proceeds received and recognised within
Borrowings. Those loans provided and/or guaranteed by governments that represent below-market rates of interest are measured at
inception at their fair value and recognised within Borrowings, with the differential to the proceeds received recorded within Deferred
income and released to the relevant financial statement caption in the Income statement on a systematic basis. Grants that compensate the
Group for expenses incurred are recognised in the Income statement in the relevant financial statement caption on a systematic basis in the
periods in which the expenses are recognised.
Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements
The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. These judgements, estimates and associated assumptions
are based on historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results in the future
may differ from judgements and estimates upon which financial information has been prepared. These underlying assumptions are
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.
Estimates
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
within the next financial year are as follows:
a   Employee benefit obligations, employee leaving indemnities, other employee-related restructuring
At December 31, 2021 the Group recognised €1,775 million in respect of employee benefit assets (2020 restated: €334 million) and €285
million in respect of employee benefit obligations (2020 restated: €477 million). Further information on employee benefit obligations is
disclosed in note 32.
The cost of employee benefit obligations, employee leaving indemnities and other employee-related provisions is determined using the
valuation requirements of IAS 19. These valuations involve making assumptions about discount rates, expected rates of return on assets,
future salary increases, mortality rates and future pension increases. Due to the long-term nature of these schemes, such assumptions are
subject to significant uncertainty. The assumptions relating to these schemes are disclosed in note 32. The Group determines the
assumptions to be adopted in discussion with qualified actuaries. Any difference between these assumptions and the actual outcome will
impact future net assets and total comprehensive income. The sensitivity to changes in pension assumptions is disclosed in note 32.
Under the Group’s APS and NAPS defined benefit schemes, increases to pensions are based on the annual Government Pension Increase
(Review) Orders, which since 2011 have been based on the Consumer Prices Index (CPI). Additionally, in APS there is provision for the
Trustee to pay increases up to the level of the Retail Prices Index (RPI), subject to certain affordability tests. Historically market
expectations for RPI could be derived by comparing the prices of UK Government fixed-interest and index-linked gilts, with CPI assessed
by considering the Bank of England’s inflation target and comparison of the construction of the two inflation indices.




                                                                       207
                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          207
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


2      Significant accounting policies continued
In February 2019, following the UK House of Lords Economic Affairs Committee report on measuring inflation, the National Statistician
concluded that the existing methodology was unsatisfactory and proposed a number of options to the UK Statistics Authority (UKSA).
In March 2019, the UKSA recommended to the UK Chancellor of the Exchequer that the publication of the RPI cease at a point to be
determined in the future and in the intervening period, the RPI be addressed by bringing in the methods of the CPIH (a proposed variant to
CPI). In September 2019, the UK Chancellor of the Exchequer announced his intention to consult with the Bank of England and the UKSA on
whether to implement these proposed changes to RPI in the period of 2025 to 2030. Following consultation during 2020, on November 25,
2020 the UK Chancellor of the Exchequer and the UKSA confirmed that from February 2030 onwards CPIH will replace RPI with no
compensation to holders of index-linked gilts.
Following the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s announcement in September 2019 and through to December 31, 2021, market-implied
breakeven RPI inflation forward rates for periods after 2030 have reduced in the investment market. Therefore, in assessing RPI and CPI
from investment market data, allowance has been made for partial alignment between RPI and CPI from 2030 onwards.
b     Revenue recognition
At December 31, 2021 the Group recognised €6,552 million (2020: €5,130 million) in respect of deferred revenue on ticket sales of which
€2,820 million (2020: €2,725 million) related to customer loyalty programmes.
Passenger revenue is recognised when the transportation service is provided. At the time of transportation, revenue is also recognised in
respect of unused tickets and is estimated based on the terms and conditions of the tickets and historical experience. The Group considers
that there is no reasonably possible change to unused ticket assumptions that would have a material impact on Passenger revenue
recorded in the year.
Revenue associated with the issuance of Avios under customer loyalty programmes is based on the relative standalone selling prices of the
related performance obligations (brand, marketing and Avios), determined using estimation techniques. The transaction price of brand and
marketing services is determined using specific brand valuation methodologies. The transaction price of the points is based on the value of
the Avios for which the points can be redeemed and is reduced to take account of the proportion of Avios that are not expected to be
redeemed by customers.
The Group estimates the number of Avios not expected to be redeemed using modelling and historical experience. A five percentage point
increase in the assumption of Avios outstanding and not expected to be redeemed would result in an adjustment to Deferred revenue from
ticket sales of €100 million, with an offsetting adjustment to increase revenue and operating profit recognised in the year.
c     Income taxes
At December 31, 2021 the Group recognised €1,282 million in respect of deferred tax assets (2020: €1,075 million). Further information on
current and deferred tax is disclosed in note 10.
The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Estimates are required in determining the worldwide provision for income
taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it may be unclear how
tax law applies to a particular transaction or circumstance. Where the Group determines that it is more likely than not that the tax
authorities would accept the position taken in the tax return, amounts are recognised in the financial statements on that basis. Where the
amount of tax payable or recoverable is uncertain, the Group recognises a liability based on either: the Group’s judgement of the most likely
outcome; or, when there is a wide range of possible outcomes, a probability-weighted average approach.
The Group recognises deferred income tax assets only to the extent that it is probable that the taxable profit will be available against which
the deductible temporary differences, carried forward tax credits or tax losses can be utilised. Management uses judgement, including the
consideration of past and current operating performance and the future projections of performance laid out in the approved business plan
in order to assess the probability of recoverability.
In exercising this judgement, while there are no time restrictions on the utilisation of historic tax losses in the principal jurisdictions in which
the Group operates, future cash flow projections are forecast for a period of up to ten years from the balance sheet date, which represents
the period over which it is probable that future taxable profits will be available.
At December 31, 2021, the Group had unrecognised deferred tax assets of €2,458 million relating to tax losses the Group does not
reasonably expect to utilise. In applying the aforementioned judgement, had the Group extended the period of future cash flow projections
indefinitely, then the amount of unrecognised deferred tax assets would have reduced by €2,068 million.
d     Impairment of non-financial assets
At December 31, 2021 the Group recognised €2,439 million (2020: €2,390 million) in respect of intangible assets with an indefinite life,
including goodwill. Further information on these assets is included in note 17.
Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite economic lives are tested, as part of the cash generating units to which they relate, for
impairment annually and at other times when such indicators exist. The recoverable amounts of cash generating units have been
determined based on value-in-use calculations, which use a weighted average multi-scenario discounted cash flow model, which are then
compared to the carrying amount of the associated cash generating unit.
In determining the carrying value of each cash generating unit, the Group allocates all associated operating tangible and intangible assets,
including ROU assets. In addition the Group has allocated certain liabilities to the carrying value of each CGU where those liabilities are
critical to the underlying operations of the cash generating unit and in the event of a disposal of the cash generating unit would be required
to be transferred to the purchaser. Such liabilities include lease liabilities.
The Group has applied judgement in the weighting of each scenario in the discounted cash flow model and these calculations require the
use of estimates in the determination of key assumptions and sensitivities as disclosed in note 17.
The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each reporting date. When such indicators
are identified, then non-financial assets are tested for impairment.



208     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts208
                                                                  2021
e   Engineering and other aircraft costs
At December 31, 2021, the Group recognised €1,832 million in respect of maintenance, restoration and handback provisions (2020: €1,588
million). Information on movements on the provision is disclosed in note 26.
The Group has a number of contracts with service providers to replace or repair engine parts and for other maintenance checks. These
agreements are complex and generally cover a number of years. Provisions for maintenance, restoration and handback are made based on
the best estimate of the likely committed cash outflow. In determining this best estimate, the Group applies significant judgement as to the
level of forecast costs expected to be incurred when the aircraft is returned to the lessor. The assumptions of this significant judgement
include aircraft utilisation, expected maintenance intervals, future maintenance costs and the aircraft’s condition. The associated forecast
costs are discounted to their present value, the effect of which is not considered to be material. The Group considers that there is no
reasonably possible change to a single assumption that would have a material impact on the provisions, however a combination of changes
in multiple assumptions may.
Judgements
a   Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal and termination options
The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend
the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not
to be exercised. The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew
or terminate the lease. Such judgement includes consideration of fleet plans which underpin approved business plans and historical
experience regarding the extension of leases. After the commencement date, the Group re-assesses the lease term if there is a significant
event or change in circumstances that affects the Group’s ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate. Further
information is given in note 14.
New standards, amendments and interpretations
The following amendments and interpretations apply for the first time in 2021, but do not have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements of the Group:
• COVID-19 related rent concessions beyond June 30, 2021 – Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases; and
• Interest rate benchmark reform – Phase 2 – amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 effective for periods beginning
  on or after January 1, 2021.
The IASB and IFRIC have issued the following standards, amendments and interpretations with an effective date after the year end of these
financial statements which management believe could impact the Group in future periods. The Group has assessed of the impact of these
standards, amendments and interpretations and it is not expected that these will have a material effect on the reported income or net
assets of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the Group plans to adopt the following standards, interpretations and amendments on the
date they become mandatory:
• Property, plant and equipment: proceeds before intended use – amendments to IAS 16 effective for periods beginning on or after
  January 1, 2022;
• Reference to the Conceptual Framework – amendments to IFRS 3 effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022;
• Onerous contracts – cost of fulfilling a contract – amendments to IAS 37 effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022;
• Annual improvements to IFRS standards 2018–2020 – effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022;
• Classification of liabilities as current or non-current – amendments to IAS 1 effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023;
• Definition of accounting estimate – amendments to IAS 8 effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023;
• Disclosure of accounting policies – Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice statement 2 effective for periods beginning on or after
  January 1, 2023; and
• Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction – Amendments to IAS 12 effective for periods beginning
  on or after January 1, 2023.

3 Impact of COVID-19 on financial reporting
Significant transactions and accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements in the determination of the impact of COVID-19
As a result of COVID-19 the Group has experienced a significant decline in the level of flight activity and does not expect to return to the
level of 2019 activity until at least 2023. Accordingly, the Group has applied estimation and judgement in the evaluation of the impact of
COVID-19 regarding the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities within the Consolidated financial statements.
Accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements – cash flow forecast estimation
The Group has applied estimation and judgement in the evaluation of the impact of COVID-19 on the estimation uncertainty of determining
cash flow forecasts as part of the approved business plans. The details regarding the inputs and assumptions used in the determination of
these cash flow forecasts are given in the going concern basis of preparation.
The following critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements utilise these cash flow forecasts consistently, which are in some
instances significantly different from judgements applied in periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic:




                                                                       209
                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021           209
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


3 Impact of COVID-19 on financial reporting continued
a     Discontinuance of hedge accounting
In determining whether hedge accounting is required to be discontinued or to remain in a hedge relationship, judgement is required as to
whether a forecast transaction that was previously highly probable continues to be expected to occur or is no longer expected to occur.
The Group applied the capacity output from the cash flow forecasts as part of the approved business plans in order to determine the
forecast level of revenue generation and fuel consumption over the periods in which hedge accounting has been applied.
In the year to December 31, 2021, the Group recognised a credit of €159 million (2020: expense of €1,756 million) arising from a combination
of the discontinuance of hedge accounting in the year to December 31, 2021 and the fair value movement on those relationships where
hedge accounting was discontinued in the year to December 31, 2020, but for which the underlying hedging instrument had not matured at
January 1, 2021. This was represented by a credit of €162 million (2020: expense of €1,781 million) relating to fuel derivatives and an expense
of €8 million (2020: credit of €87 million) related to the associated fuel foreign currency derivatives. The credit to Passenger revenue of
€5 million (2020: charge of €62 million) relates to the discontinuation of hedge accounting of the associated foreign currency derivatives
on forecast revenue.
The Group’s risk management strategy has been to build up these hedges gradually over a three-year period when the level of forecast
passenger revenue and fuel consumption were higher than current expectations. Accordingly, the hedge accounting for these transactions
has been discontinued and the credit recognised in the Income statement. The credit relating to revenue derivatives and fuel derivatives
has been recorded in the Income statement within Passenger revenue and Fuel, oil and emission charges, respectively.
Further information is given in the Alternative performance measures section.
b     Long-term fleet plans and associated impairment
The Group derives long-term fleet plans from the cash flow forecasts arising from the approved business plans. In deriving the long-term
fleet plans, the Group applies judgement with respect to consideration of the period of temporary and permanent grounding of fleet assets,
the deferral of the delivery of certain aircraft and the assumptions around specific provisions relating to leased fleet assets.
During the year to December 31, 2021, the Group recognised impairment reversals of €21 million, represented by an amount of €14 million
relating to the reversal of aircraft impairment and an amount of €7 million relating to the reversal of engine impairment. The aircraft
impairment reversal relates to four Airbus A320 aircraft in Vueling, previously permanently stood down in the fourth quarter of 2020, being
stood up in the third quarter of 2021 following the successful slot allocation at Paris Orly and the resultant increased capacity. The engine
impairment reversal relates to certain engines which had been fully impaired during 2020 having been leased to a third party in the fourth
quarter of 2021. Of the impairment reversal, €9 million was recorded within Property, plant and equipment relating to owned aircraft and
€12 million was recorded within Right of use assets relating to leased aircraft.
In the year to December 31, 2020 the Group recognised an impairment charge of €856 million, represented by an impairment of fleet assets
of €837 million and an impairment of other assets of €19 million. The fleet impairment related to 82 aircraft, their associated engines and
rotable inventories that were stood down permanently and 2 further aircraft which were impaired down to their recoverable value at
December 31, 2020, which includes 32 Boeing 747 aircraft, 23 Airbus A320 aircraft, 15 Airbus A340 aircraft, 4 Airbus A330-200 aircraft,
2 Airbus A318 aircraft, 1 Airbus A321 aircraft, 1 Airbus A319 aircraft, 2 Boeing 777-200 aircraft and 4 Embraer E170 aircraft. Of the fleet
impairment, €676 million was recorded within Property, plant and equipment relating to owned aircraft and €161 million was recorded
within Right of use assets relating to leased aircraft.
Further information is given in the Alternative performance measures section, note 13 and note 14.
c     Impairment testing of the Group’s cash generating units
Due to the estimation uncertainty of the timing and duration of the recovery from COVID-19, the Group has adopted a weighted average
multi-scenario discounted cash flow model derived from the cash flow forecasts from the approved business plans. The Group exercises
judgement in determining the weighting between these scenarios in the value-in-use model.
Having undertaken this impairment testing, in the year to December 31, 2021, the Group has not recognised any impairment charge
(2020: €nil). While no impairment charge is arising, the headroom in the impairment test of the British Airways, Iberia and Aer Lingus cash
generating units are particularly sensitive to changes in key assumptions. Further information is given in note 17.
d     Recoverability of deferred tax assets
In determining the recoverable amounts of the Group’s deferred tax assets, the Group applied the future cash flow projections from the
approved business plans. Given the estimation uncertainty of the timing and duration of the recovery from COVID-19, the Group exercises
judgement in the determination of cash flows during this recovery and subsequent periods.
In exercising this judgement, while there are no time restrictions on the utilisation of historic tax losses in the principal jurisdictions in which
the Group operates, future cash flow projections are forecast for a period of up to ten years from the balance sheet date.




210     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 210
                                                                  2021
Accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements – other transactions
In addition to the estimation uncertainty relating to cash flow forecasts, the Group has applied the following accounting estimates,
assumptions and judgements that impact the consolidated financial statements:
e   Revenue recognition
Historically, where a voucher has been issued to a customer in the event of a flight cancellation, the Group estimated, based on historical
experience, the level of such vouchers not expected to be used prior to expiry and recognised revenue accordingly. Due to the significant
level of flight cancellations arising from COVID-19 there remains insufficient historical data by which to reliably estimate the amount of these
vouchers that will not be used prior to expiry and accordingly, the Group is unable to estimate with a sufficiently high degree of probability
that there will not be a significant reversal of revenue in the future. As such, consistent with the approach taken at December 31, 2020, the
Group does not recognise revenue arising from those vouchers issued due to COVID-19 related cancellations until either the voucher is
redeemed or it expires.
Revenue associated with the issuance of Avios under customer loyalty programmes is determined using estimation techniques, with the
transaction price based on the value for which the Avios can be redeemed and is reduced taking into consideration breakage. The Group
estimates breakage using modelling and historical experience. Due to the significant restrictions imposed on the ability of customers to
redeem Avios coupled with the disruption in the patterns of redemption caused by COVID-19, the Group considers that the trends
experienced since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic are not reflective of the long-term expected patterns of redemption, which the
Group considers will return to pre-COVID-19 levels in the future. Accordingly, consistent with the approach taken at December 31, 2020,
the Group has maintained breakage at the pre-COVID-19 levels.
Significant transactions as a result of COVID-19
The Group has recorded the following additional significant transactions as a result of management actions in response to COVID-19:
f   Loans and borrowings
To enhance liquidity due to the impact of COVID-19, the Group has entered into a number of financing arrangements during 2021, which
have been fully drawn unless otherwise stated, including:
• On February 22, 2021, British Airways entered into a 5-year term loan Export Development Guarantee Facility of €2.3 billion (£2.0 billion)
  underwritten by a syndicate of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. On November 1, 2021, British Airways
  entered into a further 5-year Export Development Guarantee Facility credit facility of €1.2 billion (£1.0 billion) underwritten by a syndicate
  of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. At December 31, 2021 no amounts had been drawn under the facility;
• On March 23, 2021, the Group entered into a three-year US dollar secured Revolving Credit Facility accessible by British Airways, Iberia
  and Aer Lingus. The amount available under the facility is $1.755 billion. As at December 31, 2021 no amounts had been drawn under the
  facility. Concurrent to entering into the facility, British Airways extinguished its US dollar secured Revolving Credit Facility due to mature
  in June 2021;
• On March 25, 2021, two senior unsecured bonds were issued by the Group for an aggregate principal amount of €1.2 billion; €500 million
  fixed rate 2.75 per cent due in 2025, and €700 million fixed rate 3.75 per cent due in 2029;
• On December 23, 2020, Aer Lingus entered into a financing arrangement with the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund for €75 million.
  On March 27, 2021, Aer Lingus entered into a further financing arrangement to extend the total amount to €150 million. The facility is
  repayable in 2023;
• On May 18, 2021, the Group issued an €825 million senior unsecured convertible bond due 2028 and bearing a fixed rate of 1.125 per cent;
  and
• In April 2021, British Airways fully repaid the Coronavirus Corporate Finance Facility of €350 million (£300 million), which was entered
  into in April 2020.
Further information is given in note 25.
g   Government assistance
Given the significant reduction in operations that have occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has availed itself of the various
employee support mechanisms in the jurisdictions in which it operates. This has led to an amount of €424 million being received directly
from governments (classified as government grants) and savings of €135 million (classified as government assistance) where employees
have been paid directly by their respective governments. Those amounts received in the form of government assistance have been
recorded net within Employee costs. Further information is given in note 34.
h   Defined benefit pension scheme contributions
On December 18, 2020 British Airways reached agreement with the Trustee of NAPS to defer deficit contributions on an interim basis for
the period between October 1, 2020 and January 31, 2021. The deferral of such contributions amounted to €165 million. On February 19,
2021 British Airways reached further agreement with the Trustee of NAPS to defer deficit contributions through to September 30, 2021.
The deferral of such contributions amounted to €330 million. Further information is given in note 32 on the deferral of contributions.
i   Renegotiation of Air Europa acquisition and subsequent termination
On November 4, 2019, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire the entire share capital of Air Europa for €1 billion, subject to receipt
of the approval by the European Commission. As a result of the impact COVID-19 has had on both the Group and Air Europa during 2020,
on January 19, 2021, the Group announced the execution of an amended agreement to acquire the entire share capital of Air Europa, which
resulted in the reduction of the purchase price to €500 million and deferred this payment until the sixth anniversary of the date of
completion of the acquisition conditional on the satisfactory negotiation between Iberia and Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales
or ‘SEPI’ (the Spanish state holding company that has a direct participation in Air Europa) regarding the non-financial terms associated with
the financial support provided by SEPI to Air Europa.
On December 16, 2021, the Group announced that Iberia and Globalia had terminated the agreement regarding the acquisition of the share
capital of Air Europa, with the Group paying €75 million. This payment is recorded in Other non-operating charges in the Income statement
and was settled prior to December 31, 2021 and recorded within Other investing movements within the Statement of cash flows.
Further information is given in the Alternative performance measures section.

                                                                       211
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          211
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


4 Impact of climate change on financial reporting
Significant transactions and critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements in the determination of the impact of climate
change
As a result of climate change the Group has designed and approved its Flightpath Net Zero climate strategy, which commits the Group to
net zero emissions by 2050. While approved business plans currently have a duration of three years, the Flightpath Net Zero climate
strategy impacts both the short, medium and long-term operations of the Group.
The details regarding the inputs and assumptions used in the determination of the Flightpath Net Zero climate strategy include, but are not
limited to, the following that are within the control of the Group:
• The additional cost of the Group’s commitment to increasing the level of Sustainable Aviation Fuels to ten per cent by 2030 and to fifty
  per cent by 2050;
• The cost of incurring an increase in the level of carbon offsetting and carbon capture schemes; and
• The impact of introducing more fuel-efficient aircraft and being able to operate these more efficiently.
In addition to these inputs and measures within the control of management, Flightpath Net Zero includes assumptions pertaining to
consumers, governments and regulators regarding the following:
• The impact on passenger demand for air travel as a result of both passenger trends regarding climate change and government policies;
• Investment and policy regarding the development of Sustainable Aviation Fuel production facilities;
• Investment and improvements in air traffic management;
• The price of carbon through the EU and UK Emissions Trading Schemes (ETS) and the UN Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for
  International Aviation (CORSIA); and
• Effective market-based policy measures in addition to the EU and UK ETS and CORSIA.
The level of uncertainty regarding the impact of these factors increases over time. Accordingly, the Group has applied critical estimation
and judgement in the evaluation of the impact of climate change regarding the recognition and measurement of assets and liabilities within
the financial statements.
Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements – cash flow forecast estimation
With the Flightpath Net Zero climate strategy assessing the impact over a long-term horizon to 2050, the level of estimation uncertainty in
the determination of cash flow forecasts increases over time. For those assets and liabilities, where their recoverability is dependent on
long-term cash flows, the following critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements, to the extent they can be reliably measured,
have been applied:
a     Long-term fleet plans and useful economic lives
The Group’s Flightpath Net Zero climate strategy has been developed in conjunction with the long-term fleet plans of each operating
company. This includes the annual assessment of useful lives and the residual values of each aircraft type.
During the course of 2020 as a result of the impact of COVID-19, the Group permanently stood down 82 aircraft, their associated engines
and rotable inventories. These permanently stood-down aircraft were older-generation aircraft, that were less fuel efficient, more carbon
intensive and more expensive to operate than more modern models.
With the permanent standing down of these aircraft, coupled with the future delivery of 110 fuel-efficient aircraft as detailed in note 15,
the Group considers the existing fleet assets align with the long-term fleet plans to achieve its Flightpath Net Zero strategy. All aircraft in
the fleet, and those due to be delivered in the future, have the capability to utilise SAF in their operations without impediment. Accordingly,
no impairment has arisen in the current or prior year as a result of the Group’s decarbonisation plans.
b     Impairment testing of the Group’s cash generating units
The Group applies discounted cash flow models, for each cash generating unit, derived from the cash flow forecasts from the approved
three-year business plans. The Group’s Flightpath Net Zero climate strategy is long-term in nature and includes commitments that will
occur at differing points over this time horizon. To the extent that certain of those commitments occur over the short-term, then they have
been incorporated into the three-year business plans.
The Group adjusts the final year of the three-year business plan to incorporate the impacts of climate change that the Group can reliably
estimate at the reporting date. However, given the long-term nature of the Group’s sustainability commitments, there are other aspects of
these commitments that cannot be reliably estimated at the reporting date and have been excluded from these adjustments. These
adjustments incorporate the increased utilisation of sustainable aviation fuel as well as price assumptions relating to sustainable aviation
fuels and the price of carbon (both ETS and CORSIA), which are derived from externally sourced prices. Where the Group considers such
costs will be recovered through increased passenger ticket fares, then a corresponding adjustment is made to increase passenger revenue.
As detailed in note 17, the Group applies a long-term growth rate to this adjusted three-year business plan, per CGU, and each of the long-
term growth rates include a specific adjustment to reduce the rate to reflect the Group’s assumptions regarding the reduced demand
impact arising from climate change. This demand impact is derived with reference to external market data.
Further, in preparing the impairment models, the Group cash flow projections are prepared on the basis of using the current fleet in its
current condition. The Group excludes the estimated cash flows expected to arise from future restructuring, assets not currently in use by
the Group and expected technological advancements in aircraft and other technologies not available at the reporting date. The Group
excludes potential future legislation/regulation regarding carbon pricing and/or alternative schemes not currently enacted, such as the
implementation of kerosene taxes.
Given the inherent uncertainty associated with the impact of climate change, the Group has applied additional sensitivities in note 17 to
reflect a more adverse impact of climate change than currently expected. This has been captured through both the downward sensitivities
of the long-term growth rates, ASKs, operating margins and the increased fuel price sensitivity.




212     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 212
                                                                  2021
c   Valuation of employee benefit scheme assets
The Group’s employee benefit schemes are principally represented by the British Airways APS and NAPS schemes in the UK. The schemes
are structured to make post-employment payments to members over the long term, with the Trustees having established both return-
seeking assets and liability-matching assets that mature over the long-term to align with the forecast benefit payments.
The assets of these schemes are invested predominantly in a diversified range of equities, bonds and property. The valuation of these assets
ranges from those with quoted prices in active markets, where prices are readily and regularly available, through to those where the
valuations are not based on observable market data, often requiring complex valuation models. The trustees of the schemes have
integrated climate change considerations into their long-term decision-making and reporting processes across all classes of assets, actively
engaging with all fund and portfolio managers to ensure that where unobservable inputs are required into valuation models, that such
valuation models incorporate long-term expectations regarding the impact of climate change.
d   Recoverability of deferred tax assets
In determining the recoverable amounts of the Group’s deferred tax assets, the Group applies the future cash flow projections for a period
of up to ten years derived from the approved three-year business plans. The Group applies a medium-term growth rate subsequent to the
three-year business plans, specific to each operating company. In considering the impact of the Group’s Flightpath Net Zero climate
strategy, management adjusts this medium-term growth rate, where applicable, to incorporate the impacts on both revenue and costs to
the Group.

5 Segment information
a   Business segments
The chief operating decision-maker is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, and has
been identified as the IAG Management Committee (IAG MC).
The Group has a number of entities which are managed as individual operating companies including airline and platform functions. Each
airline operates its network operations as a single business unit and the IAG MC assesses performance based on measures including
operating profit, and makes resource allocation decisions for the airlines based on network profitability, primarily by reference to the
passenger markets in which the companies operate. The objective in making resource allocation decisions is to optimise consolidated
financial results.
The Group has determined its operating segments based on the way that it treats its businesses and the manner in which resource
allocation decisions are made. British Airways, Iberia, Vueling and Aer Lingus have been identified for financial reporting purposes as
reportable operating segments. IAG Loyalty and LEVEL are also operating segments but do not exceed the quantitative thresholds to be
reportable and management has concluded that there are currently no other reasons why they should be separately disclosed.
The platform functions of the business primarily support the airline operations. These activities are not considered to be reportable
operating segments as they either earn revenues incidental to the activities of the Group and resource allocation decisions are made based
on the passenger business or are not reviewed regularly by the IAG MC and are included within Other Group companies.




                                                                    213
                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          213
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


5 Segment information continued
For the year to December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                2021
                                                                           British                                            Aer    Other Group
€ million                                                                 Airways           Iberia        Vueling          Lingus     companies1          Total
Revenue
Passenger revenue                                                          2,607            1,707            1,011           302             208         5,835
Cargo revenue                                                               1,268            333                –              65                  7     1,673
Other revenue                                                                 314            443                5               4             181         947
External revenue                                                            4,189          2,483            1,016             371            396         8,455
Inter-segment revenue                                                         129             301               –               5            370          805
Segment revenue                                                             4,318          2,784            1,016            376             766        9,260


Depreciation and amortisation charge                                       (1,104)          (350)           (240)            (140)            (81)       (1,915)
Impairment (charge)/reversal                                                 (30)               –              13               –                  –       (17)


Operating (loss)/profit                                                   (2,041)           (220)           (233)           (338)             67        (2,765)


Exceptional items2                                                             151             14             29                9                  2      205


Operating (loss)/profit before exceptional items                          (2,192)           (234)           (262)           (347)             65        (2,970)


Net non-operating costs4                                                                                                                                 (742)
Loss before tax                                                                                                                                         (3,507)
Total assets3                                                             20,891            6,919           2,671           1,820          2,105       34,406
Total liabilities                                                        (18,795)         (7,062)         (3,364)          (1,806)        (2,533)      (33,560)
1 Includes eliminations on total assets of €16,023 million and total liabilities of €5,833 million.
2 For details on exceptional items refer to the Alternative performance measures section.
3 Included within total assets associated with Other Group companies is €4,527 million of Cash and cash equivalents.
4 Includes €75 million of exceptional items relating to the Air Europa termination settlement payment. Refer to note 3i for further information.
For the year to December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                20201
                                                                           British                                                   Other Group
€ million                                                                 Airways           Iberia        Vueling       Aer Lingus    companies1          Total
Revenue
Passenger revenue                                                          3,242            1,148            577             376             169          5,512
Cargo revenue                                                                994             224                –              88                  –     1,306
Other revenue                                                                232             605                5               –            146           988
External revenue                                                           4,468            1,977            582             464             315         7,806
Inter-segment revenue                                                         90             282               (8)              3            343           710
Segment revenue                                                            4,558           2,259             574             467             658         8,516


Depreciation and amortisation charge                                       (1,214)          (370)           (277)            (133)           (84)       (2,078)
Impairment charge                                                           (445)           (242)            (68)             (24)           (98)         (877)


Operating loss                                                            (4,403)           (1,411)         (875)           (563)           (199)        (7,451)


Exceptional items 2                                                        (1,778)          (652)           (252)           (202)           (177)       (3,061)


Operating loss before exceptional items                                   (2,625)           (759)           (623)            (361)           (22)       (4,390)


Net non-operating costs                                                                                                                                   (376)
Loss before tax                                                                                                                                         (7,827)


Total assets3                                                              17,759          7,009           2,850             1,814           884        30,316
Total liabilities3                                                        (15,737)        (7,014)         (3,299)          (1,495)          (1,161)    (28,706)
1 Segment information for 2020 has been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes.
  Further information is given in note 2 and 36.
2 For details on exceptional items refer to the Alternative performance measures section.
3 Includes eliminations on total assets of €14,998 million and total liabilities of €5,100 million.




214     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 214
                                                                  2021
b    Geographical analysis
Revenue by area of original sale
                                                                                                                          Year to December 31
€ million                                                                                                                     2021          2020
UK                                                                                                                          2,435         2,390
Spain                                                                                                                        2,189           1,845
USA                                                                                                                            931            933
Rest of world                                                                                                               2,900         2,638
                                                                                                                            8,455         7,806

Assets by area
December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                          Property,
                                                                                                                              plant
                                                                                                                               and     Intangible
€ million                                                                                                                equipment         assets
UK                                                                                                                          11,544           1,317
Spain                                                                                                                       4,404            1,333
USA                                                                                                                             76             13
Rest of world                                                                                                                1,137            576
                                                                                                                             17,161       3,239

December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                          Property,
                                                                                                                              plant
                                                                                                                               and     Intangible
€ million                                                                                                                equipment         assets
UK                                                                                                                           11,313          1,251
Spain                                                                                                                       4,850            1,353
USA                                                                                                                            122              15
Rest of world                                                                                                                1,246            589
                                                                                                                             17,531       3,208


6 Expenses by nature
Operating result is arrived at after charging
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of non-current assets:
€ million                                                                                                                     2021           2020
Depreciation charge on right of use assets                                                                                   1,058           1,153
Depreciation charge on owned assets                                                                                           638             720
Impairment (reversal)/charge on owned property, plant and equipment                                                             (4)           681
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets                                                                               178            196
Impairment charge on right of use assets                                                                                        20             161
Depreciation charge on other leasehold assets                                                                                   42             44
                                                                                                                             1,932        2,955
Cost of inventories:
€ million                                                                                                                     2021           2020
Cost of inventories recognised as an expense, principally fuel                                                               1,038           1,405
Impairment charge on inventories1                                                                                                –              71
                                                                                                                             1,038           1,476
1 For details regarding the impairment charge on inventories refer to note 3b.




                                                                             215
                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     215
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


7 Auditor’s remuneration
 The fees for the year ended December 31, 2021, for audit and non-audit services provided by the auditor of the Group’s consolidated
financial statements and of certain individual financial statements of the consolidated companies, KPMG S.L. (2020: Ernst & Young S.L.), and
by companies belonging to KPMG’s network (2020: Ernst & Young’s network), were as follows:
€’000                                                                                                                               2021         2020
Fees payable for the audit of the Group and individual accounts                                                                   4,860          4,180
Fees payable for other services:
  Audit of the Group's subsidiaries pursuant to legislation                                                                         532              696
  Other services pursuant to legislation                                                                                            431              532
  Other services relating to taxation                                                                                                  –              30
  Other audit and assurance services                                                                                                569              350
  Services relating to working capital review                                                                                       776          1,036
  Services relating to corporate finance transactions                                                                                  –             370
  All other services                                                                                                                   –              55
                                                                                                                                  7,168         7,249

The fees payable to the Group’s auditor for the audit of the Group’s pension scheme during the year totalled €182 thousand.

8 Employee costs and numbers
€ million                                                                                                                           2021         2020
Wages and salaries                                                                                                                 2,135        2,236
Social security costs                                                                                                               307              385
Costs related to pension scheme benefits 1                                                                                          232              272
Share-based payment charge/(credit)                                                                                                  23               (8)
Other employee costs2                                                                                                               316              700
Total employee costs                                                                                                              3,013         3,585
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.
2 Other employee costs include allowances and accommodation for crew.

The number of employees during the year and at December 31 was as follows:
                                                                                        2021                                    2020
                                                                                         December 31, 2021                       December 31, 2020
                                                                         Average                                     Average
                                                                       number of      Number of      Percentage    number of   Number of    Percentage
                                                                      employees1      employees       of women     employees   employees     of women
In the air:
  Cabin crew                                                              9,304          17,865           70%         7,689      17,946              71%
  Pilots                                                                  3,879           7,607              6%       4,787       7,794              6%
On the ground:
  Airports                                                                6,728          12,842              37%       8,841     14,339              39%
  Corporate                                                                8,612         10,709              52%      7,954       11,246             48%
  Maintenance                                                             6,345           7,448              8%        5,153      6,410               7%
  Senior executives                                                          167             187             34%        196          193             30%
                                                                         35,035         56,658               42%     34,620      57,928
1 The average number of employees excludes those employees on furlough, wage support and equivalent schemes, including the Temporary Redundancy
  Plan arrangements in Spain. For further details see note 34. The total average number of employees including these schemes is 56,618.

The number of employees is based on actual headcount. The average manpower equivalent for 2021 was 50,222 (2020: 60,612), which
includes employees on furlough, wage support and equivalent schemes, including Temporary Redundancy Plan arrangements in Spain.




216     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 216
                                                                  2021
9 Finance costs, income and other non-operating (charges)/credits
a     Finance costs
€ million                                                                                                                                2021           2020
Interest expense on:
    Bank borrowings                                                                                                                      (133)           (45)
    Asset financed liabilities                                                                                                            (65)               (41)
    Lease liabilities                                                                                                                   (408)           (442)
    Provisions unwinding of discount                                                                                                      (12)               (14)
    Other borrowings                                                                                                                     (153)          (103)
Capitalised interest on progress payments                                                                                                   3                 8
Other finance costs                                                                                                                       (62)           (33)
                                                                                                                                        (830)           (670)

b     Finance income
€ million                                                                                                                                2021           2020
Interest on other interest-bearing deposits                                                                                                 5                 21
Other finance income                                                                                                                        8                20
                                                                                                                                           13                 41

c     Net financing (charge)/credit relating to pensions
€ million                                                                                                                                2021           20201
Net financing (charge)/credit relating to pensions                                                                                         (2)                12
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.

d     Other non-operating charges
€ million                                                                                                                                2021           2020
Gains on sale of property, plant and equipment and investments2                                                                            59                38
Credit related to equity investments (note 19)                                                                                               –                 1
Share of profits in investments accounted for using the equity method (note 18)                                                             2                  1
Realised gains/(losses) on derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting                                                                 37                (13)
Unrealised gains/(losses) on derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting                                                               47                (31)
Air Europa termination settlement payment1                                                                                                (75)                 –
                                                                                                                                           70                (4)
1 Refer to note 3i for further information in relation to the Air Europa termination settlement expense.
2 Includes a gain of €24 million arising from the disposal of Compañía Auxiliar al Cargo Exprés, S.A. and Auxiliar Logística Aeroportuaria, S.A. The Group
  previously owned 75 per cent of the share capital of these companies and disposed of them during the fourth quarter of 2021. The disposal led to the de-
  recognition of €12 million of net assets from the consolidated financial statements of the Group.




                                                                              217
                                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                  217
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


10 Tax
a     Tax credits/(charges)
Tax credits/(charges) recognised in the Income statement, Other comprehensive income and directly in equity:
                                                                    2021                                                        20201
                                                                  Other Recognised                                             Other Recognised
                                                Income    comprehensive  directly in                         Income    comprehensive  directly in
€ million                                    statement          income       equity            Total      statement          income       equity         Total
Current tax
Movement in respect of prior years                  10                 –             (1)          9               6                 –               –       6
Movement in respect of current
year                                                (9)                5             –           (4)           273                (17)              –    256
Total current tax                                     1                5             (1)          5            279                (17)              –    262


Deferred tax
Movement in respect of prior years                 (23)                –             –          (23)             (8)                –               –      (8)
Movement in respect of current
year                                               518             (420)             –           98            695               124               (2)    817
Rate change / rate differences                      78                61             –          139            (74)               44                –    (30)
Total deferred tax                                 573             (359)             –          214             613              168               (2)   779


Total tax                                         574              (354)             (1)        219            892                151              (2)   1,041
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.

The current tax credit in Other comprehensive income relates to the fair value movements on the convertible bond of €5 million (2020:
€nil) and cash flow hedges of €nil (2020: €17 million).
Tax recognised directly in equity relates to share-based payment schemes of €1 million (2020: €2 million).
Within tax in Other comprehensive income is a tax charge of €123 million (2020: tax credit of €92 million) that may be reclassified to the
Income statement and a tax charge of €231 million (2020: tax credit of €59 million) that will not.
b     Current tax (liability)/asset
€ million                                                                                                                                   2021         2020
Balance at January 1                                                                                                                         53            (6)
Income statement                                                                                                                               1         279
Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                     5          (17)
Recognised directly in equity                                                                                                                 (1)           –
Cash                                                                                                                                        (63)          (45)
Offset against other taxes1                                                                                                                    –         (152)
Exchange movements and other                                                                                                                   –           (6)
Balance at December 31                                                                                                                        (5)          53


Current tax asset                                                                                                                             16          101
Current tax liability                                                                                                                        (21)         (48)
Balance at December 31                                                                                                                        (5)          53
1 During 2020 the Group elected, in the UK, to carry back losses and apply them to the 2019 taxable profits. This led to a €152 million corporate tax
  overpayment in relation to 2019, which HMRC offset against deferred liabilities arising in relation to other taxes. No such offset arose in 2021.




218     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 218
                                                                  2021
c    Deferred tax asset/(liability)
                                                                        Employee                                            Tax loss
                                                                           leaving                                Share-     carried
                                             Right of                    indemniti    Employee     Fair value     based     forward           Other
                                     Fixed        use        Lease          es and      benefit        gains/   payment      and tax    temporary
€ million                           assets     assets     liabilities       others       plans1       losses2   schemes       credits   differences       Total
Balance at January 1, 2021           (589)      (248)             21          194         298            195         10       1,090            64       1,035
Income statement1                     106         67             (3)            9           (11)         (14)          1       408                 10     573
Other comprehensive
income1,3                                –          –              –           (9)        (237)         (133)         –          20                –     (359)
Recognised directly in
equity                                   –          –              –            –            –             –          –            –               –         –
Exchange movements and
other                                   6        (39)              1            2            12            9          –          55            (13)         33
Balance at December 31,
2021                                (477)      (220)             19          196            62           57           11      1,573                61    1,282


Balance at January 1, 2020           (732)      (195)            24           312          323           70          19         401            34         256
Income statement                       116       (76)            (2)        (120)            8             –         (6)       643             50          613
Other comprehensive
income2                                  –          –              –            3           (9)          118          –          56                –       168
Recognised directly in
equity                                   –          –              –            –            –             –         (2)           –               –        (2)
Exchange movements and
other                                  27         23              (1)           (1)        (24)            7          (1)       (10)          (20)           –
Balance at December 31,
2020                                 (589)      (248)             21          194          298           195         10       1,090            64        1,035
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.
2 Fair value gains/losses include both the Cash flow hedge reserve and the Cost of hedging reserve, of which the movement in relation to Other comprehensive
  income recognised in the Cash flow hedge reserve for 2021 was €142 million (refer to note 28d).
3 Movements in Other comprehensive income relating to post-employment benefit obligations increase the Group’s tax losses by €20 million (tax value) at
  December 31, 2021 and have therefore been disclosed as tax loss carried forward and tax credits in the above table.
€ million                                                                                                                                  2021          2020
Deferred tax asset                                                                                                                        1,282          1,075
Deferred tax liability                                                                                                                         –          (40)
Balance at December 31                                                                                                                    1,282          1,035

The deferred tax assets mainly arise in Spain and the UK and are expected to reverse beyond one year. Recognition of the deferred tax
assets is supported by the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities in corresponding periods, and projections of operating performance
laid out in the management approved business plans.
d    Reconciliation of the total tax charge in the Income statement
The tax (charge)/credit is calculated at the domestic rates applicable to proﬁts/(losses) in the country in which the profits/(losses) arise.
The tax credit on the loss for the year to December 31, 2021 (2020: loss) is lower (2020: lower) than the notional tax credit (2020: credit).
The differences are explained below:
€ million                                                                                                                                  2021          20202
Accounting loss before tax                                                                                                              (3,507)         (7,827)


Weighted average tax credit of the Group1                                                                                                  683           1,619
Unrecognised losses and deductible temporary differences arising in the year                                                              (193)          (342)
Disposal and write down of investments                                                                                                        8           (83)
Effect of tax rate changes                                                                                                                   78           (74)
Prior year tax assets recognised/(derecognised)                                                                                             44            (176)
Effect of lower tax rate in the Canary Islands                                                                                              (23)          (40)
Movement in respect of prior years                                                                                                          (13)            (2)
Non-deductible expenses                                                                                                                     (15)           (21)
Other items                                                                                                                                   5              11
Tax credit in the Income statement                                                                                                         574            892
1 The expected tax credit is calculated by aggregating the expected tax credits/(charges) arising in each company in the Group and changes each year as tax
  rates and profit mix change. The corporate tax rates for the Group's main countries of operation are Spain 25% (2020: 25%), the UK 19% (2020: 19%) and
  Ireland 12.5% (2020: 12.5%).
2 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.




                                                                               219
                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                219
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


10 Tax continued
e     Payroll-related taxes and UK Air Passenger Duty
The Group was also subject to other taxes paid during the year which are as follows:
€ million                                                                                                                    2021          2020
Payroll-related taxes                                                                                                         310          400
UK Air Passenger Duty                                                                                                        204            307
                                                                                                                              514           707

f     Factors that may affect future tax charges
Unrecognised deductible temporary differences and losses
€ million                                                                                                                    2021          2020
Income tax losses
Spanish corporate income tax losses                                                                                         1,993          848
Openskies SASU trading losses                                                                                                390           450
UK trading losses                                                                                                              72               39
Other tax losses                                                                                                                3                –
                                                                                                                           2,458           1,337


Other losses and temporary differences
Spanish deductible temporary differences                                                                                     648           1,287
UK capital losses                                                                                                             361          350
Irish capital losses                                                                                                           17               25
                                                                                                                            1,026         1,662

None of the unrecognised temporary differences have an expiry date. Further information with regard to the sensitivity of the recoverability
of deferred tax assets is given in note 2.
Unrecognised temporary differences – investment in subsidiaries and associates
No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of €617 million (2020: €547 million) of temporary differences relating to subsidiaries
and associates. The Group either controls the reversal of these temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the
foreseeable future or no tax consequences would arise from their reversal to a material extent.
Tax rate changes
On March 3, 2021 the UK Chancellor announced that legislation would be introduced in the Finance Bill 2021 to set the main rate of
corporation tax at 25 per cent from April 2023. On May 24, 2021 the Finance Bill was substantively enacted, which has led to the
remeasurement of deferred tax balances and will increase the Group's future current tax charge accordingly. As a result of the
remeasurement of deferred tax balances in UK entities, a credit of €78 million is recorded in the Income statement and a credit of
€61 million is recorded in Other comprehensive income.
On October 8, 2021 Ireland announced that it would increase the rate of corporation tax for certain multinational businesses to 15 per cent
with effect from 2023. This expected tax rate change has not been reflected in these results because it has not yet been substantively
enacted. The effect of the proposed rate change is not expected to be material over the period of the management approved business
plan.
Tax policy developments
The Group is monitoring the OECD’s proposed two-pillar solution to address the tax challenges arising from the digitalisation of the
economy. This proposed reform to the international tax system addresses the geographical allocation of profits for the purposes of
taxation, and is designed to ensure that multinational enterprises will be subject to a minimum 15 per cent effective tax rate. The new
framework is expected to be enacted in 2022, and effective from 2023. The implications for the Group will be determined when the relevant
legislation is available.
g     Tax-related contingent liabilities
The Group has certain contingent liabilities, across all taxes, which at December 31, 2021 amounted to €106 million (December 31, 2020:
€166 million). No material losses are likely to arise from such contingent liabilities. As such the Group does not consider it appropriate to
make a provision for these amounts. Included in the tax related contingent liabilities is the following:
Merger gain
Following tax audits covering the period 2011 to 2014, the Spanish Tax Authorities issued a corporate income tax assessment to the
Company regarding the merger in 2011 between British Airways and Iberia. The maximum exposure in this case is €95 million (December 31,
2020: €92 million), being the amount in the tax assessment with an estimate of the interest accrued on that assessment through to
December 31, 2021.
The Company appealed the assessment to the Tribunal Económico-Administrativo Central or ‘TEAC’ (Central Administrative Tax Tribunal).
On October 23, 2019 the TEAC ruled in favour of the Spanish Tax Authorities. The Company subsequently appealed this ruling to the
Audiencia Nacional (National High Court) on December 20, 2019, and on July 24, 2020 filed submissions in support of its case. The
Company does not expect a hearing at the National High Court until the second half of 2022 at the earliest.
The Company disputes the technical merits of the assessment and ruling of the TEAC, both in terms of whether a gain arose and in terms of
the quantum of any gain. The Company believes that it has strong arguments to support its appeals. The Company does not consider it
appropriate to make a provision for these amounts and accordingly has classified this matter as a contingent liability.



220     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts220
                                                                  2021
11 Earnings per share
€ million                                                                                                                                2021          20201
Losses attributable to equity holders of the parent for basic losses                                                                  (2,933)         (6,935)
Diluted losses attributable to equity holders of the parent and diluted losses per share                                              (2,933)         (6,935)


                                                                                                                                        2021           2020
                                                                                                                                      Number         Number
                                                                                                                                        ‘000           ‘0001
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue2                                                                              4,963,945       3,528,052
Weighted average number for diluted loss per share                                                                                4,963,945       3,528,052


€ cents                                                                                                                                  2021          20201
Basic loss per share                                                                                                                    (59.1)        (196.6)
Diluted loss per share                                                                                                                  (59.1)        (196.6)
1 Earnings per share information has been restated for the comparative period presented for the effects of the change in accounting policy in respect to
  pension administration costs (note 2).
2 In 2020, includes 734,657 thousand shares as the weighted average impact for 2,979,443 thousand new ordinary shares issued through the rights issue
  (note 29).

The effect of the assumed conversion of the IAG €500 million convertible bond 2022, the IAG €825 million convertible bond 2028 and
outstanding employee share schemes is antidilutive for the year to December 31, 2021, and therefore has not been included in the diluted
loss per share calculation.
The calculation of basic and diluted loss per share before exceptional items is included in the Alternative performance measures section.

12 Dividends
The Directors propose that no dividend be paid for the year to December 31, 2021 (2020: €nil). The dividend paid in the year to December
31, 2020 of €53 million relates to the withholding tax on the 2019 interim dividend, which was proposed in October 2019.
The future dividend capacity of the Group is dependent on the liquidity requirements and the distributable reserves of the Group’s main
operating companies and their capacity to pay dividends to the Company, together with the Company’s distributable reserves and liquidity.
Certain debt obligations place restrictions or conditions on the payment of dividends from the Group’s main operating companies to the
Company, including a loan to British Airways partially guaranteed by UKEF and loans to Iberia and Vueling partially guaranteed by the
Instituto de Crédito Oficial (ICO) in Spain; these loans can be repaid early without penalty at the election of each company. In Spain, Iberia
and Vueling are not permitted to make dividend payments in the reporting period in which they are in receipt of Expedientes de Regulación
Temporal de Empleo or ‘ERTE’ (Temporary Employment Regulation Records). British Airways agreed with the Trustee of its main UK
defined benefit pension scheme (NAPS) as part of an agreement to defer £450 million of contributions that no dividends will be paid to IAG
before 2024 and that any dividends paid to IAG from 2024 will trigger a pension contribution of 50 per cent of the amount of the dividend,
until the deferred pension contributions have been paid.




                                                                             221
                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 221
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


13 Property, plant and equipment
€ million                                                                                                  Fleet       Property      Equipment            Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                                              29,382            3,162           1,605         34,149
Additions                                                                                                 2,854              84              32          2,970
Modification of leases                                                                                        21              16              (1)              36
Disposals                                                                                                (3,878)            (95)           (50)        (4,023)
Reclassifications                                                                                            (4)              8              (4)                –
Exchange movements                                                                                       (1,439)           (193)            (81)         (1,713)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                                                            26,936            2,982           1,501          31,419
Additions                                                                                                   709              38              37               784
Modification of leases                                                                                      236              (2)           (26)               208
Disposals                                                                                               (3,035)             (74)           (135)       (3,244)
Reclassifications                                                                                            (4)               –              (1)              (5)
Transfers to Non-current assets held for sale (note 16)                                                      (111)             –              –               (111)
Exchange movements                                                                                        1,265              181             74          1,520
December 31, 2021                                                                                       25,996            3,125          1,450          30,571
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                                               12,707           1,249           1,025          14,981
Depreciation charge for the year1                                                                         1,659             165              93           1,917
Impairment charge for the year1                                                                             820                –             22               842
Disposals                                                                                                (2,886)            (52)           (44)         (2,982)
Exchange movements                                                                                         (729)           (80)             (61)          (870)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                                                              11,571          1,282           1,035         13,888
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                          1,500             154             84           1,738
Impairment (reversal)/charge for the year1                                                                    (3)             19              –                16
Disposals                                                                                                (2,699)            (63)           (105)       (2,867)
Modification of leases                                                                                         –               –            (14)              (14)
Transfers to Non-current assets held for sale (note 16)                                                      (91)              –              –               (91)
Exchange movements                                                                                          602               81             57           740
December 31, 2021                                                                                       10,880            1,473          1,057          13,410
1 For details regarding the impairment reversal on fleet assets refer to note 3 and the Alternative performance measures section. For details regarding the
  operating segment in which the impairment charges arose, refer to note 5. In 2021, certain of the impairments recorded in 2020, that arose from the
  permanent grounding of specific fleet assets, were reversed. In addition, certain fleet assets in 2020 were impaired down to their fair value, which was
  determined based on independent appraisals of their market value.

Net book values
December 31, 2021                                                                                         15,116          1,652            393           17,161
December 31, 2020                                                                                        15,365           1,700            466           17,531


Analysis at December 31, 2021
Owned                                                                                                     5,736             916            330          6,982
Right of use assets (note 14)                                                                             8,626            640               37         9,303
Progress payments                                                                                           748              96              26           870
Assets not in current use                                                                                      6               –              –                 6
Property, plant and equipment                                                                             15,116          1,652            393           17,161
Analysis at December 31, 2020
Owned                                                                                                     5,457            920             382           6,759
Right of use assets (note 14)                                                                             9,124            695               56          9,875
Progress payments                                                                                           710              85              28               823
Assets not in current use                                                                                    74                –              –                74
Property, plant and equipment                                                                            15,365           1,700            466           17,531




222     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts222
                                                                 2021
The net book value of property comprises:
€ million                                                                                                                                   2021           2020
Freehold                                                                                                                                   495             485
Right of use assets (note 14)                                                                                                              640             695
Long leasehold improvements >50 years                                                                                                        311           297
Short leasehold improvements <50 years                                                                                                     206              223
Property                                                                                                                                  1,652           1,700

At December 31, 2021, bank and other loans of the Group are secured on owned fleet assets with a net book value of €3,081 million
(2020: €2,794 million).

14 Leases
a    Amounts recognised in the Consolidated balance sheet
Property, plant and equipment includes the following amounts relating to right of use assets:
€ million                                                                                                   Fleet       Property     Equipment             Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                                               13,854             882             123          14,859
Additions                                                                                                  1,194             58                1          1,253
Modifications of leases                                                                                       21              16              (1)               36
Disposals                                                                                                    (77)             (6)           (22)           (105)
Reclassifications1                                                                                         (389)               –               3          (386)
Exchange movements                                                                                         (595)            (57)              (5)         (657)
December 31, 2020                                                                                        14,008             893              99         15,000
Additions                                                                                                   240               15               –           255
Modification of leases                                                                                      236               (2)           (26)           208
Disposals                                                                                                    (72)            (12)             (1)           (85)
Reclassifications1                                                                                         (759)               –               –          (759)
Exchange movements                                                                                          565              55                2           622
December 31, 2021                                                                                         14,218            949              74          15,241
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                                                4,108             108              55           4,271
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                           1,035            103               15           1,153
Impairment charge for the year2                                                                              161               –               –                161
Disposals                                                                                                    (53)             (5)           (22)            (80)
Reclassifications1                                                                                          (166)              –             (3)           (169)
Exchange movements                                                                                          (201)             (8)             (2)           (211)
December 31, 2020                                                                                         4,884              198             43           5,125
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                            963              87                8          1,058
Impairment charge for the year2                                                                                4              16               –                20
Disposals                                                                                                    (71)             (4)             (1)           (76)
Modification of leases                                                                                         –               –             (14)           (14)
Reclassifications1                                                                                         (394)               –               –          (394)
Exchange movements                                                                                          206               12               1            219
December 31, 2021                                                                                         5,592             309              37          5,938


Net book value
December 31, 2021                                                                                         8,626            640               37          9,303
December 31, 2020                                                                                          9,124            695              56          9,875
1 Amounts with a net book value of €365 million (2020: €217 million) were reclassified from ROU assets to Owned Property, plant and equipment at the
  cessation of the respective leases. The assets reclassified relate to leases with purchase options that were grandfathered as ROU assets upon transition to
  IFRS 16, for which the Group had been depreciating over the expected useful life of the aircraft, incorporating the purchase option.
2 For details regarding the impairment charge on fleet assets refer to the Alternative performance measures section.




                                                                              223
                                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                     223
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


14 Leases continued
Interest-bearing long-term borrowings includes the following amount relating to lease liabilities:
€ million                                                                                                                  2021          2020
January 1                                                                                                               10,024         11,046
Additions                                                                                                                   310          1,179
Modifications of leases                                                                                                    208             20
Repayments                                                                                                               (1,855)        (1,919)
Interest expense                                                                                                           400           442
Disposals                                                                                                                    (8)            –
Exchange movements                                                                                                         558          (744)
December 31                                                                                                               9,637        10,024


Current                                                                                                                    1,521        1,560
Non-current                                                                                                                8,116       8,464

b     Amounts recognised in the Consolidated income statement
€ million                                                                                                                  2021          2020
Amounts not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
Variable lease payments                                                                                                        1             1
Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                                                       26            42
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                              –             –
Amounts expensed as a result of the recognition of ROU assets and lease liabilities
Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                                                      400           442
Gain arising from sale and leaseback transactions                                                                            (6)          (10)
Depreciation charge for the year                                                                                          1,058          1,153
Impairment charge for the year                                                                                               20            161

During 2020 the IASB issued ‘COVID-19 related rent concessions – amendment to IFRS 16 Leases’ to provide a practical expedient to
lessees from applying IFRS 16 guidance on lease modification accounting for rent concessions for those lease modifications arising as a
direct result of COVID-19. During 2021, the IASB extended the period for the application of the practical expedient.
The Group has applied this practical expedient to all such modifications in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The net
impact on the Income statement for 2021 has been a credit of €8 million (2020: credit of €2 million) reflecting the changes to lease
payments that arose from such concessions.
c     Amounts recognised in the Consolidated cash flow statement
The Group had total cash outflows for leases of €1,912 million in 2021 (2020: €1,997 million).
The Group had total cash inflows associated with sale and leaseback transactions of €213 million in 2021 (2020: €898 million).
The Group is exposed to future cash outflows (on an undiscounted basis) as at December 31, 2021, for which no amount has been
recognised in relation to leases not yet commenced to which the Group is committed, of €nil (2020: €183 million).
d     Maturity profile of the lease liabilities
The maturity profile of the lease liabilities is disclosed in note 27f.
e     Extension options
The Group has certain leases which contain extension options exercisable by the Group prior to the non-cancellable contract period. Where
practicable, the Group seeks to include extension options in new leases to provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease
commencement whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options.
The Group is exposed to future cash outflows (on an undiscounted basis) as at December 31, 2021, for which no amount has been
recognised, for potential extension options of €795 million (2020: €998 million) due to it not being reasonably certain that these leases will
be extended.




224     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts224
                                                                 2021
f   Lessor accounting
The Group leases out certain of its property, plant and equipment. The Group has classified those leases that transfer substantially all of the
risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee as finance leases and those leases that do not transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards
of ownership to the lessee as operating leases.
Operating leases
Rental income from operating leases recognised by the Group in 2021 was €nil (2020: €nil). Rental income is recorded within Property, IT
and other within the Income statement.
The following table sets out a maturity analysis of operating lease receipts, showing the undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the
reporting date:
€ million                                                                                                                   2021         2020
Within one year                                                                                                               4              –
One to two years                                                                                                              5              –
Two to five years                                                                                                             2              –
More than five years                                                                                                           –             –
Total                                                                                                                         11             –


15 Capital expenditure commitments
Capital expenditure authorised and contracted for but not provided for in the accounts amounts to €10,911 million (December 31, 2020:
€10,545 million). The majority of capital expenditure commitments are denominated in US dollars, and as such are subject to changes in
exchange rates.
The outstanding commitments include €10,813 million for the acquisition of 22 Airbus A320s (from 2022 to 2025), 34 Airbus A321s (from
2022 to 2024), 26 Airbus A350s (from 2022 to 2025), 18 Boeing 777-9s (from 2025 to 2027) and 10 Boeing 787s (from 2022 to 2024). The
Group has certain rights to cancel commitments in the event of significant delays to aircraft deliveries caused by the aircraft manufacturers.
No such rights had been exercised as at December 31, 2021.

16 Non-current assets held for sale
The non-current assets held for sale of €20 million represent three Airbus A321-200 aircraft. No gain or loss was recognised on classification
as non-current assets held for sale. These aircraft are presented within the Aer Lingus segment and will exit the business within 12 months of
December 31, 2021.




                                                                      225
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        225
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


17 Intangible assets and impairment review
a     Intangible assets
                                                                                       Customer
                                                                                         loyalty         Landing
€ million                                                Goodwill          Brand    programmes             rights1     Software           Other            Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020                                   598             451             253            1,616          1,376            282           4,576
Additions                                                       –               –               –               –            141              51            192
Disposals                                                       –               –               –               –            (18)           (121)          (139)
Reclassifications                                               –               –               –               –            43             (46)             (3)
Exchange movements                                             (5)              –               –             (61)          (68)              (5)          (139)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                 593             451             253           1,555           1,474             161         4,487
Additions                                                       –               –               –               –            149             34             183
Disposals                                                       –               –               –              (6)           (19)           (49)            (74)
Exchange movements                                              3               –               –             56             70                3            132
December 31, 2021                                            596             451            253           1,605           1,674             149          4,728
Amortisation and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020                                   249                –               –             115            710             60            1,134
Amortisation charge for the year                                –               –               –               6            151               4             161
Impairment charge for the year                                  –               –               –              15            20                –             35
Disposals                                                       –               –               –               –             (7)              –             (7)
Exchange movements                                              –               –               –             (4)           (38)              (2)           (44)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                 249                –               –            132            836              62           1,279
Amortisation charge for the year                                –               –               –               6            167               5            178
Disposals                                                       –               –               –               –            (13)              –            (13)
Exchange movements                                              –               –               –               4            42               (1)            45
December 31, 2021                                            249                –               –            142          1,032              66           1,489
Net book values
December 31, 2021                                            347             451            253            1,463            642              83          3,239
December 31, 2020                                            344             451             253           1,423            638              99          3,208
1 The net book value includes non-UK and non-EU based landing rights of €75 million (2020: €81 million) that have a definite life. The remaining average life of
  these landing rights is 14 years.




226     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts226
                                                                 2021
b   Impairment review
The carrying amounts of intangible assets with indefinite life and goodwill allocated to cash generating units (CGUs) of the Group are:
                                                                                                                      Customer
                                                                                           Landing                      loyalty
€ million                                                                    Goodwill        rights        Brand   programmes             Total
2021
Iberia
January 1 and December 31, 2021                                                    –          423           306              –            729


British Airways
January 1, 2021                                                                   44          763              –             –            807
Disposals                                                                          –            (6)            –             –              (6)
Exchange movements                                                                 3            52             –             –              55
December 31, 2021                                                                 47          809              –             –            856


Vueling
January 1 and December 31, 2021                                                   28           94            35              –             157


Aer Lingus
January 1 and December 31, 2021                                                  272            62           110             –            444


IAG Loyalty
January 1 and December 31, 2021                                                    –             –             –          253             253


December 31, 2021                                                               347          1,388          451           253         2,439


                                                                                                                      Customer
                                                                                           Landing                      loyalty
€ million                                                                    Goodwill        rights        Brand   programmes             Total
2020
Iberia
January 1 and December 31, 2020                                                     –         423           306              –            729


British Airways
January 1, 2020                                                                   49           816             –             –            865
Exchange movements                                                                 (5)         (53)            –             –            (58)
December 31, 2020                                                                 44          763              –             –            807


Vueling
January 1 and December 31, 2020                                                   28            94           35              –             157


Aer Lingus
January 1 and December 31, 2020                                                  272            62           110             –            444


IAG Loyalty
January 1 and December 31, 2020                                                     –             –            –           253            253


Other CGUs
January 1, 2020                                                                     –            12            –             –              12
Impairment charge for the year                                                      –          (12)            –             –             (12)
January 1 and December 31, 2020                                                     –             –            –             –               –


December 31, 2020                                                                344         1,342           451           253        2,390




                                                                    227
                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          227
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


17 Intangible assets and impairment review continued
Basis for calculating recoverable amount
The recoverable amounts of Group’s CGUs have been measured based on their value-in-use, which utilises a weighted average multi-
scenario discounted cash flow model. The details of these scenarios are given in the going concern section of note 2, with a weighting of 70
per cent to the base case, 20 per cent to the downside case and 10 per cent to the downside lockdown case. Cash flow projections are
based on the business plans approved by the relevant operating companies covering a three-year period. Cash flows extrapolated beyond
the three-year period are projected to increase based on long-term growth rates. Cash flow projections are discounted using each CGU’s
pre-tax discount rate.
Annually the relevant operating companies prepare and approve three-year business plans, and the Board approved the Group three-year
business plan in the fourth quarter of the year. Adjustments have been made to the terminal year of the business plan cash flows to
incorporate the impacts of climate change that the Group can reliably estimate at the reporting date. However, given the long-term nature
of the Group’s sustainability commitments, there are other aspects of these commitments that cannot be reliably estimated and
accordingly have been excluded from the value-in-use calculations (refer to note 4). The business plan cash flows used in the value-in-use
calculations also reflect all restructuring of the business where relevant that has been approved by the Board and which can be executed
by management under existing agreements.
Key assumptions
The value-in-use calculations for each CGU reflected the increased risks arising from COVID-19, including updated projected cash flows for
the decreased activity from 2022 through to the end of 2024 and an increase in the pre-tax discount rates to incorporate increased equity
market volatility. For each of the Group’s CGUs the key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations are as follows:
                                                                                                                2021
                                                                                     British
Per cent                                                                            Airways          Iberia       Vueling     Aer Lingus    IAG Loyalty
Operating margin1                                                                      3–13          2–12            2–11          0–14         22–24
ASKs as a proportion of 20191,2                                                     75–103        77–100          97–119         84–115            n/a
Long-term growth rate                                                                   1.9             1.7            1.6           1.7            1.6
Pre-tax discount rate                                                                   11.8          11.4             11.1         10.1          12.0


                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                     British
Per cent                                                                            Airways          Iberia       Vueling     Aer Lingus    IAG Loyalty
Operating margin1                                                                  (20)–16          (12)–11      (22)–12        (14) –13        25–27
ASKs as a proportion of 20191,2                                                      45–95         49–98         46–107         40–100             n/a
Long-term growth rate                                                                    2.1           2.0             1.8           1.9           2.0
Pre-tax discount rate                                                                   11.2           11.6            11.5         10.4           10.3
1 Operating margin and ASKs as a proportion of 2019 are both stated as the weighted average derived from the multi-scenario discounted cash flow model.
2 In prior periods the Group applied the average ASK growth per annum as a key assumption. Given the impact of COVID-19, the Group has presented ASKs as
  a proportion of the level of ASKs achieved in 2019, prior to the application of the terminal value calculation.
                                                                                                  Within 12                                 3 years and
Jet fuel price ($ per MT)                                                                          months        1-2 years     2-3 years     thereafter
2021                                                                                                  690            673            659           659
2020                                                                                                  373            420           449            449

Forecast ASKs reflect the range of ASKs as a percentage of the 2019 actual ASKs over the forecast period, based on planned network
growth and taking into account management’s expectation of the market.
The long-term growth rate is calculated for each CGU based on the forecast weighted average exposure in each primary market using
gross domestic product (GDP) (source: Oxford Economics). The terminal value cash flows and long term growth rate incorporate the
impacts of climate change insofar as they can be determined (note 4). The airlines’ network plans are reviewed annually as part of the
Business plan and reflect management’s plans in response to specific market risk or opportunity.
Pre-tax discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to each CGU, taking into consideration the time value
of money and underlying risks of its primary market. The discount rate calculation is based on the circumstances of the airline industry, the
Group and the CGU. It is derived from the weighted average cost of capital (WACC). The WACC takes into consideration both debt and
equity available to airlines. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by airline investors and the cost of debt is
derived from both market data and the Group’s existing debt structure. CGU-specific risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors
which are evaluated annually based on available market data. The pre-tax discount rate reflects the timing of future tax flows.
Jet fuel price assumptions are derived from forward price curves in the fourth quarter of each year and sourced externally. The cash flow
forecasts reflect these price increases after taking into consideration of level of fuel derivatives and their associated prices that the Group
has in place.




228    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts228
                                                                2021
Summary of results
At December 31, 2021 management reviewed the recoverable amount of each of the CGUs and concluded the recoverable amounts
exceeded the carrying values.
Reasonable possible changes in key assumptions, both individually and in combination, have been considered for each CGU, where
applicable, which include reducing the operating margin by 2 percentage points in each year, ASKs by 5 per cent in each year, long-term
growth rates in the terminal value calculation to zero, increasing pre-tax discount rates by 2.5 percentage points, changing the weighting of
the base case and the downside case to be 100 per cent weighted towards the downside lockdown case, and increasing the fuel price by
40 per cent with no assumed cost recovery. Given the inherent uncertainty associated with the impact of climate change, these sensitivities
represent a reasonably possible greater impact of climate change on the CGUs than that included in the impairment models.
For the British Airways, Iberia, Vueling and Aer Lingus CGUs, while the recoverable amounts are estimated to exceed the carrying amounts
by €3,402 million, €2,166 million, €2,271 million and €1,614 million, respectively, the recoverable amounts would be below the carrying
amounts when applying reasonable possible changes in assumptions in each of the following scenarios:
• British Airways: (i) if ASKs had been five per cent lower combined with a fuel price increase of 4 per cent; (ii) if ASKs had been five per
  cent lower combined with a reduction of the long-term growth rate to 1.3 per cent; (iii) if operating margin had been two percentage
  points lower; and (iv) if the fuel price had been 11 per cent higher;
• Iberia: (i) if ASKs had been five per cent lower combined with a fuel price increase of 15 per cent; and (ii) if the fuel price had been
  21 per cent higher;
• Vueling: (i) if ASKs had been five per cent lower combined with a fuel price increase of 32 per cent; and (ii) if the fuel price had been
  39 per cent higher; and
• Aer Lingus: (i) if ASKs had been five per cent lower combined with a fuel price increase of 23 per cent; and (ii) if the fuel price had been
  31 per cent higher.
For the remainder of the reasonable possible changes in key assumptions applied to the British Airways, Iberia and Aer Lingus CGUs and
for all the reasonable possible changes in key assumptions applied to the remaining CGUs, no impairment arises.
For impairment charges, and impairment reversals, recognised in relation to landing rights and fleet assets stood down permanently at
December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, refer to note 3 and the Alternative performance measures section.

18 Investments
a   Investments in subsidiaries
The Group’s subsidiaries at December 31, 2021 are listed in the Group investments section.
All subsidiary undertakings are included in the consolidation. The proportion of the voting rights in the subsidiary undertakings held directly
do not differ from the proportion of ordinary shares held. There have been no significant changes in ownership interests of subsidiaries
during the year.
The total non-controlling interest at December 31, 2021 is €6 million (2020: €6 million).
British Airways Employee Benefit Trustee (Jersey) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of British Airways, governs the British Airways Plc
Employee Share Ownership Trust (the Trust). The Trust is not a legal subsidiary of IAG; however, it is consolidated within the Group results.
b   Investments in associates and joint ventures
The share of assets, liabilities, revenue and profit of the Group’s associates and joint ventures, which are included in the Group’s financial
statements, are as follows:
€ million                                                                                                                     2021          2020
Total assets                                                                                                                   115               73
Total liabilities                                                                                                              (85)          (50)
Revenue                                                                                                                        64                22
Profit for the year                                                                                                              2                1

The detail of the movement in Investment in associates and joint ventures is shown as follows:
€ million                                                                                                                     2021          2020
At beginning of year                                                                                                            29               31
Additions                                                                                                                        9                –
Share of retained profits                                                                                                        2                1
Dividends received                                                                                                              (1)              (3)
Exchange movements                                                                                                               1                –
                                                                                                                               40                29

At December 31, 2021 there are no restrictions on the ability of associates or joint ventures to transfer funds to the parent and there are no
related contingent liabilities.
At both December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 the investment in Sociedad Conjunta para la Emisión y Gestión de Medios de Pago EFC,
S.A. exceeded 50 per cent ownership by the Group (50.5 per cent). The entity is treated as a joint venture as decisions regarding its
strategy and operations require the unanimous consent of the parties who share control, including IAG.




                                                                       229
                                                                      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         229
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


19 Other equity investments
Other equity investments include the following:
€ million                                                                                                                 2021          2020
Unlisted securities                                                                                                         31             29
                                                                                                                            31             29

The credit relating to other equity investments was €nil (2020: €1 million).

20 Trade and other receivables
€ million                                                                                                                 2021          2020
Amounts falling due within one year
Trade receivables                                                                                                         850             682
Provision for expected credit loss                                                                                        (115)         (125)
Net trade receivables                                                                                                      735            557
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                            764             596
Other non-trade receivables                                                                                                196            196
                                                                                                                         1,695         1,349
Amounts falling due after one year
Prepayments and accrued income                                                                                            248             226
Other non-trade receivables                                                                                                  2              2
                                                                                                                          250             228

Movements in the provision for expected credit loss were as follows:
€ million                                                                                                                 2021          2020
At beginning of year                                                                                                       125            113
Provided during the year                                                                                                     8             18
Released during the year                                                                                                    (11)           (2)
Receivables written off during the year                                                                                    (10)            (1)
Exchange movements                                                                                                           3             (3)
                                                                                                                            115           125

Trade receivables are generally non-interest-bearing and on 30 days terms (2020: 30 days).
The credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables is set out below:
December 31, 2021
€ million                                                                      Current    <30 days   30-180 days   180-365 days    > 365 days
Trade receivables                                                                498          132            94             10            116
Expected credit loss rate                                                       0.2%         0.1%          1.1%         20.0%         95.7%
Provision for expected credit loss                                                   1          –              1             2             111

December 31, 2020
€ million                                                                      Current    <30 days   30-180 days   180-365 days    > 365 days
Trade receivables                                                                345           114           88              11           124
Expected credit loss rate                                                       0.9%         0.2%           1.1%        72.7%          91.1%
Provision for expected credit loss                                                  3           –              1             8            113


21 Cash, cash equivalents and other current interest-bearing deposits
€ million                                                                                                                 2021          2020
Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                                2,569          1,882
Short-term deposits maturing within three months                                                                         5,323         3,892
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                7,892         5,774
Current interest-bearing deposits maturing after three months                                                               51            143
Cash, cash equivalents and other interest-bearing deposits                                                              7,943          5,917

Cash at bank is primarily held in AAA money market funds and bank deposits. Short-term deposits are for periods up to three months and
earn interest based on the floating deposit rates.
At December 31, 2021 the Group had no outstanding bank overdrafts (2020: nil).
Current interest-bearing deposits have maturities in excess of three months and typically within 12 months of the reporting date and earn
interest based on the market rates available at the time the deposit was made.
At December 31, 2021 Aer Lingus held €35 million of restricted cash (2020: €38 million) within interest-bearing deposits maturing after
more than three months to be used for employee-related obligations.



230    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts230
                                                                 2021
a    Net debt
Movements in net debt were as follows:
                                                                       Balance at                                     New leases                      Balance at
                                                                        January 1,                     Exchange                and                  December 31,
€ million                                                                   2021       Cash flows     movements      modifications   Other items           2021
Bank, other loans, asset financed liabilities and other
financing liabilities                                                      5,655           4,033              261               –             24          9,973
Lease liabilities                                                         10,024           (1,481)           559              518              17         9,637
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 (5,774)          (1,913)          (205)               –               –        (7,892)
Current interest-bearing deposits                                            (143)             91                1              –               –            (51)
                                                                           9,762             730             616              518              41         11,667

                                                                       Balance at                                     New leases                      Balance at
                                                                        January 1,                     Exchange                and                  December 31,
€ million                                                                   2020       Cash flows     movements      modifications   Other items           2020
Bank, other loans and asset financed liabilities                           3,208           2,589            (227)               –             85           5,655
Lease liabilities                                                          11,046          (1,536)          (726)            1,179             61        10,024
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 (4,062)         (1,940)            228                –               –         (5,774)
Current interest-bearing deposits                                          (2,621)         2,366               112              –               –           (143)
                                                                            7,571           1,479           (613)            1,179           146           9,762


22 Trade and other payables
€ million                                                                                                                                    2021           2020
Trade creditors1                                                                                                                           2,068            1,609
Other creditors                                                                                                                              898             679
Other taxation and social security                                                                                                            176             149
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                                                 570             373
                                                                                                                                            3,712           2,810
1 Trade creditors includes €89 million (2020: €55 million) due to suppliers that have signed up to supply chain financing programmes offered by a number of
  partner financial institutions. Under these programmes either or both: (i) the suppliers can elect on an invoice-by-invoice basis to receive a discounted early
  payment from the partner financial institutions rather than being paid in line with the agreed payment terms; and/or (ii) the Group elects on an invoice-by-
  invoice basis for the partner financial institution to pay the supplier in line with the agreed payment terms and the Group enters into payment terms with the
  partner financial institution of up to 150 days with interest incurred at rates between 1.5 per cent and 3.0 per cent.

The Group assesses the arrangement against indicators to assess if liabilities which suppliers have transferred to the partner financial
institutions under the supplier financing programmes continue to meet the definition of trade creditors or should be classified as
borrowings. The cash flows arising from such arrangements are reported within cash flows from operating activities or within cash flows
from financing activities, in the Consolidated cash flow statement, depending on whether the associated liabilities meet the definition of
trade creditors or as borrowings.
At December 31, 2021 these liabilities met these criteria of Trade creditors and are excluded from the Net debt table in note 21a.
Average payment days to suppliers – Spanish Group companies
Days                                                                                                                                         2021           2020
Average payment days for payment to suppliers                                                                                                  34              43
Ratio of transactions paid                                                                                                                     32              36
Ratio of transactions outstanding for payment                                                                                                  78             135


€ million                                                                                                                                    2021           2020
Total payments made                                                                                                                        3,945           3,694
Total payments outstanding                                                                                                                    147            293




                                                                               231
                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                   231
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


23 Deferred revenue on ticket sales
                                                                                                                   Customer         Sales in
                                                                                                                     loyalty     advance of
€ million                                                                                                       programmes         carriage            Total
Balance at January 1, 2021                                                                                             2,725          2,405          5,130
Revenue recognised in the Income statement1, 2                                                                         (524)         (6,518)        (7,042)
Financing charge recognised in the Income statement                                                                       37               –             37
Loyalty points issued to customers                                                                                      407              40            447
Cash received from customers3, 4                                                                                            –         7,689          7,689
Exchange movements                                                                                                       175             116            291
Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                                          2,820           3,732          6,552
Analysis:
Current                                                                                                                2,429          3,732           6,161
Non-current                                                                                                              391               –            391
                                                                                                                      2,820           3,732          6,552


                                                                                                                   Customer         Sales in
                                                                                                                     loyalty     advance of
€ million                                                                                                       programmes         carriage            Total
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                                                              1,917         3,569          5,486
Changes in estimates                                                                                                        –            291            291
Revenue recognised in the Income statement1, 2                                                                         (260)         (6,032)        (6,292)
Loyalty points issued to customers                                                                                       361               8           369
Cash received from customers3, 4                                                                                        850           4,714          5,564
Exchange movements                                                                                                      (143)          (145)          (288)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                                                                           2,725          2,405           5,130
Analysis:
Current                                                                                                                2,252          2,405          4,657
Non-current                                                                                                             473                –           473
                                                                                                                       2,725          2,405           5,130
1 Where the Group acts as an agent in the provision of redemption products and services to customers through loyalty programmes, or in the provision of
  interline flights to passengers, revenue is recognised in the Income statement net of the related costs.
2 Included within revenue recognised in the Income statement during 2021 is an amount of €780 million previously held as deferred revenue at January 1, 2021
  (recognised during 2020 previously held as deferred revenue at January 1, 2020: €2,006 million).
3 Included within cash received from customers at December 31, 2021 is an amount of €nil (December 31, 2020: €830 million) received from American Express
  upon signing of the multi-year commercial partnership renewal with IAG Loyalty and which unwinds over the duration of the contract term as the associated
  performance obligations are fulfilled.
4 Cash received from customers is net of refunds.

The unsatisfied performance obligation under the Group’s customer loyalty programmes that is classified as non-current was €391 million at
December 31, 2021. Of this amount, €279 million is expected to be recognised as revenue in 1 to 5 years from the reporting date and €112
million thereafter.
Deferred revenue relating to customer loyalty programmes consists primarily of revenue allocated to performance obligations associated
with Avios. Avios are issued by the Group's airlines through their loyalty programmes, or are sold to third parties such as credit card
providers, who issue them as part of their loyalty programme. Avios do not have an expiry date and can be redeemed at any time in the
future. Revenue may therefore be recognised at any time in the future.
Deferred revenue in respect of sales in advance of carriage consists of revenue allocated to airline tickets to be used for future travel.
Typically these tickets expire within 12 months after the planned travel date, if they are not used within that time period, however, with the
significant disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has extended the expiry period up to 24 months after the planned
travel date, depending on the operating company. In addition, the significant disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic led to a number
of flight cancellations during both 2020 and 2021, which entitled the customer to either a refund or the issuance of a voucher for future
redemption. Vouchers are presented within sales in advance of carriage.




232    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts232
                                                                2021
24 Other long-term liabilities
€ million                                                                                                                                2021          2020
Non-current trade creditors                                                                                                                121            49
Accruals and deferred income                                                                                                               87             91
                                                                                                                                         208             140


25 Long-term borrowings
a    Total borrowings
                                                                                    2021                                            2020
€ million                                                             Current     Non-current           Total         Current    Non-current            Total
Bank and other loans                                                      761          6,724          7,485                90          2,950          3,040
Bank and other loans less than 12 months1                                   –               –              –             329                 –          329
Asset financed liabilities                                                171          2,244           2,415              139          2,050           2,189
Other financing liabilities2                                               73               –             73               97                –            97
Lease liabilities                                                       1,521           8,116         9,637             1,560          8,464         10,024
Interest-bearing borrowings                                            2,526         17,084          19,610             2,215         13,464          15,679
1 Bank and other loans less than 12 months represents borrowings with a term on inception of less than 12 months in duration.
2 Other financing liabilities include sale and repurchase agreements entered into during the course of 2020 and 2021 with regard to emission allowances and
  represents the amount the Group expects to repurchase during the course of 2021 and 2022, respectively.

Long-term borrowings of the Group amounting to €2,434 million (December 31, 2020: €2,412 million) are secured on owned fleet assets
with a net book value of €2,938 million (December 31, 2020: €2,794 million). Asset financed liabilities are all secured on the associated
aircraft or other property, plant and equipment.
b    Bank and other loans
€ million                                                                                                                                2021          2020
Floating rate GBP term loan guaranteed by UKEF1                                                                                        2,358                  –
Floating rate ICO guaranteed loans2                                                                                                    1,095           1,009
€825 million fixed rate 1.125 per cent convertible bond 20283                                                                            757                  –
€700 million fixed rate 3.75 per cent unsecured bond 20294                                                                                 710                –
€500 million fixed rate 2.75 per cent unsecured bond 20254                                                                               508                  –
€500 million fixed rate 0.50 per cent bond 20235                                                                                         499            498
€500 million fixed rate 1.50 per cent bond 20275                                                                                         498            497
€500 million fixed rate 0.625 per cent convertible bond 20226                                                                              491          480
Floating rate euro mortgage loans secured on aircraft7                                                                                     171           198
ISIF facility8                                                                                                                             149            75
Fixed rate unsecured bonds9                                                                                                                138           137
Fixed rate unsecured US dollar mortgage loan10                                                                                             85             97
Fixed rate Chinese yuan mortgage loans secured on aircraft11                                                                                11            25
Fixed rate unsecured euro loans with the Spanish State (Department of Industry)12                                                           15            24
CCFF pound sterling commercial paper13                                                                                                       –          329
                                                                                                                                       7,485          3,369
Less current instalments due on bank and other loans                                                                                    (761)           (419)
                                                                                                                   6,724        2,950
1. On February 22, 2021, British Airways entered into a five-year term loan Export Development Guarantee Facility of €2.3 billion
   (£2.0 billion) underwritten by a syndicate of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. On November 1, 2021,
   British Airways entered into a further 5-year term loan Export Development Guarantee Facility of €1.2 million (£1.0 billion)
   unwritten by a syndicate of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. The further facility had not been drawn
   as at December 31, 2021. The annual rate of interest associated with the UKEF is consistent with the prevailing market rate of
   interest at the time of executing the term loan.
2. On April 30, 2020, Iberia and Vueling entered into floating rate syndicated financing agreements of €750 million and €260 million
   respectively. The loans are repayable between 2023 and 2025. The ICO in Spain guarantees 70 per cent of the value of loans. The
   loans contain a number of non-financial covenants to protect the position of the banks involved, including restrictions on the
   upstreaming of cash to the rest of the IAG companies.
3. Senior unsecured bond convertible into ordinary shares of IAG was issued by the Group on May 11, 2021; €825 million fixed rate
   1.125 per cent raising net proceeds of €818 million and due in 2028. The Group holds an option to redeem the convertible bond at
   its principal amount, together with accrued interest, no earlier than two years prior to the final maturity date. The bond contains
   dividend protection and a total of 244,850,715 options at inception and at December 31, 2021 to convert into ordinary shares of
   IAG. The Group also holds an option to redeem the convertible bond, in full or in part, in cash in the event that bondholders
   exercise their right to convert the bond into ordinary shares of IAG.




                                                                             233
                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               233
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


25 Long-term borrowings continued
4. On March 25, 2021, the Group issued two tranches of senior unsecured bonds for an aggregate principal amount of €1.2 billion,
   €500 million due March 25, 2025 and €700 million due March 25, 2029. The bonds bear a fixed rate of interest of 2.75 per cent
   and 3.75 per cent per annum, payable in arrears, respectively. The bonds were issued at 100 per cent of their principal amount,
   respectively, and, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, will be redeemed at 100 per cent of their principal
   amount on their respective maturity dates.
5. In July 2019, the Group issued two tranches of senior unsecured bonds for an aggregate principal amount of €1 billion, €500
   million due July 4, 2023 and €500 million due July 4, 2027. The bonds bear a fixed rate of interest of 0.5 per cent and 1.5 per cent
   per annum annually payable in arrears, respectively. The bonds were issued at 99.417 per cent and 98.803 per cent of their
   principal amount, respectively, and, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, will be redeemed at 100 per cent of
   their principal amount on their respective maturity dates.
6. Senior unsecured bond convertible into ordinary shares of IAG was issued by the Group in November 2015; €500 million fixed
   rate 0.625 per cent raising net proceeds of €494 million and due in 2022. The Group holds an option to redeem the convertible
   bond at its principal amount, together with accrued interest, no earlier than two years prior to the final maturity date. The bond
   contains dividend protection and a total of 40,306,653 options related to the bond were outstanding at December 31, 2021.
7. Floating rate euro mortgage loans are secured on specific aircraft assets of the Group and bear interest of between 0.04 and 1.01
   per cent. The loans are repayable between 2024 and 2027.
8. On December 23, 2020, Aer Lingus entered into a floating rate financing agreement with the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund
   (ISIF) for €75 million. On March 27, 2021, Aer Lingus entered into a further floating rate financing agreement with the ISIF for an
   additional €75 million. The facility is repayable in 2023.
9. Total of €200 million fixed rate unsecured bonds between 3.5 to 3.75 per cent coupon repayable between 2022 and 2027.
10. Fixed rate unsecured US dollar mortgage loan bearing interest between 1.38 to 2.86 per cent. The loan is repayable between 2023
    and 2026.
11. Fixed rate Chinese yuan mortgage loans are secured on specific aircraft assets of the Group and bear interest of 5.20 per cent.
    The loans are repayable in 2022.
12. Fixed rate unsecured euro loans with the Spanish State (Department of Industry) bear interest of between nil and 5.68 per cent
    and are repayable between 2021 and 2028.
13. On April 12, 2020, British Airways availed itself of the Coronavirus Corporate Finance Facility (CCFF) implemented by the
    Government of the United Kingdom. Under the CCFF, British Airways issued commercial paper to the Government of the United
    Kingdom of €350 million (£300 million). This loan was repaid in April 2021.
In addition, on March 23, 2021, the Group entered into a three-year US dollar secured Revolving Credit Facility accessible by British Airways,
Iberia and Aer Lingus. The amount available under the facility is $1.755 billion. As at December 31, 2021 no amounts had been drawn under
the facility. Concurrent to entering into the facility, British Airways extinguished its US dollar secured Revolving Credit Facility due to
mature in June 2021, and which had $786 million undrawn and available at December 31, 2020. While the Group does not forecast drawing
down on the Revolving Credit Facility, should it do so, the resultant debt would be securitised against specific landing rights and aircraft in
the respective operating companies.
Details of the 2028 convertible bond
The convertible bond provides bondholders with dividend protection and includes a total of 244,850,715 options at inception and at
December 31, 2021 to convert into ordinary shares of IAG. The Group holds an option to redeem the convertible bond at its principal
amount, together with accrued interest, no earlier than two years prior to the final maturity date. The Group also holds an option to redeem
the convertible bond, in full or in part, in cash in the event that bondholders exercise their right to convert the bond into ordinary shares of
IAG.
The convertible bond is recorded at its fair value, which at December 31, 2021 was €756 million, representing a decrease of €69 million since
issuance. Of this decrease, the amount recorded in Other comprehensive income arising from credit risk of the convertible bonds was
€20 million and a credit recorded within Finance costs in the Income statement attributable to changes in market conditions of €89 million.
Transactions with unconsolidated entities
In July 2021, the Group entered into an asset-financing structure, under which seven aircraft were financed. These transactions mature
between 2031 and 2035. This arrangement was transacted through an unconsolidated structured entity, which in turn issued the British
Airways Pass Through Certificates, Series 2021-1, commonly referred to as Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificates (EETCs). In doing so the
Group recognised €204 million of Asset financed liabilities.
In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Group entered into an asset-financing structure, under which nine aircraft were financed. These
transactions mature between 2028 and 2032. This arrangement was transacted through an unconsolidated structured entity, which in
turn issued the British Airways Pass Through Certificates, Series 2020-1. In doing so the Group recognised €472 million of Asset financed
liabilities.
In the third quarter of 2019, the Group entered into an asset-financing structure, under which eight aircraft were financed, with the
transactions maturing between 2029 and 2034. This arrangement was transacted through an unconsolidated structured entity, which in
turn issued the British Airways Pass Through Certificates, Series 2019-1. In doing so the Group recognised €725 million of Asset financed
liabilities.
As at December 31, 2021, Asset financed liabilities include cumulative amounts of €1,489 million (2020: €1,312 million) associated with
transactions with unconsolidated structured entities having issued EETCs.




234    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts234
                                                                2021
c   Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities
                                                                                          Bank, other                        Derivatives
                                                                                           loans and                         to mitigate
                                                                                                asset                        volatility in
                                                                                            financed             Lease           financial
€ million                                                                                   liabilities       liabilities       liabilities     Total
Balance at January 1, 2021                                                                     5,655           10,024                429       16,108
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        4,817                  –                 –     4,817
Repayment of borrowings                                                                         (784)                  –                 –      (784)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                        –          (1,481)                 –     (1,481)
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                        –                –           (268)        (268)
Total changes from financing cash flows                                                        4,033            (1,481)            (268)       2,284
Interest paid                                                                                    (212)            (367)              (26)      (605)
Interest expense                                                                                  307              393                   –      700
New leases and lease modifications                                                                    –             518                  –       518
Fair value movements                                                                              (69)                 –           (286)        (355)
Other non-cash movements                                                                            (2)              (9)                15         4
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                                        261             559                   –      820
Balance at December 31, 2021                                                                   9,973            9,637               (136)     19,474


                                                                          Bank, other                      Derivatives
                                                                           loans and                       to mitigate
                                                                                asset                      volatility in
                                                                            financed            Lease          financial    Share capital
€ million                                                                   liabilities      liabilities      liabilities     / premium         Total
Balance at January 1, 2020                                                     3,208           11,046               128           6,323       20,705
Proceeds from borrowings                                                       3,567                  –                –                 –     3,567
Repayment of borrowings                                                         (978)                 –                –                 –      (978)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                       –         (1,536)                 –                 –    (1,536)
Proceeds from rights issue                                                           –                –                –          2,674        2,674
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                       –                –              59                  –        59
Total changes from financing cash flows                                        2,589           (1,536)               59           2,674        3,786
Interest paid                                                                     (117)          (421)              (15)                 –      (553)
Interest expense                                                                  108            445                   –                 –       553
New leases and lease modifications                                                   –           1,179                 –                 –      1,179
Fair value movements                                                                 –                –            273                   –       273
Other non-cash movements                                                           94               37              (16)                 –        115
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                                     (227)           (726)                  –                 –      (953)
Total financial liability-related other changes                                  (142)             514             242                   –       614
Total other related movements                                                        –                –                –           (730)       (730)
Balance at December 31, 2020                                                   5,655          10,024               429            8,267       24,375




                                                                    235
                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 235
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


25 Long-term borrowings continued
d     Total loans, lease liabilities, other financing liabilities and asset financed liabilities
Million                                                                                               2021      2020
Loans
Bank:
    US dollar                                                                                         $98        $121
    Euro                                                                                            €1,430    €1,303
    Pound sterling                                                                                  £2,003     £299
    Chinese yuan                                                                                   CNY 78    CNY 201
                                                                                                    €3,883    €1,756


Fixed rate bonds:
    Euro                                                                                            €3,602     €1,613
                                                                                                    €3,602     €1,613


Asset financed liabilities
    US dollar                                                                                       $2,192    $2,080
    Euro                                                                                             €408      €448
    Japanese yen                                                                                    ¥8,226    ¥4,883
                                                                                                    €2,415    €2,189


Other financing liabilities
    Euro                                                                                              €73       €97
                                                                                                      €73       €97


Lease liabilities
    US dollar                                                                                       $7,709    $8,436
    Euro                                                                                            €1,547    €1,858
    Japanese yen                                                                                   ¥75,450   ¥74,734
    Pound sterling                                                                                   £569      £608
                                                                                                    €9,637   €10,024


Total interest-bearing borrowings                                                                  €19,610   €15,679




236       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts236
                                                                   2021
26 Provisions
                                                                                              Employee
                                                                                                 leaving
                                                                                            indemnities    Legal claims
                                                             Restoration                      and other             and
                                                                     and                     employee-      contractual
                                                              handback     Restructuring         related       disputes       Other
€ million                                                     provisions      provisions      provisions     provisions   provisions      Total
Net book value January 1, 2021                                    1,588            432              714            84           94       2,912


Reclassifications                                                    (2)              –               –             (7)           –         (9)
Provisions recorded during the year                                 267             30              66              85           63        511
Utilised during the year                                           (101)            (171)          (30)            (57)        (62)       (421)
Release of unused amounts                                           (41)            (22)              –            (18)         (16)       (97)
Unwinding of discount                                                10               –               2              –            –         12
Remeasurements                                                        –               –            (34)              –            –       (34)
Exchange differences                                                 111              5               2              3            4        125
Net book value December 31, 2021                                  1,832            274             720             90            83     2,999
Analysis:
Current                                                             431             142             59              69           31       732
Non-current                                                        1,401            132            661              21           52     2,267
                                                                  1,832            274             720             90            83     2,999

Restoration and handback provisions
The provision for restoration and handback costs is maintained to meet the contractual maintenance and return conditions on aircraft held
under lease. The provision also includes an amount relating to leased land and buildings where restoration costs are contractually required
at the end of the lease. Such costs are capitalised within ROU assets. The provision is long-term in nature, typically covering the leased asset
term, which for aircraft is up to 12 years.
Included within the release of unused restoration and handback provisions is an amount of €7 million relating to the reversal of contractual
lease provisions, which represent the estimation of the cost to fulfil the handback conditions associated with the leased aircraft that had
been permanently stood down and impaired during the year ended December 31, 2020, which have subsequently been stood back up with
a resultant impairment reversal during the year ended December 31, 2021.
Where amounts are finalised and the uncertainty relating to these provisions removed, the associated liability is reclassified to either current
or non-current Other creditors, dependent on the expecting timing of settlement.
Restructuring provisions
The restructuring provision includes provisions for voluntary redundancies including the collective redundancy programme for Iberia's
Transformation Plan implemented prior to 2021, which provides for payments to affected employees until they reach the statutory
retirement age. The amount provided for has been determined by an actuarial valuation made by independent actuaries, and was based on
the same assumptions as those made to determine the provisions for obligations to flight crew below, with the exception of the discount
rate, which in this case was 0.00 per cent. The payments related to this provision will continue over the next eight years.
At December 31, 2021, €270 million of this provision related to collective redundancy programmes (2020: €428 million).
Employee leaving indemnities and other employee-related provisions
This provision includes employees leaving indemnities relating to staff under various contractual arrangements.
The Group recognises a provision relating to flight crew who, having met certain conditions, have the option of being placed on reserve and
retaining their employment relationship until reaching the statutory retirement age, or taking early retirement. The Group is required to
remunerate these employees until they reach the statutory retirement age, and an initial provision was recognised based on an actuarial
valuation. The provision was reviewed at December 31, 2021 with the use of independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method,
based on a discount rate consistent with the iBoxx index of 0.91 per cent and 0.00 per cent (2020: iBoxx index of 0.37 per cent and 0.00
per cent) depending on whether the employees are currently active or not, the PERM/F-2000P mortality tables, and assuming a 2 per cent
annual increase in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) in 2022 and 1.5 per cent in 2023. This is mainly a long-term provision. Remeasurements in
the valuation of this provision are recorded in Other comprehensive income. The amount relating to this provision was €644 million at
December 31, 2021 (2020: €654 million).
Legal claims and contractual disputes provisions
Legal claims and contractual disputes provisions include:
• amounts for multi-party claims from groups of employees on a number of matters related to its operations, including claims for additional
  holiday pay and for age discrimination;
• amounts related to ongoing contractual disputes arising from the Group’s ongoing provisions; and
• amounts related to investigations by a number of competition authorities in connection with alleged anti-competitive activity concerning
  the Group’s passenger and cargo businesses.
The final amount required to pay the remaining claims and fines is subject to uncertainty.
Other provisions
Other provisions include a provision for the Emissions Trading Scheme for CO2 emitted on flights within the United Kingdom and the EU in
excess of the relevant United Kingdom and EU Emission Allowances granted.


                                                                      237
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        237
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


27 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including fuel price risk, foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit
risk and liquidity risk. The principal impact of these on the financial statements are discussed below:
a     Fuel price risk
The Group is exposed to fuel price risk. In order to mitigate such risk, under the Group’s fuel price risk management strategy a variety of
over the counter derivative instruments are entered into. The Group strategy is to hedge a proportion of fuel consumption up to two years
(previously three years) within the approved hedging profile.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of financial instruments to a reasonable possible change in fuel prices, with all other
variables held constant, on result before tax and equity1:
                                      2021                                                                                2020
      Increase/(decrease)             Effect on result                  Effect on        Increase/(decrease)              Effect on result               Effect on
              in fuel price                before tax                      equity                in fuel price                 before tax                   equity
                  per cent                   € million                  € million                    per cent                    € million               € million
                       30                           –                       834                           30                            189                  525
                      (30)                          –                      (520)                         (30)                       (219)                   (664)
1 The sensitivity analysis on equity excludes the sensitivity amounts recognised in the result before tax.
During the year to December 31, 2021, following a substantial recovery in the global price of crude oil, the fair value of such net asset
derivative instruments was €288 million at December 31, 2021, representing an increase of €1,066 million since January 1, 2021. Since the
outbreak of COVID-19, a significant proportion of the associated hedge relationships are no longer expected to occur and subsequently fuel
hedge accounting was discontinued, with subsequent mark-to-market movements recorded in the Income statement. However, as a result
of the updated forecasts as detailed in note 3, a further €72 million of the gains recognised in Other comprehensive income were
reclassified to the Income statement and recognised within Fuel, oil costs and emission costs in the year to December 31, 2021.
The gain arising from the derecognition of fuel hedges has been recorded as an exceptional item. Refer to Alternative performance
measures section for further details.
b     Foreign currency risk
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk on revenue, purchases and borrowings that are denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency of the Group. The currencies in which these transactions are denominated are primarily euro, US dollar and pound
sterling. The Group has a number of strategies to hedge foreign currency risk. The Group strategy is to hedge a proportion of its foreign
currency sales and purchases for up to three years.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s principal foreign exchange exposure to a reasonable possible change in the
US dollar, pound sterling and Japanese yen exchange rates, with all other variables held constant on result before tax and equity1. The
sensitivity analysis has been performed on interest-bearing liabilities, lease liabilities and derivatives (both designated in hedge relationships
and those not designated in hedge relationships) denominated in foreign currencies, with the disclosure for 2020 updated to align with the
current methodology. The methodology has been updated to better reflect the foreign exchange exposures arising from the Group’s
operations.
                                                                 Strengthening/                                       Strengthening/
             Strengthening/        Effect on                     (weakening) in        Effect on                      (weakening) in        Effect on
             (weakening) in     result before      Effect on               pound    result before      Effect on       Japanese yen      result before   Effect on
              US dollar rate              tax         equity        sterling rate             tax         equity                rate               tax      equity
                   per cent         € million      € million            per cent        € million      € million            per cent         € million   € million
2021                      10            255              523                  10             (10)             134                 10              (17)        (41)
                         (10)         (260)              (481)              (10)              10             (134)              (10)               17          41


2020                      10            234               283                 10               9              (167)               10              (16)       (42)
                         (10)          (273)             (345)               (10)             (9)              157               (10)              16          42
1 The sensitivity analysis on equity, excludes the sensitivity amounts recognised in the result before tax.
At December 31, 2021, the fair value of foreign currency net asset derivative instruments was €185 million, representing an increase of €652
million since January 1, 2021. These comprise both derivatives designated in hedge relationships and those derivatives that are not
designated into a hedge relationship at inception. As per the fuel price risk above, a significant proportion of the derivatives designated in
hedge relationships have no longer been expected to occur and subsequently hedge accounting has been discontinued, with subsequent
mark-to-market movements recorded in the Income statement. However, as a result of the updated forecasts as detailed in note 3, a further
€5 million of the gains recognised in Other comprehensive income were reclassified to the Income statement and recognised within Fuel, oil
costs and emission costs and within Passenger revenue. Those derivatives not designated in a hedge relationship on inception have their
mark-to-market movements recorded directly in the Income statement and recognised within Net currency retranslation (charges)/credits.




238     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts238
                                                                 2021
c    Interest rate risk
The Group is exposed to changes in interest rates on debt and on cash deposits. Interest rate risk on floating rate debt is managed through
interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and interest rate collars.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group’s interest rate exposure to a reasonable possible change in the US dollar, euro
and sterling interest rates, on result before tax and equity1:
                                                                                                                    Strengthening/
            Strengthening/                                      Strengthening/                                      (weakening) in
            (weakening) in        Effect on                     (weakening) in        Effect on                            sterling      Effect on
                US interest    result before      Effect on        euro interest   result before      Effect on            interest   result before      Effect on
                       rate              tax         equity                 rate             tax         equity                rate             tax         equity
               Basis points        € million      € million         Basis points       € million      € million        Basis points       € million      € million
2021                    50                –               –                 50                3               10               50               (2)              –
                       (50)               –               –                (50)              (3)              (9)             (50)               2               –


2020                    50                –               –                 50                9               (8)              50                –               –
                       (50)               –               –                (50)              (9)               7              (50)               –               –
1 The sensitivity analysis on equity, excludes the sensitivity amounts recognised in the result before tax.
For details regarding the Group’s management of interest rate benchmark reform, refer to note 27i.
d    Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a financial
loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial institutions, foreign
exchange transactions and other financial instruments. The Group has policies and procedures to monitor the risk by assigning limits to
each counterparty by underlying exposure and by operating company and by only entering into transactions with counterparties with a
very low credit risk.
At each period end, the Group assesses the effect of counterparties’ and the Group’s own credit risk on the fair value of derivatives and any
ineffectiveness arising is immediately recognised in the Income statement within Other non-operating expenses.
e    Counterparty risk
The Group is exposed to the non-performance by its counterparties in respect of financial assets receivable. The Group has policies and
procedures to monitor the risk by assigning limits to each counterparty by underlying exposure and by operating company. The underlying
exposures are monitored on a daily basis and the overall exposure limit by counterparty is periodically reviewed by using available market
information.
The financial assets recognised in the financial statements, net of impairment losses (if any), represent the Group's maximum exposure to
credit risk, without taking into account any guarantees in place or other credit enhancements.
At December 31, 2021 the Group’s credit risk position, allocated by region, in respect of treasury managed cash and derivatives was as
follows:
                                                                                                                                       Mark-to-market of treasury
                                                                                                                                               controlled financial
                                                                                                                                         instruments allocated by
                                                                                                                                                       geography
Region                                                                                                                                        2021           2020
United Kingdom                                                                                                                               44%             53%
Spain                                                                                                                                            –             3%
Ireland                                                                                                                                       18%              7%
Rest of Eurozone                                                                                                                             34%              16%
Rest of world                                                                                                                                  4%             21%




                                                                                239
                                                                               INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                  239
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


27 Financial risk management objectives and policies continued
f     Liquidity risk
The Group invests cash in interest-bearing accounts, time deposits and money market funds, choosing instruments with appropriate
maturities or liquidity to retain sufficient headroom to readily generate cash inflows required to manage liquidity risk. The Group has also
committed revolving credit facilities.
At December 31, 2021 the Group had undrawn overdraft facilities of €53 million (2020: €52 million). The Group held undrawn uncommitted
money market lines of €nil (2020: €nil).
The Group held undrawn general and committed aircraft financing facilities:
                                                                                                                                                  2021
Million                                                                                                                                    Currency    € equivalent
General facilities1
Euro facilities expiring between January and July 2022                                                                                         €27               27
Euro facilities expiring March 2023                                                                                                            €60               60
US dollar facility expiring May 2022                                                                                                           $50               44
Pound sterling facility expiring November 2025                                                                                              £1,000             1,177
US dollar facility expiring March 2024                                                                                                      $1,755            1,556
                                                                                                                                                             2,864
Committed aircraft facilities
US dollar facility expiring September 20222                                                                                                   $635              563
US dollar facilities expiring March 20243                                                                                                     $635              563
                                                                                                                                                               1,126


                                                                                                                                                  2020
Million                                                                                                                                    Currency   € equivalent
General facilities1
Euro facilities expiring between January and June 2021                                                                                        €126              126
Euro facilities expiring between January and July 2022                                                                                         €95               95
US dollar facility expiring June 2021                                                                                                         $786              643
US dollar facility expiring May 2022                                                                                                           $50                   41
                                                                                                                                                               905
Committed aircraft facilities
US dollar facility expiring March 20212                                                                                                       $428               351
US dollar facilities expiring July 20233                                                                                                     $1,013             829
                                                                                                                                                               1,180
1 The general facilities can be drawn at any time at the discretion of the Group subject to the provision of up to three days’ notice of the intended utilisation,
  depending on the facility.
2 The aircraft facility maturing in 2022 is available for specific committed aircraft deliveries and further information is given in note 25b.
3 The aircraft facilities maturing in 2024 (2020: maturing in 2023) are available for specific committed aircraft deliveries and require the Group to give three
  months’ notice to the counterparty of its intention to utilise the facilities.




240       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts240
                                                                    2021
The following table analyses the Group’s (outflows) and inflows in respect of financial liabilities and derivative financial instruments into
relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at December 31 to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the
table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows and include interest.
                                                                Within 6         6-12           1-2           2-5     More than 5       Total
€ million                                                       months         months         years         years           years       2021
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings:
  Asset financing liabilities                                      (122)         (116)        (230)         (678)          (1,714)    (2,860)
  Lease liabilities                                               (920)         (854)        (1,814)      (3,839)         (5,524)    (12,951)
  Fixed rate borrowings                                             (151)       (529)         (578)         (690)        (2,094)     (4,042)
  Floating rate borrowings                                         (129)        (285)         (428)       (3,368)            (16)     (4,226)
  Other financing liabilities                                       (73)            –             –             –              –         (73)
Trade and other payables                                         (3,712)            –         (208)             –              –      (3,920)
Derivative financial instruments (assets):
  Interest rate derivatives                                           –             1             2             3              –           6
  Foreign exchange contracts                                        227            52           46               1             –         326
  Fuel derivatives                                                  157           129           48              –              –         334
Derivative financial instruments (liabilities):
  Interest rate derivatives                                         (12)          (10)           (7)           (3)             –         (32)
  Foreign exchange contracts                                        (67)          (38)         (33)            (6)             –        (144)
  Fuel derivatives                                                  (14)          (13)          (18)            –              –         (45)
December 31, 2021                                                (4,816)       (1,663)      (3,220)       (8,580)        (9,348)     (27,627)


                                                                Within 6         6-12           1-2           2-5     More than 5       Total
€ million                                                       months         months         years         years           years       2020
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings:
  Asset financing obligations                                      (101)          (97)         (193)         (571)        (1,673)     (2,635)
  Lease liabilities                                                (901)         (919)       (1,500)       (4,122)       (5,962)     (13,404)
  Fixed rate borrowings                                           (360)           (37)         (631)        (666)          (587)       (2,281)
  Floating rate borrowings                                          (78)          (32)         (58)         (1,179)          (41)      (1,388)
  Other financing liabilities                                       (97)            –             –             –              –         (97)
Trade and other payables                                         (2,810)            –             –             –              –      (2,810)
Derivative financial instruments (assets):
  Forward contracts                                                  73            41           33              8              –         155
  Fuel derivatives                                                    6             2             1             –              –           9
Derivative financial instruments (liabilities):
  Interest rate swaps                                               (13)          (13)         (25)           (14)            (2)        (67)
  Forward contracts                                               (370)           (91)         (115)         (56)              –        (632)
  Fuel derivatives                                                (423)          (314)         (108)           (4)             –        (849)
At December 31, 2020                                            (5,074)        (1,460)      (2,596)       (6,604)         (8,265)    (23,999)




                                                                     241
                                                                    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        241
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


27 Financial risk management objectives and policies continued
g     Offsetting financial assets and liabilities
The Group enters into derivative transactions under ISDA (International Swaps and Derivatives Association) documentation. In general,
under such agreements the amounts owed by each counterparty on a single day in respect of all transactions outstanding are aggregated
into a single net amount that is payable by one party to the other.
The following financial assets and liabilities are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements.
December 31, 2021
                                                                                                                    Net amounts
                                                                                                          Gross       of financial        Related
                                                                                                    amounts set      instruments     amounts not
                                                                                    Gross value       off in the            in the    offset in the
                                                                                     of financial      balance            balance         balance
€ million                                                                           instruments           sheet1            sheet            sheet1   Net amount
Financial assets
Derivative financial assets                                                                 628               (8)           620               (30)           590


Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities                                                             181              (8)             173              30            203
1 The Group has pledged cash and cash equivalents as collateral against certain of its derivative financial liabilities. As December 31, 2021, the Group recognised
  €nil of collateral (2020: €66 million) offset in the balance sheet and €30 million (2020: €24 million) not offset in the balance sheet.
December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                    Net amounts
                                                                                                          Gross       of financial        Related
                                                                                                    amounts set      instruments     amounts not
                                                                                    Gross value       off in the            in the    offset in the
                                                                                     of financial      balance            balance         balance
€ million                                                                           instruments           sheet             sheet            sheet    Net amount
Financial assets
Derivative financial assets                                                                  165              (1)            164               (13)            151


Financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities                                                           1,537            (67)           1,470              (37)          1,433

h     Capital risk management
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, to maintain an optimal
capital structure, to reduce the cost of capital and to provide returns to shareholders.
The Group monitors capital on the basis of the net debt to EBITDA ratio. For the year to December 31, 2021, the net debt to EBITDA was
minus 11.5 times (2020: minus 4.3 times). The definition and calculation for this performance measure is included in the Alternative
performance measures section.
Further detail on liquidity and capital resources and capital risk management is disclosed in the going concern section in note 2.
i     Managing interest rate benchmark reform and associated risks
Overview
A reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally, including the replacement of certain interbank offered rates
(IBORs) with alternative nearly risk-free rates (referred to as ‘IBOR reform’). The Group has exposures to IBORs on its financial instruments
that are expected to mature subsequent to December 31, 2021, and as such will be replaced as part of these market-wide initiatives. The
Group anticipates that IBOR reform will impact its risk management and hedge accounting.
During 2020 the Group established an IBOR transition working group and project plan, led by Group Treasury. This project has and
continues to consider the required changes to systems, processes, risk management and valuation models, as well as managing any
accounting and tax implications. During the course of 2021, the Group, and the counterparties to the financial instruments, have transitioned
the majority of such instruments to an alternative benchmark rate and in order to enable such transitions, changes to systems, processes
and models have been implemented. Those financial instruments that have not transitioned at December 31, 2021 predominantly relate to
those with a US dollar LIBOR component, which is not expected to convert to an alternative risk-free rate until mid-2023, subject to further
consultation.
In addition, during 2021, the Group has enquired of the trustees of the Group’s pension schemes to understand the status of their IBOR
transitions, if any. The Group has satisfied itself that all material derivative financial and non-derivative financial instruments with an IBOR
component have been transitioned to an alternative benchmark at December 31, 2021.
Reforms to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) methodology to enable it to meet the criteria of a risk-free rate were completed in
2019. As such the Group expects to continue to utilise financial instruments with a EURIBOR component without transitioning to an
alternative benchmark rate.




242     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts242
                                                                 2021
Derivative and non-derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
While the Group has transitioned a number of its derivative and non-derivative financial instruments to an alternative benchmark rate,
certain interest rate swap derivative financial instruments and non-derivative financial instruments continue to have their floating legs
indexed to US dollar LIBOR. These derivative financial instruments continue to be recognised as hedging instruments in hedge relationships,
with the hedged item being those non-derivative financial instruments indexed to US dollar LIBOR.
For such derivative financial instruments the Group has evaluated the extent to which its cash flow hedging relationships are subject to
uncertainty driven by IBOR reform as at December 31, 2021. As part of this evaluation, the Group has applied the hedging relief provided by
the IFRS 9 amendments for IBOR reform Phase 1.
There remains uncertainty about when and how replacement may occur with respect to the relevant hedged items and hedging
instruments. Such uncertainty may impact the hedging relationship. Hedging relationships impacted by IBOR reform may experience
ineffectiveness attributable to market participant’s expectations of when the change in rates will occur, which may differ between the
hedged item and the hedging instrument.
The table below provides an overview of the IBOR-related exposures as at December 31, 2021. Non-derivative financial instruments are
presented on the basis of their carrying values, while derivative financial instruments are presented on the basis of their nominal amounts.
                                                                                                                                                                  Derivative
                                                                                                                                          Non-derivative            financial
                                                                                                                                                 financial    instruments –
                                                                                                                                           instruments –            nominal
€ million                                                                                                                                 carrying value1            amount
GBP LIBOR                                                                                                                                                –                 –
USD LIBOR                                                                                                                                           600                 782
Other LIBOR                                                                                                                                              –                 –
1 Non-derivative financial instruments include floating rate borrowings, asset financed liabilities and lease liabilities.

The principal outstanding IBOR-related exposures relate to those lease liabilities with a USD LIBOR component. The Group has such leases
with a limited number of counterparties for which the Group expects to transition to an alternative benchmark by June 30, 2023.

28 Financial instruments
a    Financial assets and liabilities by category
The detail of the Group’s ﬁnancial instruments at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 by nature and classiﬁcation for measurement
purposes is as follows:
December 31, 2021
                                                                                                     Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                            Fair value       Fair value                            carrying
                                                                                                        through Other          through                           amount by
                                                                                       Amortised       comprehensive            Income     Non-financial      balance sheet
 € million                                                                                  cost              income         statement            assets               item
Non-current assets
Other equity investments                                                                        –                     31             –                   –                31
Derivative financial instruments                                                                –                       –           77                   –               77
Other non-current assets                                                                      126                     10             –                114              250


Current assets
Trade receivables                                                                            735                        –            –                   –             735
Other current assets                                                                         363                        –            –               597               960
Derivative financial instruments                                                                –                       –         543                    –             543
Other current interest-bearing deposits                                                        51                      –             –                   –                51
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  7,892                       –             –                   –           7 ,89 2

                                                                                                    Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                            Fair value       Fair value                            carrying
                                                                                                        through Other          through               Non-        amount by
                                                                                       Amortised       comprehensive            Income           financial    balance sheet
 € million                                                                                  cost              income         statement          liabilities            item
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                           8,116                      –             –                   –            8,116
Interest-bearing long-term borrowings                                                      8,220                       –          748                    –           8,968
Derivative financial instruments                                                                –                      –            47                   –               47
Other long-term liabilities                                                                   132                      –             –                 76              208


Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                                           1,521                       –            –                   –            1,521
Current portion of long-term borrowings                                                      996                       –             9                   –           1,005
Trade and other payables                                                                   3,506                        –            –               206              3,712
Derivative financial instruments                                                                –                      –           126                   –              126

                                                                                   243
                                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                         243
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


28 Financial instruments continued
December 31, 2020
                                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                                Fair value      Fair value                       carrying
                                                                                            through Other         through                      amount by
                                                                           Amortised       comprehensive           Income    Non-financial       balance
 € million                                                                      cost              income        statement           assets     sheet item
Non-current assets
Other equity investments                                                           –                     29             –                 –           29
Derivative financial instruments                                                   –                        –          42                 –           42
Other non-current assets                                                          119                     10            –               99           228


Current assets
Trade receivables                                                               557                         –           –                 –          557
Other current assets                                                            350                         –           –             442           792
Derivative financial instruments                                                   –                        –         122                 –          122
Other current interest-bearing deposits                                          143                       –            –                 –          143
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      5,774                       –            –                 –        5,774


                                                                                        Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                                                                                 carrying
                                                                                                Fair value      Fair value                     amount by
                                                                                            through Other         through             Non-       balance
                                                                           Amortised       comprehensive           Income         financial         sheet
€ million                                                                       cost              income        statement        liabilities         item
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                             8,464                         –           –                 –       8,464
Interest-bearing long-term borrowings                                         5,000                         –           –                 –       5,000
Derivative financial instruments                                                   –                        –         310                 –          310
Other long-term liabilities                                                      80                         –           –             533            613


Current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                              1,560                        –           –                 –        1,560
Current portion of long-term borrowings                                         655                         –           –                 –         655
Trade and other payables                                                       2,572                        –           –             238          2,810
Derivative financial instruments                                                   –                        –       1,160                 –         1,160

b     Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
The fair values of the Group’s financial instruments are disclosed in hierarchy levels depending on the nature of the inputs used in
determining the fair values and using the following methods and assumptions:
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are
readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices
represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. Level 1 methodologies (market values at the balance
sheet date) were used to determine the fair value of listed asset investments classified as equity investments and listed interest-bearing
borrowings. The fair value of financial liabilities and financial assets incorporates own credit risk and counterparty credit risk, respectively.
Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. The
fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by valuation techniques. These valuation techniques
maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates.
Derivative instruments are measured based on the market value of instruments with similar terms and conditions using forward pricing
models, which include forward exchange rates, forward interest rates, forward fuel curves and corresponding volatility surface data at the
reporting date. The fair value of derivative financial assets and liabilities are determined as follows, incorporating adjustments for own credit
risk and counterparty credit risk:
• commodity reference contracts including swaps and options transactions, referenced to (i) CIF NWE cargoes jet fuel; (ii) ICE Gasoil ; (iii)
  ICE Brent; (iv) ICE Gasoil Brent crack; (v) Jet Differential and (vi) Jet fuel Brent crack – the mark-to-market valuation prices are
  determined by reference to current forward curve and standard option pricing valuation models, values are discounted to the reporting
  date based on the corresponding interest rate;
• currency forward and option contracts – by reference to current forward prices and standard option pricing valuation models, values are
  discounted to the reporting date based on the corresponding interest rate; and
• interest rate swap contracts – by discounting the future cash flows of the swap contracts at market interest rate valued with the current
  forward curve.




244     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts244
                                                                  2021
The fair value of the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings including leases is determined by discounting the remaining contractual cash
flows at the relevant market interest rates at the balance sheet date. The fair value of the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings is adjusted
for own credit risk.
Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data. The principal method of such valuation is performed
using a valuation model that considers the present value of the dividend cash flows expected to be generated by the associated assets.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, other current interest-bearing deposits, trade receivables, other current assets and trade and
other payables approximate their carrying value largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.
The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2021 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                               Carrying
                                                                                                     Fair value                                   value
€ million                                                                           Level 1       Level 2         Level 3        Total            Total
Financial assets
Other equity investments                                                                 –             –              31            31              31
Derivative financial assets:
  Interest rate swaps1                                                                   –             5               –             5               5
  Foreign exchange contracts1                                                            –           314               –          314              314
  Fuel derivatives1                                                                      –           301               –          301              301


Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings:
  Asset financed liabilities                                                             –        2,583                –        2,583            2,415
  Fixed rate borrowings                                                             3,492           265                –        3,757           3,863
  Floating rate borrowings                                                               –        3,622                –        3,622           3,622
  Other financing liabilities                                                            –            73               –           73               73
Derivative financial liabilities:
  Interest rate derivatives2                                                             –            31               –            31              31
  Foreign exchange contracts2                                                            –           129               –          129              129
  Fuel derivatives2                                                                      –            13               –            13              13
1 Current portion of derivative financial assets is €543 million.
2 Current portion of derivative financial liabilities is €126 million.

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2020 are set out below:
                                                                                                                                              Carrying
                                                                                                     Fair value                                  value
€ million                                                                           Level 1       Level 2         Level 3        Total            Total
Financial assets
Other equity investments                                                                 –             –              29           29               29
Derivative financial assets:
  Interest rate swaps1                                                                   –              1              –             1                1
  Foreign exchange contracts1                                                            –           154               –          154              154
  Fuel derivatives1                                                                      –             9               –             9               9


Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings:
  Asset financed liabilities                                                             –         2,417               –         2,417           2,189
  Fixed rate borrowings                                                              1,510          560                –        2,070            2,163
  Floating rate borrowings                                                               –         1,206               –        1,206            1,206
  Other financing liabilities                                                            –            97               –           97               97
Derivative financial liabilities:
  Interest rate derivatives2                                                             –            63               –           63               63
  Foreign exchange contracts2                                                            –          620                –          620             620
  Fuel derivatives2                                                                      –          787                –          787             787
1 Current portion of derivative financial assets is €122 million.
2 Current portion of derivative financial liabilities is €1,160 million.
There have been no transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy during the year.
Financial assets, other equity instruments, financial liabilities and derivative financial assets and liabilities are all measured at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements. Interest-bearing borrowings, with the exception of the IAG €825 million convertible bond due 2028
which is measured at fair value, are measured at amortised cost.




                                                                            245
                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021          245
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


28 Financial instruments continued
c     Level 3 financial assets reconciliation
The following table summarises key movements in Level 3 financial assets:
€ million                                                                                                                         2021    2020
Opening balance for the year                                                                                                       29       72
Additions                                                                                                                            2       3
Losses recognised in other comprehensive income                                                                                      –     (44)
Exchange movements                                                                                                                   –      (2)
Closing balance for the year                                                                                                        31      29

d     Hedges
Cash flow hedges
At December 31, 2021 the Group’s principal risk management activities that were hedging future forecast transactions were:
• Foreign exchange contracts, hedging foreign currency exchange risk on revenue cash inflows and certain operational payments.
  Remeasurement gains and losses on the derivatives are (i) recognised in equity and transferred to the Income statement, where the
  hedged item is recorded directly in the Income statement, to the same caption as the underlying hedged item is classified; (ii) recognised
  in equity and transferred to the Balance sheet, where the hedged item is a non-financial asset or liability, are recorded to the Balance
  sheet to the same caption as the hedged item is recognised; and (iii) recognised in equity and transferred to the Income statement,
  where the hedged item is a financial asset or liability, at the same time as the financial asset or liability is recorded in the Income
  statement. Reclassification gains and losses on derivatives, arising from the discontinuance of hedge accounting, are recognised in the
  Income statement when the future transaction is no longer expected to occur and recorded in the relevant Income statement caption to
  which the hedged item is classified;
• Forward crude, gas oil and jet kerosene derivative contracts, hedging price risk on fuel expenditure. Remeasurement gains and losses on
  the derivatives are recognised in equity and transferred to the Income statement within Fuel, oil costs and emissions charges to match
  against the related fuel cash outflow. Reclassification gains and losses on derivatives, arising from the discontinuance of hedge
  accounting, are recognised in the Income statement within Fuel, oil costs and emissions charges when the future transaction is no longer
  expected to occur;
• Interest rate contracts, hedging interest rate risk on floating rate debt and certain operational payments. Remeasurement gains and
  losses on the derivatives are recognised in equity and transferred to the Income statement within Interest expense; and
• Future loan repayments denominated in foreign currency are designated in a hedge relationship hedging foreign exchange fluctuations
  on revenue cash inflows. Remeasurement gains and losses on the associated loans are recognised in equity and transferred to the
  Income statement within Passenger revenue when the loan repayments are made (generally in instalments over the life of the loan).
The amounts included in equity including the periods over which the related cash flows are expected to occur are summarised below:
(Gains)/losses in respect of cash flow hedges included within equity
€ million                                                                                                                         2021    2020
Loan repayments to hedge future revenue                                                                                            98      220
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and expenditure1                                                                 25     168
Crude, gas oil and jet kerosene derivative contracts1                                                                             (276)    295
Derivatives used to hedge interest rates1                                                                                           58      66
Instruments for which hedge accounting no longer applies1, 2                                                                      247      276
                                                                                                                                   152    1,025
Related deferred tax credit                                                                                                        (24)   (168)
Total amount included within equity                                                                                                128     857
1 The carrying value of derivative instruments recognised in assets and liabilities is analysed in parts a and b above.
2 Relates to previously terminated hedge relationships for which the underlying forecast transaction remains expected to occur.




246     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts246
                                                                  2021
The notional amounts of significant financial instruments used as cash flow hedging instruments are set out below, with the prior period
presentation amended to reflect the current presentation:
                                                                                                                                                                    Total
Notional principal amounts                                                   Average                           Within 1                    2-5        5+       December
(€ million)                                                                hedge rate        Hedge range          year    1-2 years      years      years        31, 2021
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from US dollars to pound sterling3                                   1.31         1.15 to 1.45      2,606       1,030          42             –       3,678
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from US dollars to euros3                                            1.18        1.08 to 1.32        1,632        735          26             –       2,393
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from euros to pound sterling3                                        1.23        1.08 to 1.42         396         334         543           166        1,439
Fuel commodity price contracts to hedge future US dollar
fuel expenditure1                                                               649          395 to 737         2,386         826            –            –        3,212
Interest rate contracts to hedge future interest expenditure2                   1.40     (0.03) to 3.13         3,099       1,080         738            60       4,977
1 Notional amounts of fuel commodity price hedging instruments represent 5.8 million metric tonnes of jet fuel equivalent and the hedge range is expressed as
  the US dollar price per metric tonne, which for those products typically priced in barrels, has been determined using a conversion factor of 7.88.
2 The hedge range for interest rate contracts is expressed as a percentage.
3 Expenditure includes both operating and capital expenditure.
                                                                                                                                                                    Total
Notional principal amounts                                                   Average                            Within                     2-5        5+       December
(€ million)                                                                hedge rate        Hedge range        1 year    1-2 years      years      years       31, 2020
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from US dollars to pound sterling3                                   1.31         1.15 to 1.50     2,402         1,321        442             –       4,165
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from US dollars to euros3                                            1.18        0.74 to 1.37       1,380        989           212            –       2,581
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future revenue and
expenditure from euros to pound sterling3                                        1.23        1.08 to 1.42        373         359          661        309          1,702
Fuel commodity price contracts to hedge future US dollar
fuel expenditure1                                                               702           363 to 941       2,350        1,081          65             –      3,496
Interest rate contracts to hedge future interest expenditure2                    1.47        0.08 to 3.18      3,286        1,493         862            161     5,802
1 Notional amounts of fuel commodity price hedging instruments represent 9.3 million metric tonnes of jet fuel equivalent and the hedge range is expressed as
  the US dollar price per metric tonne, which for those products typically priced in barrels, has been determined using a conversion factor of 7.88.
2 The hedge range for interest rate contracts is expressed as a percentage.
3 Expenditure includes both operating and capital expenditure.
                                                                  Amounts recognised in the Income statement                               Fair value
                                                                                                                                          movements
                                                                                                                                        recognised in           Amounts
                                                                            Discontinuance      Recycling to              Total                Other       reclassified to
For the year to December 31, 2021                                                 of hedge       the Income          recognised       comprehensive          the Balance
(€ million)                                             Ineffectiveness1        accounting        Statement          movements               income2                 sheet
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future
revenue and expenditure                                               –                 4                39                  43                  (178)               (24)
Crude, gas oil and jet kerosene derivative
contracts                                                            (1)                73               88                 160                  (737)                  –
Derivatives used to hedge interest rates                              –                  –              (29)                (29)                   21                   –
Loan repayments to hedge future revenue                               –                  –               (15)                (15)                (120)                  –
Instruments for which hedge accounting no
longer applies                                                        –                  –              (54)                (54)                    –                   –
                                                                     (1)                77               29                 105              (1,014)                 (24)
Related deferred tax                                                                                                        (24)                  166                   3
Total movements recorded in the cash flow
hedge reserve                                                                                                                 81                 (848)               (21)
1 Ineffectiveness recognised in the Income statement is presented as Realised and Unrealised gains and losses on derivatives not qualifying for hedge
  accounting within non-operating items.
2 Amounts recognised in Other comprehensive income represent gains and losses on the hedging instrument.




                                                                               247
                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                          247
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


28 Financial instruments continued
                                                                  Amounts recognised in the Income statement                        Fair value
                                                                                                                                   movements
                                                                                                                                 recognised in          Amounts
                                                                           Discontinuance     Recycling to           Total              Other      reclassified to
For the year to December 31, 2020                                                of hedge      the Income       recognised     comprehensive         the Balance
(€ million)                                             Ineffectiveness1       accounting       Statement       movements             income2                sheet
Foreign exchange contracts to hedge future
revenue and expenditure                                               –               54               55              109                 88                 32
Crude, gas oil and jet kerosene derivative
contracts                                                             2           (1,757)            (461)          (2,216)            2,369                    –
Derivatives used to hedge interest rates                              –                –              (30)             (30)                59                (32)
Loan repayments to hedge future revenue                               –              (22)             (19)              (41)              123                   –
Instruments for which hedge accounting no
longer applies                                                        –                –              (63)             (63)                 –                   –
                                                                      2           (1,725)            (518)          (2,241)            2,639                    –
Related deferred tax                                                                                                   370              (468)                   –
Total movements recorded in the cash flow
hedge reserve                                                                                                        (1,871)             2,171                  –
1 Ineffectiveness recognised in the Income statement is presented as Realised and Unrealised gains and losses on derivatives not qualifying for hedge
  accounting within non-operating items.
2 Amounts recognised in Other comprehensive income represent gains and losses on the hedging instrument.

The losses associated with the discontinuance of hedge accounting recognised in the Income statement and the subsequent fair value
movements of those derivative instruments recorded in the Income statement through to the earlier of the balance sheet date and the
maturity date of the derivative are set out below:
€ million                                                                                                                                  2021             2020
(Gains)/losses associated with the discontinuance of hedge accounting recognised in the Income statement                                   (77)            1,725
Fair value movements subsequently recorded in the Income statement                                                                         (82)                31
Total effect of discontinuance of hedge accounting in the Income statement1                                                               (159)            1,756
1 Refer to note 3 and the Alternative performance measures section.
The Group has no significant fair value hedges at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

29 Share capital, share premium and treasury shares
                                                                                                                    Number of          Ordinary            Share
                                                                                                                       shares      share capital        premium
Allotted, called up and fully paid                                                                                      '000s          € million        € million
January 1, 2020: Ordinary shares of €0.50 each                                                                      1,992,033              996             5,327
Share capital reduction                                                                                                        –          (797)                 –
Rights issue                                                                                                       2,979,443               298            2,443
December 31, 2020: Ordinary shares of €0.10 each                                                                    4,971,476              497            7,770
December 31, 2021: Ordinary shares of €0.10 each                                                                   4,971,476               497            7,770

a     Share capital reduction
On September 8, 2020, the Company undertook a share capital reduction of €797 million, that reduced the nominal value of each ordinary
share from €0.50 per share to €0.10 per share. A corresponding amount has been recognised within Capital reserves (note 31).
b     Rights issue
On October 2, 2020, the Company raised €2,741 million (and incurred related transaction costs of €70 million as detailed in note 31)
through a rights issue of 2,979,443,376 new ordinary shares at a price of 92 € cents per share on the basis of 3 shares for every 2 existing
shares.
c     Treasury shares
A total of 5.4 million shares (2020: 2.6 million) were issued to employees during the year as a result of vesting of employee share schemes.
At December 31, 2021 the Group held 10.2 million shares (2020: 5.1 million) which represented 0.20 per cent (2020: 0.10 per cent) of the
issued share capital of the Company.




248     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts248
                                                                  2021
30 Share-based payments
The Group operates share-based payment schemes as part of the total remuneration package provided to employees. These schemes
comprise both share option schemes where employees acquire shares at an option price and share award plans whereby shares are issued
to employees at no cost, subject to the achievement by the Group of specified performance targets.
a   IAG Performance Share Plan
The IAG Performance Share Plan (PSP) is granted to senior executives and managers of the Group who are most directly involved in
shaping and delivering business success over the medium to long term. Since 2015, awards have been made as nil-cost options, with a two-
year holding period following the three-year performance period, before options can be exercised. All awards since 2015 have three
independent performance measures with equal weighting: Total Shareholder Return (TSR) relative to the STOXX Europe 600 Travel and
Leisure Index (for 2020 awards) or MSCI European Transportation Index (for prior to 2020 awards), earnings per share, and Return on
Invested Capital.
In 2020, the outstanding PSP awards granted to participants other than Executive Directors from 2018 onwards were modified, and the
resulting incremental fair value granted of £1.61 per award is recognised over the remaining vesting period.
b   IAG Restricted Share Plan
During 2021, the Group revised its approach to long-term incentives, replacing the existing PSP with a Restricted Share Plan proposal under
the new Executive Share Plan (RSP) approved by shareholders in June 2021. The RSP was introduced to increase the alignment of both
interests and outcomes between the Group’s senior management and shareholders through the build-up and maintenance of senior
management shareholdings and an increased focus on the long-term, sustainable performance of the Group. Awards have been made as
nil-cost options, with a two-year holding period following the three-year performance period, before options can be exercised. There are no
performance measures associated with the awards, although approval at the end of the vesting period will be at the discretion of the
Remuneration Committee, considering the Group’s overall performance, including financial and non-financial performance measures over
the course of the vesting period, as well as any material risk or regulatory failures identified.
c   IAG Full Potential Incentive Plan
During 2021, the Group launched the new Full Potential Incentive Plan (FPIP), which is granted to key individuals involved in the delivery of
a series of transformation projects that will enable the Group to deliver business success over the medium to long term. The Awards have
been made as nil-cost options, vesting in 2025 and dependent on stretch performance targets for 2024 and the approval of the Board.
d   IAG Incentive Award Deferral Plan
The IAG Incentive Award Deferral Plan (IADP) is granted to qualifying employees based on performance and service tests. It will be
awarded when an incentive award is triggered subject to the employee remaining in employment with the Group for three years after the
grant date. The relevant population will receive 50 per cent of their incentive award up front in cash, and the remaining 50 per cent in
shares after three years through the IADP.
e   Share-based payment schemes summary
                                                              Outstanding                                             Outstanding      Exercisable
                                                              at January 1,     Granted       Lapsed         Vested   at December     December 31,
                                                                      2021      number        number        number         31, 2021           2021
                                                                    ‘000s         ‘000s         ‘000s         ‘000s          ‘000s          ‘000s
Performance Share Plan                                            32,800              –        5,768         2,326        24,706            1,748
Restricted Share Plan                                                    –      16,260            62              –        16,198               –
Full Potential Incentive Plan                                            –      28,067            188             –       27,879                –
Incentive Award Deferral Plan                                       8,367             –           218        2,790          5,359               6
                                                                   41,167       44,327         6,236          5,116        74,142           1,754

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise of options exercised during the year to December 31, 2021 was £1.78 (2020:
£3.89).
The fair value of equity-settled share-based payment plans determined using the Monte-Carlo valuation model last granted in 2020, taking
into account the terms and conditions upon which the plans were granted, used the following assumptions:
                                                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                            2021            2020
Expected share price volatility (per cent)                                                                                       –             35
Expected comparator group volatility (per cent)                                                                                  –             20
Expected comparator group correlation (per cent)                                                                                 –             70
Expected life of options (years)                                                                                                 –            4.6
Weighted average share price at date of grant (£)                                                                                –           4.59
Weighted average fair value (£)                                                                                                  –            1.84

Volatility was calculated with reference to the Group’s weekly pound sterling share price volatility. The expected volatility reflects the
assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may not necessarily be the actual outcome. The fair value of the
PSP also takes into account a market condition of TSR as compared to strategic competitors. No other features of share-based payment
plans granted were incorporated into the measurement of fair value.
The Group recognised a share-based payment charge of €23 million for the year to December 31, 2021 (2020: credit of €8 million).




                                                                        249
                                                                       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         249
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


31 Other reserves and non-controlling interests
For the year to December 31, 2021
                                                                               Other reserves
                                                                                      Equity
                                         Unrealised     Cost of                   portion of                                               Non-
                                          gains and    hedging      Currency convertible         Merger      Capital   Total other   controlling
€ million                                    losses1   reserve2   translation3        bond4     reserve5   reserves6     reserves       interest
January 1, 2021 restated7                     (867)         38           (53)           62      (2,467)        867       (2,420)              6


Other comprehensive loss for the year
Cash flow hedges reclassified and
reported in net loss:
  Passenger revenue                              18          –              –             –           –           –            18             –
  Fuel and oil costs                           (45)          –              –             –           –           –          (45)             –
  Currency differences                          (15)         –              –             –           –           –           (15)            –
  Finance costs                                 23           –              –             –           –           –           23              –
  Discontinuance of hedge accounting           (62)          –              –             –           –           –          (62)             –
Net change in fair value of cash flow
hedges                                         848           –              –             –           –           –          848              –
Net change in fair value of cost of
hedging                                           –         10              –             –           –           –            10             –
Cost of hedging reclassified and
reported in the net profit                        –        (12)             –             –           –           –           (12)            –
Fair value movements on liabilities
attributable to credit risk changes             (15)         –              –             –           –           –           (15)            –
Currency translation differences                  –          –            (12)            –           –           –           (12)            –
Hedges reclassified and reported in
property, plant and equipment                    21        (12)             –             –           –           –             9             –
December 31, 2021                              (94)        24            (65)           62      (2,467)        867        (1,673)             6




250   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts250
                                                                2021
                                                                                           Other reserves
                                                                                                  Equity
                                                  Unrealised       Cost of                    portion of                                                 Non-
                                                   gains and      hedging       Currency convertible         Merger       Capital   Total other    controlling
€ million                                             losses1     reserve2    translation3        bond4     reserve5    reserves6     reserves        interest
January 1, 2020                                        (464)           60            160            62      (2,467)           70        (2,579)             6


Other comprehensive income for the
year
Cash flow hedges reclassified and
reported in net profit:
Passenger revenue                                        50              –              –             –           –             –           50              –
  Fuel and oil costs                                    356              –              –             –           –             –          356              –
  Currency differences                                    18             –              –             –           –             –            18             –
  Finance costs                                           12             –              –             –           –             –            12             –
  Discontinuance of hedge accounting                   1,435             –              –             –           –             –        1,435              –
Net change in fair value of cash flow
hedges                                                (2,216)            –              –             –           –             –       (2,216)             –
Net change in fair value of other equity
investments                                              (53)            –              –             –           –             –          (53)             –
Net change in fair value of cost of
hedging                                                    –            10              –             –           –             –            10             –
Cost of hedging reclassified and
reported in the net profit                                 –           (19)             –             –           –             –           (19)            –
Currency translation differences7                          –             –          (213)             –           –             –         (213)             –
Hedges reclassified and reported in
property, plant and equipment                             (5)          (13)             –             –           –             –           (18)            –
Share capital reduction                                    –             –              –             –           –          797           797              –
December 31, 2020 restated7                            (867)           38            (53)           62      (2,467)          867       (2,420)              6
1 The unrealised gains and losses reserve records fair value changes on equity investments and the portion of the amounts on hedging instruments in cash flow
  hedges that are determined to be effective hedges. The amounts at December 31, 2021 that relate to the fair value changes on equity instruments and to the
  cash flow hedge reserve were €9 million credit and €128 million charge, respectively.
2 The cost of hedging reserve records, amongst others, changes on the time value of options.
3 The currency translation reserve records exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of non-euro functional currency
  subsidiaries and investments accounted for under the equity method into the Group’s reporting currency of euros. The movement through this reserve is
  affected by the fluctuations in the pound sterling to euro foreign exchange translation rate.
4 The equity portion of convertible bond reserve represents the equity portion of convertible bonds issued. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, this related to the
  €500 million fixed rate 0.625 per cent convertible bond maturing 2022 (note 25).
5 The merger reserve originated from the merger transaction between British Airways and Iberia. The balance represents the difference between the fair value
  of the Group on the transaction date, and the fair value of Iberia and the book value of British Airways (including its reserves).
6 Capital reserves include a Redeemed capital reserve of €70 million (2020: €70 million) associated with the decrease in share capital relating to cancelled
  shares and a Share capital reduction reserve of €797 million (2020: 797 million) associated with a reduction in the nominal value of the Company’s share
  capital (note 29).
7 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.




                                                                               251
                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               251
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


32 Employee benefit obligations
The Group operates a variety of post-employment benefit arrangements, covering both defined contribution and defined benefit schemes.
The Group also has a scheme for flight crew who meet certain conditions and therefore have the option of being placed on reserve and
retaining their employment relationship until reaching the statutory retirement age, or taking early retirement (note 26).
Defined contribution schemes
The Group operates a number of defined contribution schemes for its employees.
Costs recognised in respect of defined contribution pension plans in Spain, UK and Ireland for the year to December 31, 2021 were €200
million (2020: €235 million).
Defined benefit schemes
The principal funded defined benefit pension schemes within the Group are the Airways Pension Scheme (APS) and the New Airways
Pension Scheme (NAPS), both of which are in the UK and are closed to new members.
APS has been closed to new members since 1984, but remains open to future accrual. The benefits provided under APS are based on final
average pensionable pay and, for the majority of members, are subject to inflationary increases in payment.
NAPS has been closed to new members since 2004 and closed to future accrual since 2018, resulting in a reduction of the defined benefit
obligation. Following closure members’ deferred pensions will now be increased annually by inflation up to five per cent per annum
(measured using the Government’s annual Pension Increase (Review) Orders, which since 2011 have been based on CPI).
APS and NAPS are governed by separate Trustee Boards. Although APS and NAPS have separate Trustee Boards, much of the business of
the two schemes is common. Some main Board and committee meetings are held in tandem although each Trustee Board reaches its
decisions independently. There are three sub committees which are separately responsible for the governance, operation and investments
of each scheme. British Airways Pension Trustees Limited holds the assets of both schemes on behalf of their respective Trustees.

32 Employee benefit obligations continued
Triennially, the Trustees of APS and NAPS undertake actuarial valuations, which are subsequently agreed with British Airways to determine
the cash contributions and any deficit payments plans through to the next valuation date, as well as ensuring that the schemes have
sufficient funds available to meet future benefit payments to members. These actuarial valuations are prepared using the principles set out
in UK Pension legislation. This differs from the IAS 19 ‘Employee benefits’ valuation, which is used for deriving the Income statement and
Balance sheet positions, and uses a best-estimate approach overall. The different purpose and principles lead to different assumptions
being used, and therefore a different estimate for the liabilities and deficit.
At December 31, 2021, the triennial valuations as at March 31, 2021 were not finalised and accordingly the latest actuarial valuations of both
APS and NAPS were performed as at March 31, 2018, which resulted in a surplus of €683 million for APS and a deficit of €2,736 million for
NAPS. The actuarial valuations performed for APS and NAPS are different to the valuation performed as at December 31, 2021 under IAS 19
‘Employee Benefits’ mainly due to timing differences of the measurement dates and to the specific scheme assumptions in the actuarial
valuation compared with IAS 19 guidance used in the accounting valuation assumptions.
Other plans
British Airways also operates post-retirement schemes in a number of jurisdictions outside of the UK. The principal scheme is the British
Airways Plc Pension Plan (USA) based in the United States and referred to as the ‘US Plan’. The US Plan is considered to be a defined
benefit scheme and is closed to new members and to future accrual.
The majority of the British Airways other plans are fully funded, but there are also a number of unfunded plans, where the Group meets the
benefit payment obligations as they fall due.
In addition, Aer Lingus operates certain defined benefit plans, both funded and unfunded.
Risk associated with the defined benefit schemes
The defined benefit schemes expose the Group to a range of risks, with the following being the most significant:
• Asset volatility risk – the scheme obligations are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to high quality corporate bond yields.
  If scheme assets underperform this yield, this will reduce the surplus / increase the deficit, depending on the scheme. Certain of the
  schemes hold a significant proportion of equities, which are expected to outperform corporate bonds in the long term while creating
  volatility and risk in the short term;
• Longevity risk – the majority of the scheme obligations are to provide benefits over the life of the scheme members. An increase in life
  expectancy will result in a corresponding increase in the defined benefit obligation;
• Interest rate risk – a decrease in interest rates will increase plan liabilities, although this will be partially offset by an increase in the value of
  certain of the scheme assets;
• Inflation risk – a significant proportion of the scheme obligations are linked to inflation, such that any increase in inflation will cause an
  increase in the obligations. While certain of the scheme assets are indexed to inflation, any expected increase in the scheme assets from
  inflation would be disproportionately lower than the increase in the scheme obligations; and
• Currency risk – a number of scheme assets are denominated in currencies other than the pound sterling. Weakening of those currencies,
  or strengthening of the pound sterling, in the long term, will have the effect of reducing the value of scheme assets.




252    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts252
                                                                2021
a       Cash payments and funding arrangements
Cash payments in respect to pension obligations comprise normal employer contributions by the Group and deficit contributions based on
the agreed deficit payment plan with APS and NAPS. Total payments for the year to December 31, 2021 net of service costs made by the
Group were €38 million (2020: €313 million) being the employer contributions of €41 million (2020: €318 million) less the current service
cost of €3 million (2020: €5 million) (note 32b).
Future funding arrangements
Pension contributions for APS and NAPS were determined by actuarial valuations made at March 31, 2018, using assumptions and
methodologies agreed between the Group and Trustee of each scheme.
In total, the Group expects to pay €1 million in employer contributions to APS and NAPS in 2022.
The following graph provides the undiscounted benefit payments to be made by the trustees of APS and NAPS over the remaining
expected duration of the schemes:

Projected benefit payments from the valuation date (€ million, unaudited)

1000

800

600

400


    200

    0

          2022     2027   2032   2037     2042      2047     2052     2057      2062     2067      2072     2077     2082      2087     2092

        APS      NAPS

The amounts and timing of these projected benefit payments are subject to the aforementioned risks to the schemes.
Deficit contributions and deferred deficit contributions
At the date of the actuarial valuation, the actuarial deficit of NAPS amounted to €2,736 million. In order to address the deficit in the scheme,
the Group has also committed to deficit contribution payments through to the end of the first quarter of 2023 amounting to approximately
€130 million per quarter. The deficit contribution plan includes an over-funding protection mechanism, based on the triennial valuation
methodology for measuring the deficit, whereby deficit contributions are paid into an escrow account if the scheme funding position
reaches 97 per cent, and are suspended if the funding position reaches 100 per cent, with a mechanism for contributions to resume if the
contribution level subsequently falls below 100 per cent, which includes additional contributions equivalent to those months where
contributions had been suspended, or until such point as the scheme funding level reaches 97 per cent.
During the year ended and as at December 31, 2021, the NAPS funding position exceeded 100 per cent and accordingly deficit contributions
were suspended. At December 31, 2021, the valuation of the funding level incorporates significant forward-looking assumptions, such that
the Group currently does not expect to make further deficit contributions. Given the long-term nature of the NAPS scheme, these
assumptions are subject to uncertainty and there can be no guarantee that deficit contributions will not resume in the future or that
additional deficit contributions will be incorporated into future triennial actuarial valuations.
At December 31, 2021, had the over-funding protection mechanism not been applied, then the asset ceiling adjustment (as detailed in note
32c) would have been €289 million higher.
On December 18, 2020 British Airways reached agreement with the Trustee of NAPS to defer deficit contributions on an interim basis for
the period between September 1, 2020 and January 31, 2021. On February 19, 2021 British Airways reached further agreement with the
Trustee of NAPS to defer deficit contributions previously agreed in October 2019 on the March 31, 2018 valuation, through to August 31,
2021. Under this deferral agreement, the deferred payments will be incorporated into the future deficit payment plan and associated deficit
contributions arising from the triennial valuation of the NAPS scheme as at March 31, 2021. The deferred deficit contribution payments do
not include an over-funding protection mechanism.
At December 31, 2021, the Group is committed to the following undiscounted deficit payments, which are deductible for tax purposes at the
statutory rate of tax:
                                                                                                                                          Other
€ million                                                                                                                   NAPS       schemes
Within 12 months                                                                                                                –               4
1-2 years                                                                                                                   397                 –
2-5 years                                                                                                                    175                –
Greater than 5 years                                                                                                            –               –
Total expected deficit payments                                                                                             572                 4

Deficit payments in respect of local arrangements outside of the UK have been determined in accordance with local practice.
Under the contribution deferral agreement between British Airways and the Trustee of NAPS, in the period up to December 31, 2023, no
dividend payment is permitted from British Airways to IAG. From 2024 onwards, any dividends paid by British Airways will be matched by
contributions to NAPS of 50 per cent of the value of dividends paid. Any such payments to NAPS will reduce the outstanding repayment
balance and are capped at that level. The requirement to make such payments to NAPS ceases after deferred contributions have been
repaid.




                                                                      253
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021            253
    Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


32 Employee benefit obligations continued
b     Employee benefit scheme amounts recognised in the financial statements
i     Amounts recognised on the Balance sheet
                                                                                                                             2021
€ million                                                                                                   APS           NAPS           Other            Total
Scheme assets at fair value                                                                              8,869         25,055             446          34,370
Present value of scheme liabilities4                                                                    (8,333)       (22,583)           (706)        (31,622)
Net pension asset/(liability)                                                                              536           2,472           (260)          2,748
Effect of the asset ceiling1                                                                               (186)        (1,061)               –        (1,247)
Other employee benefit obligations                                                                            –               –             (11)            (11)
December 31, 2021                                                                                          350            1,411           (271)         1,490
Represented by:
Employee benefit asset                                                                                                                                   1,775
Employee benefit obligation                                                                                                                              (285)
Net employee benefit asset3, 4                                                                                                                          1,490


                                                                                                                             2020
€ million                                                                                                   APS           NAPS           Other            Total
Scheme assets at fair value                                                                              8,537         22,240             408           31,185
Present value of scheme liabilities2, 4                                                                 (8,064)        (21,778)           (714)       (30,556)
Net pension asset/(liability)2                                                                             473             462           (306)            629
Effect of the asset ceiling1, 2                                                                             (151)         (610)               –           (761)
Other employee benefit obligations                                                                            –               –             (11)            (11)
December 31, 2020                                                                                           322           (148)           (317)           (143)
Represented by:
Employee benefit asset2                                                                                                                                   334
Employee benefit obligation2                                                                                                                             (477)
Net employee benefit obligation3, 4                                                                                                                       (143)
1 APS and NAPS have an accounting surplus under IAS 19, which would be available to the Group as a refund upon wind up of the scheme. This refund is
  restricted due to withholding taxes that would be payable by the Trustee arising on both the net pension asset and the future contractual minimum funding
  requirements.
2 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.
3 The net deferred tax asset recognised on the net employee benefit asset (2020: obligation) was €62 million at December 31, 2021 (2020: €322 million).
  The defined benefit obligation includes €25 million (2020: €24 million) arising from unfunded plans.
4 Includes Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs), which the Trustees hold as assets to secure additional benefits on a defined contribution basis for those
  members who elect to make such AVCs. At December 31, 2021, such assets were €391 million (2020: €436 million) with a corresponding amount recorded in
  the scheme liabilities.

ii  Amounts recognised in the Income statement
Pension costs charged to operating result are:
€ million                                                                                                                                 2021           2020
Defined benefit plans:
Current service cost                                                                                                                          3              5
Past service cost1                                                                                                                            –              7
Administrative expenses2                                                                                                                    29              25
                                                                                                                                            32              37
Defined contribution plans                                                                                                                200             235
Pension costs recorded as employee costs                                                                                                   232            272
1 Includes a past service credit of €nil (2020: €nil) relating to schemes other than APS and NAPS.
2 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.
€ million                                                                                                                                 2021           2020
Interest income on scheme assets                                                                                                         (432)           (599)
Interest expense on scheme liabilities1                                                                                                   425             573
Interest expense on asset ceiling                                                                                                            9              14
Net financing charge/(credit) relating to pensions                                                                                            2            (12)
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




254     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts254
                                                                  2021
iii   Amounts recognised in the Statement of other comprehensive income
€ million                                                                                                                                 2021          2020
Return on plan assets excluding interest income1                                                                                      (2,495)          (2,268)
Remeasurement of plan liabilities from changes in financial assumptions                                                                    46          3,633
Remeasurement of experience losses/(gains)1                                                                                               427            (421)
Remeasurement of the APS and NAPS asset ceilings           1
                                                                                                                                          419           (308)
Exchange movements1                                                                                                                       (14)             11
Pension remeasurements charged to Other comprehensive income                                                                            (1,617)          647
Deferred tax arising on pension remeasurements1                                                                                           217            (60)
Pension remeasurements charged to Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                              (1,400)            587
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.

c     Fair value of scheme assets
i    Investment strategies
For both APS and NAPS, the Trustee has ultimate responsibility for decision making on investments matters, including the asset-liability
matching strategy. The latter is a form of investing designed to match the movement in pension plan assets with the movement in the
projected benefit obligation over time. The Trustees’ investment committee adopts an annual business plan which sets out investment
objectives and work required to support achievement of these objectives. The committee also deals with the monitoring of performance
and activities, including work on developing the strategic benchmark to improve the risk return profile of the scheme where possible, as
well as having a trigger-based dynamic governance process to be able to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. The investment
committee reviews the existing investment restrictions, performance benchmarks and targets, as well as continuing to develop the de-
risking and liability hedging portfolio.
Both schemes use derivative instruments for investment purposes and to manage exposures to financial risks, such as interest rate, foreign
exchange, longevity and liquidity risks arising in the normal course of business. Exposure to interest rate risk is managed through the use of
Inflation-Linked Swap contracts. Foreign exchange forward contracts are entered into to mitigate the risk of currency fluctuations.
Longevity risk is managed through the use of buy-in insurance contracts, asset swaps and longevity swaps.
The strategic benchmark for asset allocations differentiate between ‘return seeking assets’ and ‘liability matching assets’ depending on the
maturity of each scheme. At December 31, 2021, the benchmark for NAPS was 37 per cent (2020: 42 per cent) in return seeking assets and
63 per cent (2020: 58 per cent) in liability matching investments. Bandwidths are set around these strategic benchmarks that allow for
tactical asset allocation decisions, providing parameters for the investment committee and their investment managers to work within. APS
no longer has a ‘strategic benchmark’ as instead, APS now runs off its liquidation portfolio to a liability matching portfolio of bonds and
cash. The actual asset allocation for APS at December 31, 2021 was 1 per cent (2020: 1 per cent) in return seeking assets and 99 per cent
(2020: 99 per cent) in liability matching investments.
ii  Movement in scheme assets
A reconciliation of the opening and closing balances of the fair value of scheme assets is set out below:
€ million                                                                                                                               2021            2020
January 1                                                                                                                             31,185           31,681
Interest income                                                                                                                         432              599
Administrative expenses2                                                                                                                 (21)            (25)
Return on plan assets excluding interest income2                                                                                      2,495            2,268
Employer contributions1                                                                                                                   41              313
Employee contributions                                                                                                                    13               14
Benefits paid2                                                                                                                       (1,930)           (1,528)
Exchange movements                                                                                                                     2,155           (2,137)
December 31                                                                                                                         34,370             31,185
1 Includes employer contributions to APS of €1 million (2020: €2 million) and to NAPS of €nil (2020: €303 million) of which deficit-funding payments
  represented €nil for APS (2020: €nil) and €nil for NAPS (2020: €296 million).
2 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.




                                                                            255
                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 255
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


32 Employee benefit obligations continued
iii Composition of scheme assets
Scheme assets held by the Group at December 31 comprise:
                                                                                                          2021
€ million                                                                                APS           NAPS           Other           Total          20201
Return seeking investments
Listed equities - UK                                                                        –           220               4            224           1,468
Listed equities - Rest of world                                                            12          4,222            207          4,441          4,724
Private equities                                                                           39          1,604               –         1,643           1,062
Properties                                                                                  4          2,475               2         2,481           1,798
Alternative investments                                                                    53          1,829             43          1,925            880
                                                                                         108         10,350             256         10,714          9,932
Liability matching investments
Government issued fixed bonds                                                            733          9,824             124         10,681          6,985
Government issued index-linked bonds                                                     1,311         7,190              10          8,511         6,524
Asset and longevity swaps                                                               6,351              –               –         6,351          4,424
Insurance contract                                                                          –              –             27             27           1,660
                                                                                       8,395          17,014             161       25,570          19,593
Other
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                292            837               10          1,139           949
Derivative financial instruments                                                          84          (3,219)              –        (3,135)          (228)
Other investments                                                                         (10)            73              19            82            939
                                                                                         366         (2,309)             29          (1,914)         1,660
Total scheme assets                                                                    8,869         25,055            446         34,370           31,185
1 The scheme assets at December 31, 2020 have been re-presented to conform with the 2021 presentation. There has been no change in the overall fair value of
  the scheme assets.
The fair values of the Group’s scheme assets, which are not derived from quoted process on active markets, are determined depending on
the nature of the inputs used in determining the fair values (see note 28b for further details) and using the following methods and
assumptions:
• Private equities are valued at fair value based on the most recent transaction price or third-party net asset, revenue or earnings-based
  valuations that generally result in the use of significant unobservable inputs.
• Properties are valued based on an analysis of recent market transactions supported by market knowledge derived from third-party
  professional valuers that generally result in the use of significant unobservable inputs.
• Alternative investments fair values, which predominantly include holdings in investment and infrastructure funds are determined based
  on the most recent available valuations applying the Net Asset Value methodology and issued by fund administrators or investment
  managers and adjusted for any cash movements having occurred from the date of the valuation and the reporting date.
• Other investments predominantly includes: interest receivable on bonds; dividends from listed and private equities that have been
  declared but not received at the balance sheet date; receivables from the sale of assets for which the proceeds have not been collected
  at the balance sheet date; and payables for the purchase of assets which have not been settled at the balance sheet date.
• Asset and longevity swaps - APS has a contract with Rothesay Life, entered into in 2010 and extended in 2013, which covers 25 per cent
  (2020: 24 per cent) of the pensioner liabilities for an agreed list of members. Under the contract, to reduce the risk of long-term longevity
  risk, Rothesay Life makes benefit payments monthly in respect of the agreed list of members in return for the contractual return
  receivable on a portfolio of assets (made up of quoted government debt, asset swaps and longevity swaps) held by the scheme. The
  Group holds the portfolio of assets at their fair value, with the government debt held at their quoted market price and the swaps
  accounted for at their estimated discounted future cash flows.
  During 2011, APS entered into a longevity swap with Rothesay Life, which covers an additional 21 per cent (2020: 20 per cent) of the
  pensioner liabilities for the same agreed list of members as the 2010 contract. Under the longevity swap, to reduce the risk of long-term
  longevity risk, APS makes a fixed payment to Rothesay Life each month reflecting the prevailing mortality assumptions at the inception
  of the contract, and Rothesay Life make a monthly payment to APS reflecting the actual monthly benefit payments to members. The
  cash flows are settled net each month. If pensioners live longer than expected at inception of the longevity swap, Rothesay Life will make
  payments to the scheme to offset the additional cost of paying pensioners and if pensioners do not live as long as expected, then the
  scheme will make payments to Rothesay Life. The Group holds the longevity swap at fair value, determined at the estimated discounted
  future cash flows.
• Insurance contract - During 2018 the Trustee of APS secured a buy-in contract with Legal & General. The buy-in contract covers all
  members in receipt of pensions from APS at March 31, 2018, excluding dependent children, receiving a pension at that date and members
  in receipt of equivalent pension-only benefits, who were alive on October 1, 2018. Benefits coming into payment for retirements after
  March 31, 2018 are not covered. The contract covers benefits payable from October 1, 2018 onwards. The policy covers approximately 60
  per cent of all benefits APS expects to pay out in future. Along with existing contracts with Rothesay Life, APS is 90 per cent protected
  against all longevity risk and fully protected in relation to all pensions that were already being paid as at March 31, 2018. It is also more
  than 90 per cent protected against interest rates and inflation (on a Retail Price Index basis).




256     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts256
                                                                 2021
iv Effect of the asset ceiling
In measuring the valuation of the net defined benefit asset for each scheme, the Group limits such measurement to the lower of the surplus
in each scheme and the respective asset ceiling. The asset ceiling represents the present value of the economic benefits available in the
form of a refund or a reduction in future contributions after they are paid into the plan. The Group has determined that the recoverability
of such surpluses, including minimum funding requirements, will be subject to withholding taxes in the UK, payable by the Trustee, of
35 per cent.
The future committed NAPS deficit contributions, as detailed in note 32a, are treated as minimum funding requirements under IAS 19 and
are not recognised as part of the scheme assets or liabilities. The Group has determined that upon the wind up of the scheme, that if the
scheme is in surplus, including the incorporation of the minimum funding requirements, then the surplus will be available as a refund or a
reduction in future contributions after they are paid into the scheme. The recovery of such amounts are subject to UK withholding tax
payable by the Trustee. In measuring the recoverability of the surplus for each scheme, the Group limits such measurement to the lower of
the surplus in each scheme and the respective asset ceiling. The asset ceiling represents the present value of the economic benefits
available upon wind up of the scheme, less the application of withholding taxes in the UK, payable by the Trustee, at 35 per cent.
A reconciliation of the effect of the asset ceiling used in calculating the IAS 19 irrecoverable surplus in APS and NAPS is set out below:
€ million                                                                                                                                2021             2020
January 11                                                                                                                                  761           1,130
Interest expense                                                                                                                             9                14
Remeasurements1                                                                                                                             419          (307)
Exchange movements1                                                                                                                         59             (76)
December 31                                                                                                                             1,248              761
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.

d    Present value of scheme liabilities
i   Movement in scheme liabilities
A reconciliation of the opening and closing balances of the present value of the defined benefit obligations is set out below:
€ million                                                                                                                                2021             2020
January 11                                                                                                                            30,556           30,335
Current service cost                                                                                                                         3                5
Past service cost/(credit)                                                                                                                    –               7
Interest expense1                                                                                                                        425               573
Remeasurements – financial assumptions                                                                                                      46           3,633
Remeasurements of experience losses/(gains)1                                                                                             427              (421)
Benefits paid1                                                                                                                        (1,930)           (1,528)
Employee contributions                                                                                                                       13               14
Exchange movements1                                                                                                                    2,082           (2,062)
December 31                                                                                                                           31,622           30,556
1 The 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes. Further
  information is given in note 2.

ii  Scheme liability assumptions
The principal assumptions used for the purposes of the IAS 19 valuations were as follows:
                                                                                      2021                                           2020
                                                                                                          Other                                         Other
 Per cent per annum                                                         APS           NAPS         schemes            APS           NAPS         schemes
Discount rate1                                                             1.80            1.90      0.3 – 6.5            1.20           1.40       0.5 – 2.4
Rate of increase in pensionable pay2                                       3.55               –      2.0 – 6.0            2.95                –             2.5
Rate of increase of pensions in payment3                                   3.55           2.85       2.0 – 3.0            2.95           2.25          1.1 – 3.5
RPI rate of inflation                                                      3.55              3.3      1.8 – 2.5           2.95           2.80       2.5 – 2.7
CPI rate of inflation                                                      2.95           2.85        1.8 – 2.5           2.25           2.25          1.1 – 3.0
1 Discount rate is determined by reference to the yield on high quality corporate bonds of currency and term consistent with the scheme liabilities.
2 Rate of increase in pensionable pay is assumed to be in line with increases in RPI.
3 It has been assumed that the rate of increase of pensions in payment will be in line with CPI for NAPS and APS as at December 31, 2021.
4 The rate of increase in healthcare costs for schemes based in the United States is based on medical trend rates of 6.00 per cent grading down to 5.00 per
  cent over five years (2020: 6.25 per cent to 5.00 per cent over five years).




                                                                             257
                                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                  257
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


32 Employee benefit obligations continued
In the UK, mortality rates for APS and NAPS are calculated using the standard SAPS mortality tables produced by the CMI. The standard
mortality tables were selected based on the actual recent mortality experience of members and were adjusted to allow for future mortality
changes. Life expectancy assumptions do not reflect any adjustments for the impact of COVID-19 due to the uncertainty of the long-term
effects. The current longevities underlying the values of the scheme liabilities were as follows:
Mortality assumptions                                                                                                        2021            2020
Life expectancy at age 60 for a:
• male currently aged 60                                                                                                     28.1            28.2
• male currently aged 40                                                                                                    29.9             29.9
• female currently aged 60                                                                                                  29.5             29.3
• female currently aged 40                                                                                                   31.9            31.8

For schemes in the United States, mortality rates were based on the MP-2021 mortality tables.
At December 31, 2021, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 12 years for APS (2020: 12 years) and 19 years
for NAPS (2020: 20 years). The weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligations was 11 to 23 years for other schemes (2020:
11 to 24 years). The weighted average duration represents a single figure for the average number of years over which the employee benefit
liability discounted cash flows is extinguished and is highly dependent on movements in the aforementioned discount rates.
iii Sensitivity analysis
Reasonable possible changes at the reporting date to significant valuation assumptions, holding other assumptions constant, would have
affected the present value of scheme liabilities by the amounts shown:
                                                                                                            Increase in scheme liabilities
                                                                                                                                            Other
€ million                                                                                                    APS            NAPS         schemes
Discount rate (decrease of 10 basis points)                                                                  (35)           (424)              (9)
Future salary growth (increase of 10 basis points)                                                            n/a            n/a               (3)
Future pension growth (increase of 10 basis points)                                                          (47)          (400)              (4)
Future mortality rate (one year increase in life expectancy)                                                  (35)           (871)           (34)

Although the analysis does not take into account the full distribution of cash flows expected under the plan, it does provide an
approximation of the sensitivity of the assumptions shown.

33 Contingent liabilities and guarantees
Details of contingent liabilities are set out below. The Group does not consider it probable that there will be an outflow of economic
resources with regard to these proceedings and accordingly no provision for these proceedings has been recognised.
Contingent liabilities associated with income and deferred taxes are presented in note 10.
There are a number of other legal and regulatory proceedings against the Group in a number of jurisdictions which at December 31, 2021
amounted to €22 million (December 31, 2020: €56 million).
The Group also has guarantees and indemnities entered into as part of the normal course of business, which at December 31, 2021 are not
expected to result in material losses for the Group.




258    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts258
                                                                2021
34 Government grants and assistance
The Group has availed itself of government grants and assistance as follows:
The Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS) – recognised net within Employee costs
The CJRS was implemented by the Government of the United Kingdom from March 1, 2020 to August 30, 2020, where those employees
designated as being ‘furloughed workers’ were eligible to have 80 per cent of their wage costs paid up to a maximum of £2,500 per month.
From September 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020, the level of eligibility reduced to 70 per cent of wage costs and up to a maximum of
£2,197.50 per month. From October 1, 2020 to October 31, 2020, the level of eligibility reduced to 60 per cent of wage costs and up to a
maximum of £1,875 per month. Following the introduction of further lockdown restrictions in the United Kingdom in November 2020, the
CJRS was extended from November 1, 2020 to November 30, 2020 and then further to March 31, 2021 and then further again to September
30, 2021 with the level of eligibility increased to 80 per cent of wage costs and a maximum of £2,500 per month through to the end of June
2021. From July 1, 2021 the eligibility decreased down each month to 60 per cent of wage costs and a maximum of £1,875 per month by
September 30, 2021, at which time the CJRS ended.
Such costs were paid by the Government to the Group in arrears. The Group was obliged to continue to pay the associated social security
costs and employer pension contributions.
The Temporary Wage Subsidy Scheme (TWSS) and the Employment Wage Subsidy Scheme (EWSS) – recognised net within
Employee costs
The TWSS was implemented by the government of Ireland from March 1, 2020 to August 30, 2020, where those employees designated as
being furloughed workers were eligible to have 85 per cent of their wage costs paid up to a maximum of €410 per week. This scheme was
replaced with the EWSS from September 1, 2020 and is expected to run through to April, 2022. For those qualifying employees (earning
less than €1,462 per week), the government will reimburse wage costs up to a maximum of €203 per week. Such costs are paid by the
government to the Group in arrears.
The total amount of the relief received under the CJRS, the TWSS and the EWSS by the Group during 2021 amounted to €286 million
(2020: €344 million).
Temporary Redundancy Plan (ERTE) – no recognition in the financial statements of the Group
The ERTE was implemented by the government of Spain from March 1, 2020 and is expected to run through to February 28, 2022. Under
this plan, employment was temporarily suspended and those designated employees were paid directly by the government and there was
no remittance made to the Group. The Group was obliged to continue to pay the associated social security costs.
Had those designated employees not been temporarily suspended during 2021, the Group would have incurred further employee costs of
€269 million (2020: €214 million).
The Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF) – recognised within Long-term borrowings
On December 23, 2020, Aer Lingus entered into a financing arrangement for €75 million. On March 27, 2021, Aer Lingus entered into a
further financing arrangement to extend the total amount to €150 million.
The UK Export Finance (UKEF) – recognised within Long-term borrowings
On February 22, 2021, British Airways entered into a 5-year term loan Export Development Guarantee Facility of €2.3 billion (£2.0 billion)
underwritten by a syndicate of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. The facility is unsecured.
On November 1, 2021, British Airways entered into a further 5-year term loan Export Development Guarantee Facility of €1.2 billion (£1.0
billion) underwritten by a syndicate of banks, with 80 per cent of the principal guaranteed by UKEF. The facility is unsecured. At December
31, 2021 the facility remained undrawn.




                                                                    259
                                                                   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021       259
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


35 Related party transactions
The following transactions took place with related parties for the financial years to December 31:
€ million                                                                                                                                  2021           2020
Sales of goods and services
Sales to associates1                                                                                                                          6              12
Sales to significant shareholders2                                                                                                           16             23


Purchases of goods and services
Purchases from associates3                                                                                                                  49              42
Purchases from significant shareholders2                                                                                                    69              80


Receivables from related parties
Amounts owed by associates4                                                                                                                   1               1
Amounts owed by significant shareholders5                                                                                                     5               1


Payables to related parties
Amounts owed to associates6                                                                                                                   3              2
Amounts owed to significant shareholders5                                                                                                     2               1
1 Sales to associates: Consisted primarily of sales for airline-related services to Dunwoody Airline Services (Holding) Limited (Dunwoody) of €5 million (2020:
  €9 million), €nil (2020: €1 million) to Viajes Ame S.A. and €1 million (2020: €1 million) to Serpista, S.A. and Multiservicios Aeroportuarios, S.A.
2 Sales to and purchases from significant shareholders related to interline services with Qatar Airways.
3 Purchases from associates: Consisted primarily of €33 million of airport auxiliary services purchased from Multiservicios Aeroportuarios, S.A. (2020: €23
  million), €8 million of handling services provided by Dunwoody (2020: €9 million) and €8 million of maintenance services received from Serpista, S.A. (2020:
  €7 million).
4 Amounts owed by associates: Consisted primarily of €1 million of services provided to Multiservicios Aeroportuarios, S.A., Serpista, S.A., Dunwoody and
  Empresa Hispano Cubana de Mantenimiento de Aeronaves, Ibeca, S.A. (2020: €1 million).
5 Amounts owed by and to significant shareholders related to Qatar Airways.
6 Amounts owed to associates: Consisted primarily of €3 million due to Multiservicios Aeroportuarios, S.A., Empresa Hispano Cubana de Mantenimiento de
  Aeronaves, Ibeca, S.A., Viajes Ame S.A, Serpista, S.A. and Dunwoody (2020: €2 million).
During the year to December 31, 2021 British Airways met certain costs of administering its retirement benefit plans, including the provision
of support services to the Trustees. Costs borne on behalf of the retirement benefit plans amounted to €6 million (2020: €7 million) in
relation to the costs of the Pension Protection Fund levy.
The Group has transactions with related parties that are conducted in the normal course of the airline business, which include the provision
of airline and related services. All such transactions are carried out on an arm’s length basis.
For the year to December 31, 2021, the Group has not made any provision for expected credit loss arising relating to amounts owed by
related parties (2020: nil).
Significant shareholders
In this instance, significant shareholders are those parties who have the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions
of the Group, as a result of their shareholdings in the Group, but who do not have control over these policies.
At December 31, 2021 the Group had cash deposit balances with shareholders holding a participation of between 3 to 5 per cent, of €nil
(2020: €nil).
Board of Directors and Management Committee remuneration
Compensation received by the Group’s Board of Directors and Management Committee, in 2021 and 2020 is as follows:
                                                                                                                                      Year to December 31
€ million                                                                                                                                 2021          2020
Base salary, fees and benefits
Board of Directors
Short-term benefits                                                                                                                           3              3
Share based payments                                                                                                                          –               –
Management Committee
Short-term benefits                                                                                                                          11              5
Share based payments                                                                                                                          1               –

For the year to December 31, 2021 the Board of Directors includes remuneration for one Executive Director (December 31, 2020: three
Executive Directors). The Management Committee includes remuneration for 14 members (December 31, 2020: 14 members).
The Company provides life insurance for all executive directors and the Management Committee. For the year to December 31, 2021 the
Company's obligation was €35,000 (2020: €38,000).
At December 31, 2021 the transfer value of accrued pensions covered under defined benefit pension obligation schemes, relating to the
current members of the Management Committee totalled €9 million (2020: €9 million).
No loan or credit transactions were outstanding with Directors or officers of the Group at December 31, 2021 (2020: nil).




260     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts260
                                                                  2021
36 Change in accounting policy
Change in accounting policy relating to employee benefits
During the course of 2021, the Group has changed its accounting policy with regard to the treatment of administration costs associated
with the APS and NAPS Defined benefit schemes. The change in policy has been adopted to better reflect the underlying management and
operation of these schemes, while remaining in compliance with IAS 19. This change in accounting policy has been applied retrospectively
to the consolidated financial statements and is detailed below.
Previously a discounted estimate of future administration costs was included as part of the APS and NAPS defined benefit obligations.
Under the updated accounting policy, administration costs are now recognised as incurred and included within Employee costs in the
Income statement. This change has had the effect of reducing the defined benefit obligation and increasing retained earnings at both
December 31, 2020 and January 1, 2020. It has in addition increased the charge to Employee costs and the Financing charge relating to
pensions in the Income statement, as well as increased the Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations and Currency
translation differences in the Statement of other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2020.
The impact of the changes in these accounting policies on the Consolidated income statement and the Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income for 2020, as well as the Consolidated balance sheet at December 1, 2020 and January 1, 2020 are shown below:
Consolidated income statement (extract for the year to December 31, 2020)
                                                                                                                 Adjustment –
                                                                                                                administration
€ million                                                                                          Reported              costs   Restated
Total revenue                                                                                        7,806                  –     7,806


Employee costs                                                                                       3,560                 25      3,585
Other expenditure on operations                                                                      11,672                 –      11,672
Total expenditure on operations                                                                     15,232                 25     15,257
Operating loss                                                                                      (7,426)               (25)    (7,451)


Net financing credit relating to pensions                                                                 4                 8           12
Other financing items                                                                                 (384)                 –       (384)
Other non-operating items                                                                                (4)                –           (4)
Total net non-operating costs                                                                         (384)                 8       (376)
Loss before tax                                                                                     (7,810)               (17)    (7,827)
Tax                                                                                                    887                  5        892
Loss after tax for the year                                                                         (6,923)               (12)    (6,935)
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income (extract for the year to December 31, 2020)
                                                                                                                 Adjustment –
                                                                                                                administration
€ million                                                                                          Reported              costs   Restated
Items that may be classified subsequently to net profit
Currency translation differences                                                                       (192)              (21)      (213)
Other items that may be classified subsequently to net profit                                         (335)                 –       (335)


Items that will not be reclassified to net profit
Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations                                                 (632)                36       (596)
Other items that will not be reclassified to net profit                                                 (72)                –        (72)
Total other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                               (1,231)              15      (1,216)
Loss after tax for the year                                                                         (6,923)               (12)    (6,935)


Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                                (8,154)                3      (8,151)




                                                                   261
                                                                  INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        261
 Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE ACCOUNTS CONTINUED
For the year to December 31, 2021


36 Change in accounting policy continued
Consolidated balance sheet (extract at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019)
                                                                               Adjustment –                                  Adjustment –
                                                                 Reported     administration     Restated       Reported    administration   Restated
€ million                                                           2020              costs1        2020            2019            costs1       2019
Non-current assets
Employee benefit assets                                               282                52           334            314              217        531
Other non-current assets                                           22,142                 –        22,142         23,810                –     23,810
                                                                  22,424                 52       22,476          24,124              217     24,341


Current assets                                                      7,840                 –        7,840           11,327               –     11,327
Total assets                                                      30,264                 52        30,316         35,451              217    35,668


Other equity                                                        8,233                 –         8,233          6,269                –      6,269
Other reserves                                                      (6,917)            294         (6,623)           560              291        851
Total equity                                                         1,316             294           1,610         6,829              291      7,120
Non-current liabilities
Employee benefit obligations                                           719            (242)           477           400               (74)       326
Other non-current liabilities                                       16,713                –         16,713        15,474                –     15,474
                                                                   17,432             (242)        17,190         15,874             (74)    15,800
Current liabilities                                                 11,516                –         11,516        12,748                –     12,748
Total liabilities                                                 28,948              (242)       28,706         28,622              (74)    28,548
Total equity and liabilities                                      30,264                 52        30,316         35,451              217    35,668
1 Adjustments made to Employee benefit assets and Employee benefit obligations are presented net of the impact of withholding tax.


37 Post balance sheet events
Between the reporting date and the date of this report there have been no post balance sheet events.




262    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts262
                                                                2021
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES


The performance of the Group is assessed using a number of alternative performance measures (APMs), some of which have been
identified as key performance indicators of the Group. These measures are not defined under International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), should be considered in addition to IFRS measurements, may differ to definitions given by regulatory bodies applicable to the
Group and may differ to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. They are used to measure the outcome of the Group’s
strategy based on ‘Unrivalled customer proposition’, ‘Value accretive and sustainable growth’ and ‘Efficiency and innovation’.
During 2021, while the Group has made no changes to its pre-existing disclosures and treatments of APMs compared to those disclosed in
the Annual Report and Accounts for the year to December 31, 2020, the Group has added an additional APM regarding the Liquidity of the
Group to reflect the increased level of scrutiny, internally and externally, on this measure as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly changed the basis on which the Management Committee and external parties
monitor the performance of the Group. In this regard measures relating to Levered free cash flow, Net debt to EBITDA and Return on
capital employed do not provide the level of meaningful additional information that they have done in the past. However, the Group
continues to present these APMs for consistency and they will become more prominent and relevant subsequent to the recovery from the
COVID-19 pandemic.
The definition of each APM, together with a reconciliation to the nearest measure prepared in accordance with IFRS is presented below.
a     Loss after tax before exceptional items
Exceptional items are those that in management’s view need to be separately disclosed by virtue of their size or incidence to supplement
the understanding the entity’s financial performance. The Management Committee of the Group uses financial performance on a pre-
exceptional basis to evaluate operating performance and to make strategic, financial and operational decisions, and externally because it is
widely used by security analysts and investors in evaluating the performance of the Group between reporting periods and against other
companies.
Exceptional items in the year to December 31, 2021 and 2020 include: significant discontinuation of hedge accounting; significant
restructuring; significant changes in the long-term fleet plans that result in the impairment of fleet assets and the recognition of associated
provisions; and legal settlements.
The table below reconciles the statutory Income statement to the Income statement before exceptional items of the Group:
                                                                                            Year to December 31
                                                                                              Before                                     Before
                                                                                          exceptional                                exceptional
                                                                Statutory   Exceptional        items      Statutory    Exceptional        items
€ million                                                            2021        items          2021          20201         items         2020


Passenger revenue2                                                 5,835             5         5,830          5,512           (62)       5,574
Cargo revenue                                                      1,673             –         1,673         1,306              –         1,306
Other revenue                                                       947              –          947            988              –          988
Total revenue                                                     8,455              5        8,450          7,806            (62)       7,868


Employee costs3                                                    3,013           (18)        3,031         3,585            313         3,272
Fuel, oil costs and emissions charges2                              1,781         (154)        1,935         3,735          1,694         2,041
Handling, catering and other operating costs                       1,308             –         1,308         1,340              –         1,340
Landing fees and en-route charges                                   923              –           923           918              –           918
Engineering and other aircraft costs4                              1,085            (7)        1,092         1,456            108         1,348
Property, IT and other costs5                                       758              –           758           782             28          754
Selling costs                                                       434              –          434           405               –          405
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment6                         1,932           (21)        1,953         2,955           856         2,099
Currency differences                                                 (14)            –           (14)            81             –            81
Total expenditure on operations                                   11,220         (200)        11,420        15,257         2,999         12,258
Operating (loss)/profit                                          (2,765)          205        (2,970)         (7,451)       (3,061)      (4,390)


Finance costs                                                      (830)             –         (830)          (670)             –         (670)
Finance income                                                        13             –            13             41             –            41
Net change in fair value of convertible bond                          89             –            89              –             –             –
Net financing (charge)/credit relating to pensions                    (2)            –            (2)            12             –            12
Net currency retranslation (charges)/credits                         (82)            –           (82)          245              –          245
Other non-operating (charges)/credits7                                70           (75)          145            (4)             –            (4)
Total net non-operating costs                                      (742)           (75)        (667)          (376)             –         (376)
(Loss)/profit before tax                                         (3,507)           130        (3,637)       (7,827)        (3,061)      (4,766)
Tax                                                                 574            (25)         599            892           463           429
(Loss)/profit after tax for the year                             (2,933)           105       (3,038)        (6,935)       (2,598)       (4,337)




                                                                      263
                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021         263
 Financial Statements

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED


1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.
  The rationale for each exceptional item is given below. In 2021 and 2020 all items were associated with the impact of COVID-19, except the settlement
  provision in relation to the charge in 2020 relating to the theft of customer data at British Airways (item 5).
2 Discontinuation of hedge accounting
  The exceptional credit of €159 million (2020: expense of €1,756 million) arising from a combination of the discontinuance of hedge accounting in the year to
  December 31, 2021 and the fair value movement on those relationships where hedge accounting was discontinued in the year to December 31, 2020, but for
  which the underlying hedging instrument had not matured at January 1, 2021. This was represented by credit of €162 million (2020: expense of €1,781 million)
  relating to fuel derivatives and an expense of €8 million (2020: credit of €87 million) related to the associated fuel foreign currency derivatives. The credit to
  Passenger revenue of €5 million (2020: charge of €62 million) relates to the discontinuation of hedge accounting of the associated foreign currency
  derivatives on forecast revenue.
  The Group’s risk management strategy is to build up these hedges gradually over a three-year period when the level of forecast passenger revenue and fuel
  consumption were higher than current expectations. Accordingly, the hedge accounting for these transactions has been discontinued and the credit
  recognised in the Income statement. The credit relating to revenue derivatives and fuel derivatives has been recorded in the Income statement within
  Passenger revenue and Fuel, oil and emission charges, respectively.
  The cash outflow impact associated with the discontinuance of hedge accounting was €338 million in the year to December 31, 2021 (2020: €1,187 million).
  The related tax charge was €26 million (2020: credit of €273 million), with €1 million (2020: credit of €11 million) being attributable to Passenger revenue and
  €25 million (2020: credit of €262 million) being attributable to Fuel, oil costs and emissions charges.
3 Restructuring costs
  The exceptional credit of €18 million (2020: charge of €319 million) relates to the reversal of restructuring provisions that have been released unutilised. In
  2020, the exceptional charge (comprising €313 million of employee severance pay and €6 million of associated legal costs) represented the Group-wide
  restructuring programme, which right-sized the Group for the near term. While the restructuring programme affected all of the Group’s operating companies,
  the exceptional charges in the year to December 31, 2020 related to British Airways, Aer Lingus, Iberia and LEVEL only, due to the status of negotiations with
  employees and their representatives. The exceptional credit (2020: charge) has been recorded within Employee costs (2020: Employee costs and Property, IT
  and other costs). There has been no cash flow impact relating to the exceptional restructuring credit in 2021.
  The related tax charge was €3 million (2020: credit of €53 million).
4 Engineering and other aircraft costs
  The exceptional credit of €7 million (2020: charge of €108 million) relates to the reversal of contractual lease provisions for those aircraft in Vueling that have
  been stood up during 2021, where the estimated costs to fulfil the hand back conditions will be recognised over the remaining operating activity of the aircraft.
  In 2020, the exceptional charge included an inventory write down expense of €71 million and a charge relating to contractual lease provisions of €37 million.
  The inventory write down expense represented those expendable inventories that, given the asset impairments, were no longer expected to be utilised. The
  charge relating to the recognition of contractual lease provisions represented the estimation of the additional cost to fulfil the hand back conditions associated
  with the leased aircraft that were permanently stood down and impaired. The exceptional credit (2020: charge) is recorded within Engineering and other
  aircraft costs. There has been no cash flow impact relating to the exceptional credit in 2021.
  There is no tax impact on the recognition of this credit (2020: credit of €14 million).
5 Settlement provision
  The exceptional charge of €22 million recognised in 2020 represented the fine issued by the Information Commissioner's Office in the United Kingdom,
  relating to the theft of customer data at British Airways in 2018. The exceptional charge was been recorded within Property, IT and other costs in the Income
  statement, with a corresponding amount recorded in Provisions.
  There was no tax impact on the recognition of this charge
6 Impairment of fleet and associated assets
  The exceptional impairment reversal of €21 million includes an amount of €14 million relating to the reversal of aircraft impairment and an amount of €7 million
  relating to the reversal of engine impairment. The aircraft impairment reversal relates to four Airbus A320 aircraft in Vueling, previously permanently stood
  down in the fourth quarter of 2020, being stood up in the third quarter of 2021 following the successful slot allocation at Paris Orly and the resultant increased
  capacity. The engine impairment reversal relates to certain engines which had been fully impaired during 2020 having been leased to a third party in the
  fourth quarter of 2021. Of the exceptional impairment reversal, €8 million was recorded within Property, plant and equipment relating to owned aircraft and
  €12 million was recorded within Right of use assets relating to leased aircraft. The exceptional impairment reversal is recorded within Depreciation,
  amortisation and impairment in the Income statement.
  The total exceptional impairment expense of €856 million recorded in 2020 was represented by an impairment of fleet assets of €837 million and an
  impairment of other assets of €19 million. The fleet impairment related to 82 aircraft, their associated engines and rotable inventories that had been stood
  down permanently and 2 further aircraft which were impaired down to their recoverable value at December 31, 2020, which included 32 Boeing 747 aircraft,
  23 Airbus A320 aircraft, 15 Airbus A340 aircraft, 4 Airbus A330-200 aircraft, 2 Airbus A318 aircraft, 1 Airbus A321 aircraft, 1 Airbus A319 aircraft, 2 Boeing 777-
  200 aircraft and 4 Embraer E170 aircraft. Of the fleet impairment, €676 million was recorded within Property, plant and equipment relating to owned aircraft
  and €161 million was recorded within Right of use assets relating to leased aircraft.
  Included within the impairment of other assets was an amount of €15 million relating to the landing rights, classified within Intangible assets, that were held by
  the operations of LEVEL in Paris. Following the decision to cease the operations of LEVEL in Paris, these landing rights were recorded at the lower of their
  carrying value and their recoverable value.
  The exceptional impairment (reversals)/expenses were recorded within Depreciation, amortisation and impairment in the Income statement. There has been
  no cash flow impact relating to the exceptional impairment reversals in 2021.
  The related tax charge was €1 million (2020: credit of €123 million).
7 Air Europa termination agreement
  The exceptional charge of €75 million represents the amount agreed with Globalia to terminate the agreements signed on November 4, 2019 and January 20,
  2021 under which Iberia had agreed to acquire the issued share capital of Air Europa. The exceptional charge has been recorded within Other non-operating
  charges in the Income statement and was settled prior to December 31, 2021.
  The related tax credit was €5 million.




264     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts264
                                                                  2021
The table below provides a reconciliation of the post-exceptional to pre-exceptional condensed alternative income statement by operating
segment for the years to 31 December 2021 and 2020:
                                                                                                        Year to December 31, 2021
                           British Airways (£)                                              British Airways (€)            Iberia                                                                                  Vueling                                  Aer Lingus

                                                         Exceptional                                             Exceptional                                      Exceptional                                         Exceptional                                        Exceptional
                                                                           Before                                               Before                                            Before                                               Before                                            Before


                                     Statutory                                                    Statutory                                          Statutory                                         Statutory                                            Statutory
                                                                           exceptional                                          exceptional                                       exceptional                                          exceptional                                       exceptional
€ million                                                items             items                                 items          items                             items           items                               items            items                             items           items



Passenger
revenue                    2,321                             5             2,316           2,715                     6         2,709            1,724                 –           1,724             1,011                  –            1,011            307               (1)            308
Cargo revenue             1,097                               –            1,097           1,275                      –         1,275            394                  –            394                 –                   –                  -           65                   –             65
Other revenue               281                               –               281           328                       –           328            666                  –            666                 5                   –                 5             4                   –               4
Total revenue             3,699                              5           3,694             4,318                     6          4,312           2,784                 –          2,784             1,016                   –           1,016             376               (1)             377


Employee costs             1,471                          (11)             1,482           1,708                 (13)            1,721           723               (5)              728            200                     –            200              180                  –            180
Fuel, oil costs and
emissions charges          830                      (109)                    939            967                (125)            1,092             519              (9)              528             198                (9)              207               89             (10)                99
Depreciation,
amortisation and
impairment                  979                           (6)                985            1,134                 (7)             1,141          350                  –            350              227               (13)              240              140                  –            140
Other operating
costs                      2,188                              –            2,188           2,550                      –        2,550             1,412                –            1,412            624                (7)                631            305                  –           305
Total expenditure
on operations             5,468                      (126)                5,594            6,359               (145)           6,504            3,004             (14)            3,018            1,249              (29)             1,278             714             (10)              724
Operating loss           (1,769)                          131            (1,900)          (2,041)                151           (2,192)          (220)               14            (234)            (233)               29              (262)            (338)                9           (347)
Operating margin
(%)                     (47.8)%                                         (51.4)%                                                                (7.9)%                            (8.4)%         (23.0)%                             (25.8)%          (90.0)%                           (92.1)%


                                                                                                        Year to December 31, 2020
                         British Airways (£)1                                              British Airways (€)1             Iberia                                                                                 Vueling                                  Aer Lingus

                                                    Exceptional                                                  Exceptional                                      Exceptional                                         Exceptional                                        Exceptional
                                                                        Before                                                  Before                                            Before                                               Before                                            Before


                             Statutory                                                        Statutory                                              Statutory                                         Statutory                                            Statutory
                                                                        exceptional                                             exceptional                                       exceptional                                          exceptional                                       exceptional
€ million                                           items               items                                    items          items                             items           items                               items            items                             items           items



Passenger
revenue                 2,840                      (54)                 2,894             3,309                 (59)           3,368             1,160                 –          1,160             569                    –            569              379              (3)              382
Cargo revenue             890                            –               890               998                        –          998             240                   –           240                 –                  –                  –            88                  –              88
Other revenue             217                            –                 217              251                       –            251           859                   –           859                 5                   –                 5             –                  –                 –
Total revenue           3,947                      (54)                 4,001             4,558                 (59)            4,617           2,259                  –          2,259             574                    –            574              467              (3)             470


Employee costs           1,938                      221                  1,717            2,193                 243             1,950            798                14             784              196                    –             196              217             24                193
Fuel, oil costs
and emissions
charges                  1,996                     837                   1,159             2,317                984             1,333             716            344                372             314               154                160             286             144                142
Depreciation,
amortisation and
impairment               1,475                     399                  1,076             1,659                 445              1,214            612            242               370              345               68                 277             157              24                133
Other operating
costs                   2,440                       42                  2,398             2,792                  47             2,745           1,544              52             1,492             594               30                564              370                 7            363
Total
expenditure on
operations              7,849                    1,499                 6,350              8,961                1,719            7,242           3,670             652             3,018           1,449               252               1,197          1,030             199                831
Operating loss         (3,902)                   (1,553)               (2,349)           (4,403)              (1,778)          (2,625)          (1,411)          (652)            (759)            (875)             (252)             (623)            (563)           (202)             (361)
Operating
margin (%)            (98.9)%                                      (58.7)%                                                                    (62.5)%                           (33.6)%         (152.4)%                            (108.5)%         (120.6)%                          (76.8)%

1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.




                                                                                                                                               265
                                                                                                                                              INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                                                                               265
    Financial Statements

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED


b     Basic loss per share before exceptional items and adjusted earnings per share (KPI)
Earnings are based on results before exceptional items after tax and adjusted for earnings attributable to equity holders and interest on
convertible bonds, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares, adjusted for the dilutive impact of the assumed conversion
of the bonds and employee share schemes outstanding.
€ million                                                                                                                 Note        2021          20201
Loss after tax attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                                  a     (2,933)         (6,935)
Exceptional items                                                                                                            a         105         (2,598)
Loss after tax attributable to equity holders of the parent before exceptional items                                               (3,038)         (4,337)
Adjusted loss                                                                                                                      (3,038)         (4,337)


Weighted average number of shares used for basic loss per share2                                                             11     4,964           3,528
Weighted average number of shares used for diluted loss per share                                                            11     4,964           3,528


Basic loss per share (€ cents)                                                                                                       (61.2)        (122.9)
Adjusted loss per share before exceptional items (€ cents)                                                                           (61.2)        (122.9)
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.
2 In 2020, includes 734,657 thousand shares as the weighted average impact for 2,979,443 thousand new ordinary shares issued through the rights issue
  (note 29).

c     Airline non-fuel costs per ASK
The Group monitors airline unit costs (per ASK, a standard airline measure of capacity) as a means of tracking operating efficiency of the
core airline business. As fuel costs can vary with commodity prices, the Group monitors fuel and non-fuel costs individually. Within non-fuel
costs are the costs associated with generating Other revenue, which typically do not represent the costs of transporting passengers or
cargo and instead represent the costs of handling and maintenance for other airlines, non-flight products in BA Holidays and costs
associated with other miscellaneous non-flight revenue streams. Airline non-fuel costs per ASK is defined as total operating expenditure
before exceptional items, less fuel, oil costs and emission charges and less non-flight specific costs divided by total available seat kilometres
(ASKs), and is shown on a constant currency basis.
                                                                                                              2021          ccy
€ million                                                                                   Note          Reported   adjustment    2021 ccy         20201
Total expenditure on operations                                                                a            11,220          41       11,261        15,257
(Add)/less: exceptional items in operating expenditure                                         a            (200)                    (200)          2,999
Less: fuel, oil costs and emission charges                                                     a             1,935          59       1,994          2,041
Non-fuel costs                                                                                              9,485          (18)     9,467           10,217
Less: Non-flight specific costs                                                                               815           12         827               851
Airline non-fuel costs                                                                                      8,670          (30)     8,640           9,366


ASKs (millions)                                                                                            121,965                 121,965         113,195


Airline non-fuel unit costs per ASK (€ cents)                                                                 7.11                    7.08              8.27
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.

d     Levered free cash flow (KPI)
Levered free cash flow represents the cash generated, and the financing raised, by the businesses before shareholder returns and is defined
as the net increase in cash and cash equivalents taken from the Cash flow statement, adjusting for movements in Current interest-bearing
deposits, less the cash inflows from the rights issue and adding back the cash outflows associated with dividends paid and the acquisition
of treasury shares. The Group believes that this measure is useful to the users of the financial statements in understanding the cash
generating ability of the Group that is available to return to shareholders, to improve leverage and/or to undertake inorganic growth
opportunities.
€ million                                                                                                                             2021              2020
Net Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            1,913          1,940
Less: Decrease in other current interest-bearing deposits                                                                              (91)        (2,366)
Less: Other financing movements                                                                                                          –         (2,674)
Add: Dividends paid                                                                                                                      –               53
Levered free cash flow                                                                                                               1,822        (3,047)




266     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts266
                                                                  2021
e    Net debt to EBITDA (KPI)
To supplement total borrowings as presented in accordance with IFRS, the Group reviews net debt to EBITDA to assess its level of net debt
in comparison to the underlying earnings generated by the Group in order to evaluate the underlying business performance of the Group.
This measure is used to monitor the Group’s leverage and to assess financial headroom against internal and external security analyst and
investor benchmarks.
Net debt is defined as long-term borrowings (both current and non-current), less cash, cash equivalents and current interest-bearing
deposits. Net debt excludes supply chain financing arrangements which are classified within trade payables (note 22).
EBITDA is defined as operating profit before exceptional items, interest, taxation, depreciation, amortisation and impairment.
The Group believes that this additional measure, which is used internally to assess the Group’s financial capacity, is useful to the users of the
financial statements in helping them to see how the Group’s financial capacity has changed over the year. It is a measure of the profitability
of the Group and of the core operating cash flows generated by the business model.
€ million                                                                                                                  Note            2021          20201
Interest-bearing long-term borrowings                                                                                        25         19,610          15,679
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              21         (7,892)         (5,774)
Less: Other current interest-bearing deposits                                                                                21             (51)          (143)
Net debt                                                                                                                                11,667           9,762


Operating loss                                                                                                                a         (2,765)         (7,451)
Add: Exceptional items                                                                                                        a          (205)           3,061
Add: Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                                a          1,953          2,099
EBITDA                                                                                                                                   (1,017)        (2,291)


Net debt to EBITDA                                                                                                                        (11.5)          (4.3)
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.

f    Return on invested capital (KPI)
The Group monitors return on invested capital (RoIC) as it gives an indication of the Group’s capital efficiency relative to the capital
invested as well as the ability to fund growth and to pay dividends. RoIC is defined as EBITDA, less fleet depreciation adjusted for inflation,
depreciation of other property, plant and equipment, and amortisation of software intangibles, divided by average invested capital and is
expressed as a percentage.
Invested capital is defined as the average of property, plant and equipment and software intangible assets over a 12-month period between
the opening and closing net book values. The fleet aspect of property, plant and equipment is inflated over the average age of the fleet to
approximate the replacement cost of the associated assets.
€ million                                                                                                                  Note            2021          20201
EBITDA                                                                                                                        e         (1,017)         (2,291)
Less: Fleet depreciation multiplied by inflation adjustment                                                                             (1,777)          (1,921)
Less: Other property, plant and equipment depreciation                                                                                    (257)          (258)
Less: Software intangible amortisation                                                                                                    (167)            (151)
                                                                                                                                        (3,218)         (4,621)
Invested capital
Average fleet value3                                                                                                         13         15,241         16,020
Less: average progress payments4                                                                                             13           (729)           (1,117)
Fleet book value less progress payments                                                                                                 14,512         14,903
Inflation adjustment2                                                                                                                      1.16            1.18
                                                                                                                                        16,893          17,520
Average net book value of other property, plant and equipment5                                                               13          2,106           2,329
Average net book value of software intangible assets6                                                                        17           640              652
Total invested capital                                                                                                                  19,639         20,501
Return on Invested Capital                                                                                                             (16.4)%         (22.5)%
1 Refer to notes 2 and 36 for the change in accounting policy relating to pension administration costs.
2 Presented to two decimal places and calculated using a 1.5 per cent inflation (December 31, 2020: 1.5 per cent inflation) rate over the weighted average age of
  the fleet December 31, 2021: 10.6 years (December 31, 2020: 9.8 years).
3 The average net book value of aircraft is calculated from an amount of €15,365 million at December 31, 2020 and €15,116 million at December 31, 2021.
4 The average net book value of progress payments is calculated from an amount of €710 million at December 31, 2020 and €748 million at December 31, 2021.
5 The average net book value of other property, plant and equipment is calculated from an amount of €2,166 million at December 31, 2020 and €2,045 million at
  December 31, 2021.
6 The average net book value of software intangible assets is calculated from an amount of €638 million at December 31, 2020 and €642 million at December
  31, 2021.




                                                                              267
                                                                             INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021                 267
    Financial Statements

ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED


g     Results on a constant currency (ccy) basis
Movements in foreign exchange rates impact the Group’s financial results. The Group reviews the results, including revenue and operating
costs at constant rates of exchange (abbreviated to ‘ccy’). The Group calculates these financial measures at constant rates of exchange
based on a retranslation, at prior year exchange rates, of the current year’s results of the Group. Although the Group does not believe that
these measures are a substitute for IFRS measures, the Group does believe that such results excluding the impact of currency fluctuations
year-on-year provide additional useful information to investors regarding the Group’s operating performance on a constant currency basis.
Accordingly, the financial measures at constant currency within the discussion of the Group Financial review should be read in conjunction
with the information provided in the Group financial statements.
The following table represents the main average and closing exchange rates for the reporting periods. Where 2021 figures are stated at a
constant currency basis, they have applied the 2020 rates stated below:
Foreign exchange rates
                                                                                              Weighted average                Closing
                                                                                                2021           2020          2021          2020
Pound sterling to euro                                                                           1.15           1.13          1.18          1.10
Euro to US dollar                                                                                1.20           1.13          1.13          1.22
Pound sterling to US dollar                                                                      1.38          1.27          1.33           1.35

h     Liquidity
The Management Committee monitors liquidity in order to assess the resilience of the Group to adverse events and uncertainty and
develops funding initiatives to maintain this resilience.
Liquidity is used by analysts, investors and other users of the financial statements as a measure to the financial health and resilience of the
Group.
Liquidity is defined as Cash and cash equivalents plus Current interest-bearing deposits, plus Committed general undrawn facilities and
committed aircraft undrawn facilities.
€ million                                                                                                      Note          2021          2020
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        21        7,892          5,774
Current interest-bearing deposits                                                                                21            51           143
Committed general undrawn facilities                                                                            27f        2,864           905
Committed aircraft undrawn facilities                                                                           27f         1,126          1,180
Overdrafts and other facilities                                                                                 27f            53            52
Total liquidity                                                                                                            11,986        8,054




268     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts268
                                                                  2021
GROUP INVESTMENTS



Subsidiaries
British Airways
                                                                                                         Country of   Percentage of
Name and address                                                                 Principal activity   Incorporation   equity owned
Avios Group (AGL) Limited*
Astral Towers, Betts Way, London Road, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 9XY         Airline marketing           England            100%
BA and AA Holdings Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Holding company             England            100%
BA Call Centre India Private Limited (callBA)
F-42, East of Kailash, New-Delhi, 110065                                             Call centre             India           100%
BA Cityflyer Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Airline operations          England            100%
BA European Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Holding company             England            100%
BA Excepted Group Life Scheme Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                    Life insurance           England            100%
BA Healthcare Trust Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                        Healthcare           England            100%
BA Holdco Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Holding company             England            100%
BA Number One Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England            100%
BA Number Two Limited
IFC 5, St Helier, JE1 1ST                                                               Dormant             Jersey           100%
Bealine Plc
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England            100%
BritAir Holdings Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Holding company             England            100%
British Airways (BA) Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England            100%
British Airways 777 Leasing Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                   Aircraft leasing          England            100%
British Airways Associated Companies Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Holding company             England            100%
British Airways Avionic Engineering Limited*                                           Aircraft
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                     maintenance             England            100%
British Airways Capital Limited
Queensway House, Hilgrove Street, St Helier, JE1 1ES                          Aircraft financing            Jersey           100%
British Airways Holdings B.V.
Strawinskylaan 3105, Atrium, Amsterdam, 1077ZX                                Holding company         Netherlands            100%
British Airways Holidays Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                    Tour operator            England            100%
British Airways Interior Engineering Limited*                                          Aircraft
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                     maintenance             England            100%
British Airways Leasing Limited*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                   Aircraft leasing          England            100%
British Airways Maintenance Cardiff Limited*                                            Aircraft
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                     maintenance             England            100%
British Airways Pension Trustees (No 2) Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Trustee company             England            100%
British Midland Airways Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                    Former airline           England            100%
British Midland Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England            100%
Flyline Tele Sales & Services GmbH
Hermann Koehl-Strasse 3, 28199, Bremen                                               Call centre         Germany             100%
Gatwick Ground Services Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                  Ground services            England            100%
Overseas Air Travel Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                         Transport           England            100%
Speedbird Insurance Company Limited*
Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 12                                     Insurance         Bermuda             100%
British Mediterranean Airways Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                    Former airline           England             99%
BA Euroflyer Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                 Airline operations          England            100%
Teleflight Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                        Call centre          England            100%


                                                            INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     269
 Financial Statements

GROUP INVESTMENTS CONTINUED



Iberia
                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                         Country of     of equity
Name and address                                                                 Principal activity   Incorporation       owned
Compañía Explotación Aviones Cargueros Cargosur, S.A.
Calle Martínez Villergas 49, Madrid, 28027                                     Cargo transport               Spain         100%
Compañía Operadora de Corto y Medio Radio Iberia Express, S.A.*
Calle Alcañiz 23, Madrid, 28006                                               Airline operations             Spain         100%
Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España, S.A. Operadora*                           Airline operations and
Calle Martínez Villergas 49, Madrid, 28027                                          maintenance              Spain         100%1
Iberia México, S.A.*
Calle Montes Urales 424, Colonia Lomas de Chapultepec V, Ciudad de         Storage and custody
México, 11000                                                                          services            Mexico          100%
Iberia Operadora UK Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England          100%
Iberia Tecnología, S.A.*
Calle Martínez Villergas 49, Madrid, 28027                                Aircraft maintenance               Spain         100%
Iberia Desarrollo Barcelona, S.L.*
Avenida de les Garrigues 38-44, Edificio B,                               Airport infrastructure
El Prat de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08220                                             development               Spain          75%

Aer Lingus
                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                         Country of     of equity
Name and address                                                                 Principal activity   Incorporation       owned
Aer Lingus (Ireland) Limited                                                                           Republic of
Dublin Airport, Dublin                                                        Airline operations          Ireland          100%
Aer Lingus 2009 DCS Trustee Limited                                                                    Republic of
Dublin Airport, Dublin                                                                   Trustee          Ireland          100%
Aer Lingus Beachey Limited
Penthouse Suite, Analyst House, Peel Road, IM1 4LZ                                      Dormant        Isle of Man         100%
Aer Lingus Group DAC*                                                                                  Republic of
Dublin Airport, Dublin                                                        Holding company             Ireland         100%2
Aer Lingus Limited*                                                                                    Republic of
Dublin Airport, Dublin                                                        Airline operations          Ireland          100%
Aer Lingus (UK) Limited
Aer Lingus Base, Belfast City Airport, Sydenham Bypass, Belfast, Co.
Antrim, BT3 9JH                                                               Airline operations Northern Ireland          100%
ALG Trustee Limited
33-37 Athol Street, Douglas, IM1 1LB                                                     Trustee       Isle of Man         100%
Dirnan Insurance Company Limited
Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton, Bermuda, HM 12                            Insurance         Bermuda           100%
Santain Developments Limited                                                                           Republic of
Dublin Airport, Dublin                                                                  Dormant           Ireland          100%

IAG Loyalty
                                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                         Country of     of equity
Name and address                                                                 Principal activity   Incorporation       owned
Avios South Africa Proprietary Limited
Block C, 1 Marignane Drive, Bonaero Park, Gauteng, 1619                                 Dormant       South Africa         100%
IAG Loyalty Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                           Dormant           England          100%




270      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
IAG Cargo
                                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                                Country of      of equity
Name and address                                                                                      Principal activity     Incorporation        owned
Cargo Innovations Limited
Carrus Cargo Centre, PO Box 99, Sealand Road, London Heathrow Airport,
Hounslow, Middlesex, TW6 2JS                                                                                 Dormant             England            100%
Zenda Group Limited
Carrus Cargo Centre, PO Box 99, Sealand Road, London Heathrow Airport,
Hounslow, Middlesex, TW6 2JS                                                                                 Dormant             England            100%

Vueling
                                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                                Country of      of equity
Name and address                                                                                      Principal activity     incorporation        owned
Yellow Handling, S.L.U
Plaça Pla de l’Estany 5, Parque de Negocios Mas Blau II,
El Prat de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08820                                                   Ground handling services                   Spain           100%
Vueling Airlines, S.A.*
Plaça Pla de l’Estany 5, Parque de Negocios Mas Blau II,
El Prat de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08820                                                            Airline operations                Spain          99.5%

LEVEL
                                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                                Country of      of equity
Name and address                                                                                      Principal activity     Incorporation        owned
FLYLEVEL UK Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                                     Airline operations             England            100%
Openskies SASU
3 Rue le Corbusier, Rungis, 94150                                                                 Airline operations               France           100%

International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A.
                                                                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                                                Country of      of equity
Name and address                                                                                      Principal activity     Incorporation        owned
AERL Holding Limited
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                                     Holding company                England            100%
British Airways Plc*
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                                     Airline operations             England           100%3
FLY LEVEL, S.L.
Camino de la Muñoza s/n, El Caserío,
Iberia Zona Industrial 2, Madrid, 28042                                                           Airline operations                Spain           100%
IAG Cargo Limited*
Carrus Cargo Centre, PO Box 99, Sealand Road, London Heathrow Airport,
Hounslow, TW6 2JS                                                                             Air freight operations             England            100%
IAG Connect Limited                                                                             Inflight eCommerce            Republic of
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                                               platform             Ireland            100%
IAG GBS Limited*                                                                           IT, finance, procurement
Waterside, PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, UB7 0GB                                                               services             England            100%
IAG GBS Poland sp z.o.o.*                                                                  IT, finance, procurement
Ul. Opolska 114, Krakow, 31-323                                                                             services               Poland           100%
IB Opco Holding, S.L.
Calle Martínez Villergas 49, Madrid, 28027                                                        Holding company                   Spain          100%1
Veloz Holdco, S.L.
Plaça Pla de l’Estany 5, Parque de Negocios Mas Blau II,
El Prat de Llobregat, Barcelona, 08820                                                            Holding company                   Spain           100%
* Principal subsidiaries
1 The Group holds 49.9% of both the total nominal share capital and the total number of voting rights in IB Opco Holding, S.L. (and thus, indirectly, in
  Iberia Líneas Aéreas de España, S.A. Operadora), such stake having almost 100% of the economic rights in these companies. The remaining shares,
  representing 50.1% of both the total nominal share capital and the total number of voting rights belong to a Spanish company incorporated for the
  purposes of implementing the Iberia nationality structure.
2 The Group holds 49.75% of the total number of voting rights and the majority of the economic rights in Aer Lingus Group DAC. The remaining voting
  rights, representing 50.25%, correspond to a trust established for implementing the Aer Lingus nationality structure.
3 The Group holds 49.9% of the total number of voting rights and 99.65% of the total nominal share capital in British Airways Plc, such stake having
  almost 100% of the economic rights. The remaining nominal share capital and voting rights, representing 0.35% and 50.1% respectively, are held by a
  trust established for the purposes of implementing the British Airways nationality structure.




                                                                          INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               271
 Financial Statements

GROUP INVESTMENTS CONTINUED


Associates
                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                          Country of             of equity
Name and address                                                                                       Incorporation               owned
Empresa Hispano Cubana de Mantenimiento de Aeronaves, Ibeca, S.A.
Avenida de Vantroi y Final,
Jose Martí Airport, Havana                                                                                     Cuba                   50%
Empresa Logística de Carga Aérea, S.A.
Carretera de Wajay km 15,
Jose Martí Airport, Havana                                                                                     Cuba                   50%
Multiservicios Aeroportuarios, S.A.
Avenida de Manoteras 46, 2ª planta, Madrid, 28050                                                              Spain                  49%
Dunwoody Airline Services Limited
Building 552 Shoreham Road East, London Heathrow Airport, Hounslow, TW6 3UA                                England                    40%
Serpista, S.A.
Calle Cardenal Marcelo Spínola 10, Madrid, 28016                                                               Spain                   39%
Air Miles España, S.A.
Avenida de Bruselas 20, Alcobendas, Madrid, 28108                                                              Spain                 26.7%
Inloyalty by Travel Club, S.L.U.
Avenida de Bruselas 20, Alcobendas, Madrid, 28108                                                              Spain                 26.7%
Viajes Ame, S.A.
Avenida de Bruselas 20, Alcobendas, Madrid, 28108                                                              Spain                 26.7%
DeepAir Solutions Limited
Ground Floor North, 86 Brook Street, London, W1K 5AY                                                       England                     23%
LanzaJet                                                                                                     United
520 Lake Cook Road, Suite 680, Deerfield, Illinois, 60015, USA                                               States                  16.7%

Joint ventures
                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                                          Country of             of equity
Name and address                                                                                       Incorporation               owned
Sociedad Conjunta para la Emisión y Gestión de Medios de Pago EFC, S.A.
Calle de O’Donnell 12, Madrid, 28009                                                                           Spain                50.5%

Other equity investments
The Group’s principal other equity investments are as follows:
                                                                                       Percentage             Shareholder’s    Profit/(loss)
                                                                          Country of     of equity                   funds       before tax
Name and address                                                       Incorporation       owned     Currency      (million)       (million)
Servicios de Instrucción de Vuelo, S.L.
Camino de la Muñoza s/n, El Caserío,
Iberia Zona Industrial 2, Madrid, 28042                                       Spain         19.9%        EUR              71          (0.6)
The Airline Group Limited
5th Floor, Brettenham House South, Lancaster Place, London, WC2N
7EN                                                                        England          16.7%        GBP            n/a             n/a
Travel Quinto Centenario, S.A.
Calle Alemanes 3, Sevilla, 41004                                              Spain           10%        EUR            n/a             n/a
i6 Group Limited
Farnborough Airport, Ively Road, Farnborough, Hampshire, GU14 6XA          England           7.4%        GBP              4              (1)
Monese Limited
1 King Street, London, EC2V 8AU                                            England           5.9%        GBP            (13)           (25)
NAYAKJV1, S.L.
C/ d’Osona, 2, El Prat de Llobregat, 08820                                    Spain            5%        EUR            n/a             n/a




272   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES


LIABILITY STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS FOR THE PURPOSES ENVISAGED UNDER ARTICLE 8.1.b OF SPANISH ROYAL DECREE
1362/2007 OF 19 OCTOBER (REAL DECRETO 1362/2007).
At a meeting held on February 24, 2022, the directors of International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A. state that, to the best of their
knowledge, the individual and consolidated financial statements for the year to December 31, 2021, prepared in accordance with the
applicable set of accounting standards and in single electronic format, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position
and profit or loss of the Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, and that the individual and
consolidated management reports include a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the
Company and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with the description of the principal risks and
uncertainties that they face.
February 24, 2022




Javier Ferrán Larraz                                                      Luis Gallego Martín
Chairman                                                                  Chief Executive Officer




Giles Agutter                                                             Peggy Bruzelius




Eva Castillo Sanz                                                         Margaret Ewing




Maurice Lam                                                               Heather Ann McSharry




Robin Phillips                                                            Emilio Saracho Rodríguez de Torres




Lucy Nicola Shaw                                                          Alberto Terol Esteban




                                                                     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021        273
 Financial Statements




274   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   275
 Financial Statements




276   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   277
 Financial Statements




278   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   279
 Financial Statements




280   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   281
 Financial Statements




282   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021   283
GLOSSARY




Adjusted earnings per share         Earnings are based on results before exceptional items after tax, adjusted for earnings
                                    attributable to equity holders and interest on convertible bonds, divided by the weighted
                                    average number of ordinary shares, adjusted for the dilutive impact of the assumed conversion
                                    of the bonds and employee share schemes outstanding
Airline non-fuel costs              Total operating expenditure before exceptional items, less fuel, oil costs and emission charges
                                    and less non-flight specific costs. Within non-fuel costs are the costs associated with generating
                                    Other revenue, which typically do not represent the costs of transporting passengers or cargo
                                    and instead represent the costs of handling and maintenance for other airlines, non-flight
                                    products in BA Holidays and costs associated with other miscellaneous non-flight revenue
                                    streams. Shown on a constant currency basis
Airline non-fuel costs per ASK      Airline non-fuel costs divided by ASK
Available seat kilometres (ASK)     The number of seats available for sale multiplied by the distance flown
Available tonne kilometres (ATK)    The number of tonnes of capacity available for the carriage of load (passenger and cargo)
                                    multiplied by the distance flown
Block hours                         Hours of service for aircraft, measured from the time that the aircraft leaves the gate at the
                                    departure airport to the time that it arrives at the gate at the destination airport
Cargo revenue per CTK               Cargo revenue divided by CTK
Cargo tonne kilometres (CTK)        The number of tonnes of cargo carried that generate revenue (freight and mail) multiplied by the
                                    distance flown
Dividend cover                      The number of times the result for the year covers the dividends paid and proposed
EBITDA                              Operating result before exceptional items, interest, taxation, depreciation, amortisation and
                                    impairment
Gross capex                         Gross capital expenditure is the total investment in fleet, customer product, IT and infrastructure
                                    before any proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment as shown in the Cash flow
                                    statement (‘Acquisition of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets’)
Interest cover                      The number of times the (loss)/profit before taxation and exceptional items adding back net
                                    interest expense and interest income cover the net interest expense and interest income
Invested capital                    The average of property, plant and equipment and software intangible assets over a 12-month
                                    period between the opening and closing net book values. The fleet aspect of property, plant and
                                    equipment is inflated over the average age of the fleet to approximate the replacement cost of
                                    the associated assets
Levered free cash flow              The cash generated in the year, including movements in borrowings and before returns to
                                    shareholders. It is calculated as the net increase in cash and cash equivalents taken from the
                                    Cash flow statement, adjusting for movements in Current interest-bearing deposits, less the cash
                                    inflows from the rights issue and adding back the cash outflows associated with dividends paid
                                    and the acquisition of treasury shares
Liquidity                           Cash and cash equivalents plus Current interest-bearing deposits, plus committed general
                                    undrawn facilities and committed aircraft undrawn facilities
Manpower equivalent                 Number of employees adjusted for part-time workers, overtime and contractors
Merger effective date               January 21, 2011, the date British Airways and Iberia signed a merger agreement to create
                                    International Airlines Group
Net debt                            Current and long-term interest-bearing borrowings less cash and cash equivalents and current
                                    interest-bearing deposits




284    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
Net Promoter Score (NPS)            The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a metric based on survey responses to the ‘likelihood to
                                    recommend’ question and is calculated by subtracting the percentage of customers who are
                                    ‘Detractors’ (score 0-6, unlikely to recommend) from the percentage of customers who are
                                    ‘Promoters’ (score 9-10, likely to recommend)
Operating margin                    Operating result before exceptional items as a percentage of total revenue
Overall load factor                 RTK expressed as a percentage of ATK
Passenger load factor               RPK expressed as a percentage of ASK
Passenger unit revenue per ASK      Passenger revenue before exceptional items divided by ASK
(PRASK)
Passenger revenue per RPK (yield) Passenger revenue before exceptional items divided by RPK
Productivity                        ASK divided by average manpower equivalent
Punctuality                         The industry’s standard, measured as the percentage of flights departing within 15 minutes of
                                    schedule
Regularity                          The percentage of flights completed to flights scheduled, excluding flights cancelled for
                                    commercial reasons
Return on Invested Capital (RoIC)   EBITDA, less fleet depreciation adjusted for inflation, depreciation of other property, plant and
                                    equipment, and amortisation of software intangibles, divided by average invested capital and is
                                    expressed as a percentage
Revenue passenger kilometres        The number of passengers that generate revenue carried multiplied by the distance flown
(RPK)
Revenue tonne kilometres (RTK)      The revenue load in tonnes multiplied by the distance flown
Sector                              A one-way revenue flight
Sold cargo tonnes                   The number of cargo tonnes sold, including freight, courier, mail and interline
Total capital                       Total equity plus net debt
Total revenue per ASK (RASK)        Total revenue before exceptional items divided by ASK
Total operating expenditure         Total operating expenditure before exceptional items excluding fuel divided by ASK
excluding fuel per ASK
Total operating expenditure         Total operating expenditure before exceptional items divided by ASK
per ASK (CASK)
Total traffic revenue per ATK       Revenue from total traffic before exceptional items (passenger and cargo) divided by ATK




                                                                 INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021     285
AIRCRAFT FLEET




                                                                        Total              Total    Changes since
                                                                  December 31,       December 31,    December 31,      Future
                                       Owned       Right of use            2021            2020             2020     deliveries   Options


Airbus A319                                  8               31               39              49             (10)            –          –
Airbus A320                                 63              177             240              232               8            22        76
Airbus A321                                 16               57               73              72                1           34         14
Airbus A330-200                              –               18               18               19              (1)           –          –
Airbus A330-300                              5               13               18               18               –            –          –
Airbus A350                                 10                7               17               17               –           26        52
Airbus A380                                  2               10               12               12               –            –          –
Boeing 777-200                              38                5               43              43                –            –          –
Boeing 777-300                               4               12               16               16               –            –          –
Boeing 777-9                                 –                –                –                –               –           18        24
Boeing 787-8                                 –               12               12               12               –            –          –
Boeing 787-9                                  1              17               18               18               –            –          –
Boeing 787-10                                2                –                2               2                –           10         6
Embraer E170                                 –                –                –                1              (1)           –          –
Embraer E190                                 9               14               23              22                1            –          –
Group total                                158             373               531             533              (2)          110       172
At December 31, 2021, the Group held 29 aircraft not in service, pending disposal.




286    INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL STATISTICS




Total Group operations                                                                          2021         20202         20192         20183         20174
Traffic and capacity
Available seat km (ASK)                                                         million      121,965        113,195    337,754       324,808       306,185
Revenue passenger km (RPK)                                                      million      78,689        72,262      285,745       270,657       252,819
Cargo tonne km (CTK)                                                            million       3,970         3,399         5,580          5,713       5,762
Passengers carried                                                                ‘000       38,864         31,275       118,253      112,920      104,829
Sold cargo tonnes                                                                 ‘000           539          444           682           702           701
Sectors                                                                                     307,519       267,748      775,486      754,700        717,325
Block hours                                                                      hours      892,455      820,983 2,272,904 2,207,374 2,100,089
Operations
Average manpower equivalent                                                                  50,222        60,612       66,034        64,734        63,422
Aircraft in service at year end                                                                  531           533          598           573          546
Aircraft utilisation - Longhaul (average hours per aircraft
per day)                                                                         hours            8.1          6.4          13.5          13.5          13.5
Aircraft utilisation - Shorthaul (average hours per aircraft
per day)                                                                         hours            4.5           2.7          8.6          9.0           8.9
Punctuality – within 15 minutes                                                       %         86.4          88.8          77.8         75.5          81.8
Regularity                                                                            %         96.7           91.8         98.7         98.7          99.1
Financial
Passenger unit revenue per ASK (PRASK)1                                         €cents          4.78          4.92          6.65         6.59          6.63
Passenger revenue per RPK1                                                      €cents           7.41          7.71         7.86          7.91         8.02
Cargo revenue per CTK1                                                          €cents         42.14        38.42         20.02         20.53         19.65
Total revenue per ASK (RASK)1                                                   €cents          6.93          6.95          7.55         7.47          7.47
Average fuel price                                                   ($/metric tonne)            587           376          628           687           519
Fuel cost per ASK1                                                              €cents           1.59         1.80          1.78          1.63          1.51
Operating (loss)/profit before depreciation and
amortisation (EBITDA)1                                                        €million        (1,017)       (2,291)        5,361        5,481         4,134
Total operating expenditure excluding fuel per ASK
(CASK ex. fuel)1                                                                €cents          7.78          9.03          4.81         4.77         5.00
Operating margin1                                                                     %         (35.1)       (55.8)         12.7          14.4          12.9
Lease adjusted operating margin1                                                      %          n/a           n/a           n/a          14.4         14.2
Total operating expenditure per ASK (CASK)1                                     €cents          9.36         10.83          6.59         6.40           6.51
Dividend cover                                                                   times           n/a           n/a           3.8           3.9          4.0
Interest cover                                                                   times          (4.0)         (6.6)          6.2           6.7         16.4
Net debt                                                                      €million        11,667         9,762         7,571       6,430           655
Equity                                                                        €million           846          1,610        7,120        6,720        6,933
Adjusted net debt to EBITDA1                                                     times           n/a           n/a           n/a           1.6           1.5
Net debt to EBITDA1                                                              times          (11.5)        (4.3)           1.4          1.2          n/a
Exchange rates
Translation - weighted average                                                      £:€          1.15          1.13          1.13          1.13         1.14
Transaction                                                                         £:€          1.15          1.13          1.13          1.13         1.14
Transaction                                                                         €:$          1.20          1.13          1.12          1.18         1.14
Transaction                                                                         £:$          1.38          1.27         1.27          1.33          1.29
1 Figures on a pre-exceptional items basis
2 The 2019 and 2020 results have been restated for the treatment of administration costs associated with the Group’s defined benefit pension schemes.
3 2018 figures restated for accounting standards IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ and to reclassify the costs the Group incurs in relation to compensation for flight delays
  and cancellations as a deduction from revenue as opposed to an operating expense
4 2017 figures restated for accounting standards IFRS 15 ‘Revenue from contracts with customers’ and IFRS 9 ‘Financial instruments.
n/a: not available




                                                                           INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES GROUP | Annual Report and Accounts 2021               287
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION




Registered office                                                      American Depositary Receipt program
International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A. El Caserío, Iberia     IAG has a Sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR)
Zona Industrial nº 2 (La Muñoza) Camino de La Muñoza, s/n,             facility that trades on the OTC market in the US (see www.
28042 Madrid, Spain.                                                   otcmarkets.com). Deutsche Bank is the ADR depositary bank.
Madrid Commercial Registrar tomo 27312, folio 11, hoja                 For shareholder enquiries, contact:
M-492129C.I.F. A85845535                                               Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas c/o American Stock
UK Branch registered address                                           Transfer & Trust Co, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn NY 11219, USA
International Airlines Group Waterside (HAA2), PO Box 365,             Email: db@astfinancial.com
Speedbird Way Harmondsworth,
UB7 0GB                                                                Toll free: 800 301 3517 (within the US)

Registered in England and Wales: BR014868                              International: +1 718 921 8137

UK Registrar                                                           Online: www.adr.db.com
Computershare Investor Services PLC                                    Financial calendar
For enquiries relating to shares held through the Corporate            Financial year end: December 31, 2021
Sponsored Nominee (UK share register):                                 Q1 results: May 6, 2022
Tel: +44 370 702 0110                                                  Half year results: July 29, 2022
Email: web.queries@computershare.co.uk                                 Q3 results: October 28, 2022
Online: www.investorcentre.co.uk/iag                                   Other key dates can be found on our website: www.iairgroup.com
IAG Investor relations team                                            ShareGift
Institutional investors: investor.relations@iairgroup.com              UK shareholders with a small number of shares may like to
Private shareholders: shareholder.services@iairgroup.com               consider donating their shares to charity under ShareGift,
                                                                       administered by Orr Mackintosh Foundation. Details are available
                                                                       from the UK Registrar.




Certain statements included in this report are forward-looking. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate
only to historical or current facts. By their nature, they involve risk and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on
circumstances that will occur in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements.
Forward-looking statements often use words such as “expects”, “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “intends”, “plans”, “predicts”, “envisages”
or “anticipates” or other words of similar meaning. They include, without limitation, any and all projections relating to the results of
operations and financial conditions of International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A. and its subsidiary undertakings from time to time
(the ‘Group’), as well as plans and objectives for future operations, expected future revenues, financing plans, expected expenditure
and divestments relating to the Group, discussions of the Group’s business plan, and our assumptions, expectations, objectives and
resilience with respect to climate scenarios. All forward-looking statements in this report are based upon information known to the
Group on the date of this report and speak as of the date of this report. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory
obligations, the Group does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect any changes in events,
conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
Actual results may differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements in this report as a result of any number of
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including, but not limited to, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and
uncertainties about its impact and duration, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the control of the Group,
and it is not reasonably possible to itemise each item. Accordingly, readers of this report are cautioned against relying on forward-
looking statements. Further information on the primary risks of the business and the Group’s risk management process is set out in the
Risk management and principal risk factors section in this report. All forward-looking statements made on or after the date of this
report and attributable to IAG are expressly qualified in their entirety by the primary risks set out in that section. Many of these risks
are, and will be, exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any further disruption to the global airline industry and economic
environment as a result.
                     INTERNATIONAL
                     AIRLINES
                     GROUP




This report is printed on paper certified in accordance
with the FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council®) and is
recyclable and acid-free.
Pureprint Ltd is FSC certified and ISO 14001 certified
showing that it is committed to all round excellence
and improving environmental performance is an
important part of this strategy.
Pureprint Ltd aims to reduce at source the effect its
operations have on the environment and is committed
to continual improvement, prevention of pollution and
compliance with any legislation or industry standards.
Pureprint Ltd is a Carbon / Neutral® Printing Company.    For more information
Designed and produced                                     please visit us online at
by Black Sun Plc
www.blacksunplc.com                                       iairgroup.com
