                     rt
                     po
                 Re
                 u
            al
            nn
      A

                          Annual Report 2023 年報
                 報
                 
           
            年
      
                                                                            CONTENTS


CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                               2


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                4


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                5


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  7


BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                 12


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                            18


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                        30


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                        45


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                       82


AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                        89


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                   90


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                    92


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                           93


    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 95


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                       182




                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   01
     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                   AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

     Executive Directors                                  Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (appointed on 11 January 2023)
                                                          Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (appointed on 11 January 2023)
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
                                                          Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)
       (appointed on 12 August 2022)
                                                          Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)
       (appointed on 23 December 2022)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin
                                                          HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)      AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)      BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

     Independent Non-executive Directors                  Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F.
                                                          China Resources Building
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
                                                          26 Harbour Road
     Mr. Wan Simon
                                                          Wanchai
     Mr. Zhang Jue
                                                          Hong Kong
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)

                                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
     AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                          71 Fort Street
     Mr. Zhang Jue (Chairman)
                                                          P.O. Box 500
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
                                                          George Town,
     Mr. Wan Simon
                                                          Grand Cayman KY1-1106
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)
                                                          Cayman Islands

     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Mr. Wan Simon (Chairman)
                                                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (appointed on 11 January 2023)
                                                            Limited
     Mr. Zhang Jue
                                                          Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)
                                                          Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                          Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                          AUDITOR
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (appointed on 11 January 2023)
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
                                                          Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
     Mr. Wan Simon
                                                          Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)
                                                          Level 8, K11 ATELIER King’s Road
                                                          728 King’s Road
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                    Quarry Bay
                                                          Hong Kong
     Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson




02   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE
CAYMAN ISLANDS

Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited
71 Fort Street
P.O. Box 500
George Town
Grand Cayman, KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


COMPANY’S WEBSITE

https://goldenponder.com.hk/
(the content of which do not form part of this report)


STOCK CODE

1783




                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   03
     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                               2023           2022
                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000


     Revenue                                               401,352         591,900
     Loss before tax                                        (38,838)       (18,841)
     Loss attributable to owners of the Company             (38,065)       (19,391)
     Loss per share
       – basic and diluted (HK cent)                     (4.01 cents)   (2.42 cents)




04   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”), I hereby present to you the annual report of the
Company for the year ended 31 March 2023.


OVERVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition
(“RMAA”) works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong. It also engages in the business of reverse supply
chain management and environmental-related service.


Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above the
ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure. Reverse supply chain management and
environmental-related service refers to the recycling of materials including but not limited to retired EV batteries,
and using self-developed technologies to re-engineer the batteries energy storage system to provide electricity
for the equipment in construction sites.


The Group reported a net loss of approximately HK$38.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, increased by
approximately HK$18.7 million, compared to that of approximately HK$19.4 million for the year ended 31 March
2022.


The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to the following combined effect of:


(i)    a substantial decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 due to the
       existing projects were still at their completion stage and other newly awarded project which was at its
       preliminary stage; and


(ii)   a significant increase in administrative and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2023 primarily
       due to the increase in salaries and benefits of employees and directors, and depreciation and amortisation.

GOING FORWARD

During the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this report, the Group was successfully awarded
several sizeable contracts. In spite of the uncertain economic outlook, the financing market environment and
operating costs, the Group is still cautiously optimistic in maintaining the Group’s construction business and
competitiveness in the future.


The Group endeavors to constantly enhance its core competencies and improve customer satisfaction in order to
secure the sustainable growth and profitability of the Group. The Board is confident and cautiously optimistic
that, with the foreseeable robust post-pandemic economic recovery, the economic conditions of Hong Kong and
the construction industry in Hong Kong will resume back on track step by step. We continue to be exploring the
potential business developments of other construction sectors and investment opportunities to diversify the
Group’s business risks and augment more gains for the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”).



                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   05
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     In relation to the reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service business, the Group will
     blend in more green and smart elements into its core business, leveraging on its extensive experience in the
     construction field and professional qualifications such as internationally recognised environmental, quality and
     safety management systems, the Group will further integrate environmental protection and smart technologies in
     its principal business, with a view to strengthening its unique core competitiveness in the green construction field,
     creating broader development opportunities for the Group and bringing sustainable growth in revenue for the
     Group and its shareholders.

     On the other hand, the Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong rolled out a HK$3.5 billion
     “EV Charging at Home Subsidy Scheme” (“EHSS”) to subsidise the installation of EV charging-enabling
     infrastructure in car parks of existing private residential buildings, and hence further facilitate electric vehicle
     (“EV”) owners to install EV chargers at car parks of their residences according to their own needs in the future in
     a simple and easy manner. The EHSS will run for about 3 years with a view to covering roughly 140,000 private
     parking spaces. The Group thus believes there will be more EHSS related construction projects available for
     tender. During the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has been
     awarded the EV Charging Infrastructure Installation Project under EHSS.

     The Board is of the view that the operation of the EHSS project indicates a promising future for the new energy
     infrastructure market in Hong Kong. As a veteran construction company in Hong Kong leveraging on green
     energy technology, the Group’s award of the EHSS project demonstrates its superior integrated solution and
     construction capability and is well recognised by the market. As an expert in EV charging infrastructure, the
     Group has a team of qualified and experienced building and electrical contractors. It also benefits from the
     Group’s diversified resources and business synergies to provide customers with a one-stop smart solution to build
     local EV charging facilities. The Group is confident that it will continue to make efforts in EHSS and other new
     energy infrastructure projects in Hong Kong to create value for shareholders and the community.

     The Group will continually explore environmental, social and governance-related businesses to enhance business
     sustainability and zealously explore business opportunities that will benefit the Group’s long-term development
     and thereby create higher value for our shareholders. Given the many uncertainties in the financial market and
     the physical economy, we expect to face many challenges in terms of implementation speed, business recovery
     pace and project financing for its traditional construction and rechargeable pile construction businesses. The
     Company seeks to find certitude amidst uncertainty, with reasonable planning of liquidity to explore multifaceted
     financing options and optimize its cost structure, so as to lay a good foundation for business implementation in
     the upcoming two to three years.

     APPRECIATION

     On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to all the stakeholders, including but not limited to
     customers, suppliers, banks, business partners and shareholders of the Group for their continuous support, as
     well as the management team and the employees of the Group for their invaluable services and contributions.




     Kwok Chun Sing
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 23 June 2023


06   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong
Kong. It also engages in the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service.


Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above the
ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consist of development
projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance, alteration and
addition works for an existing structure. Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
refers to the recycling of materials including but not limited to retired EV batteries, and using self-developed
technologies to re-engineer the batteries to battery energy storage system to provide electricity for the
equipment in construction sites.


The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to approximately HK$401.4 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$190.5 million, or 32.2% compared to approximately HK$591.9
million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The decrease in total revenue was mainly attributable to the decrease
from superstructure building work of approximately HK$218.9 million, which was offset by the increase from
RMAA works of approximately HK$0.2 million, and reverse supply chain management and environmental-related
service of approximately HK$28.2 million, respectively.


Superstructure building works
During the year ended 31 March 2023, there were 5 (2022: 6) superstructure building works projects contributing
revenue of approximately HK$370.8 million (2022: approximately HK$589.7 million) to this business segment.


RMAA works
During the year ended 31 March 2023, there were 3 (2022: 8) RMAA works projects contributing revenue of
approximately HK$2.4 million (2022: approximately HK$2.2 million) to this business segment. The decrease in the
number of RMAA works projects awarded was mainly due to the decrease in the number of projects which are
available for tender during the year ended 31 March 2023.


Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
As a new business started during the year ended 31 March 2023, revenue of approximately HK$28.2 million (2022:
Nil) was generated from this business segment.


OUTLOOK

Despite the economy in Hong Kong is recovering from the effects brought by COVID-19 and the underlying
macro-environment is improving, the Board in the view that competition among the industry would still be keen
and thus profit margin will continue to be under pressure. The management is cautiously optimistic about the
recovery of the industry and will continue to tender for more potential project. Moving forward, the Group will
focus on accelerating its transition into green building with the aim to help our clients to reduce carbon emission.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   07
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     With the increasing awareness of environmental protection globally and greater emphasis in environmental, social
     and governance (“ESG”) by stakeholders, the Group has been actively exploring potential business to integrate
     environmental technologies in order to develop its unique competitiveness. Leveraging on the experience of
     construction business, as well as of the required regulatory licenses and technical know-how, the Group has
     consolidated its internal resources and ventures into the EV after sales market, namely, EV Charger construction
     and installation and EV batteries second-life usage and treatment business. At the same time, the Group
     continues to pay close attention to the opportunities that come along with the infrastructure establishment in the
     northern district of Hong Kong. The Group expects that the increasing trend of EV utilization will continue, the
     Group will meticulously identify suitable investments in new operating and logistics facilities with the objectives of
     capitalising the upcoming growth opportunities.


     The Group believes that the opportunities of the EV after sales market business and the potential development
     of other environmental technology business would be tremendous. With a view to enhance our competitive
     advantages and diversify our existing building business, the Group will focus on investing research and
     development and ESG business. In relation to the reverse supply chain management and environmental service
     business, the Group will blend in more green and smart elements into its core business, leveraging on its
     extensive experience in the construction field and professional certifications such as internationally recognised
     environmental, quality and safety management systems, the Group will further integrate environmental protection
     and smart technologies in its infrastructure, with a view to strengthening its unique core competitiveness in the
     green construction field, creating broader development opportunities for the Group and bringing sustainable
     growth in revenue to the Group and its shareholders.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to approximately HK$401.4 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately HK$190.5 million, or 32.2% as compared to approximately HK$591.9
     million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The decrease in total revenue was mainly attributable to (i) decrease in
     revenue from superstructure building works of approximately HK$218.9 million; (ii) increase in revenue from
     RMAA works of approximately HK$0.2 million; and (iii) increase in reverse supply chain management and
     environmental-related service from the acquired subsidiaries of approximately HK$28.2 million. The decrease in
     revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 was substantially due to the revenue
     recognised from four sizeable projects for superstructure building works awarded since 2020, of which the
     construction works was at the completion stage during the year ended 31 March 2023.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to approximately HK$21.4 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately HK$5.4 million, or approximately 20.2% as compared to approximately
     HK$26.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The overall gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March
     2023 increased to approximately 5.3% as compared to approximately 4.5% for the year ended 31 March 2022. The
     decrease in gross profit and was attributable to the decrease in the revenue of the Group as discussed above.
     The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to gross profit generated from the acquired subsidiaries with
     a profitable margin, resulting an overall increase in gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March 2023.




08   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Other Income, Gains and Losses
The other income, gains and losses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to a loss of
approximately HK$2.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$3.0 million or 878.4% compared to a
gain of approximately HK$0.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The decrease was mainly attributable to
the net effect of: (i) increase in the government subsidies on payroll expense of the Group, while the Group had
to commit not reduce employee head count below prescribed levels for a specific period; (ii) increase in interest
income from fixed deposit with licensed bank in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 March 2023; and (iii) increase
in loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment during the year ended 31 March 2023. The details of other
income, gains and losses were disclosed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


Administrative and Other Expenses
The administrative and other expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to
approximately HK$56.0 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$30.1 million or 116.2% as
compared to approximately HK$25.9 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The significant increase was
mainly attributed to the increase in salaries and benefits of employees and directors, and depreciation and
amortisation.


Loss Attributable to Owners of the Company
The Group reported loss attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2023 increased by
approximately HK$18.7 million to approximately HK$38.1 million, as compared to that of approximately HK$19.4
million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The main reasons for the increase in net loss were primarily attributable
to the combined effect of the reason as stated in the section “FINANCIAL REVIEW” above.


Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
As at 31 March 2023, the Group had cash and cash equivalents, and pledged bank deposits amounting to
approximately HK$87.9 million (2022: approximately HK$87.2 million).


Current ratio (total current assets: total current liabilities) decreased from approximately 1.7 as at 31 March 2022
to approximately 1.3 as at 31 March 2023, mainly due to decrease in deposit, prepayments and other receivables
and contract assets. Gearing ratio was 25.8% as at 31 March 2023 (2022: Nil).


The capital structure of the Group consisted of equity of approximately HK$188.4 million (31 March 2022:
approximately HK$155.9 million) and debts of approximately HK$48.7 million as at 31 March 2023 (31 March 2022:
Nil).


Treasury Policy
The Group adopts a prudent approach in cash management. Apart from certain debts including lease liabilities,
the Group did not have any material outstanding debts as at 31 March 2023. Surplus cash is generally placed in
short term deposits with licensed bank in Hong Kong.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   09
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Foreign Exchange Exposure
     The Group only operates in Hong Kong and mainly earns revenue and incurs costs in Hong Kong dollars and US
     dollars. Foreign exchange exposure of the Group is minimal so long as the Hong Kong SAR Government’s policy
     to link the Hong Kong dollars to the US dollars remains in effect. The Board is of the view that the Group’s
     foreign exchange rate risks are insignificant during the year ended 31 March 2023.


     Capital Expenditures
     Total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2023 was approximately HK$9.6 million (2022:
     approximately HK$7.5 million) on acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Capital expenditure was funded
     by internal resources.


     Contingent Liabilities and Claims
     Save as disclosed in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group had no
     other contingent liabilities and claims as at 31 March 2023.


     Capital Commitments
     As at 31 March 2023, there were no significant capital commitments for the Group (2022: Nil).


     Significant Investments Held, Acquisition and Disposal
     Except for investment in its subsidiaries, the Group did not hold any significant investments during the year
     ended 31 March 2023.


     Save as disclosed in Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, there were no
     acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group during the year ended 31
     March 2023.


     Charges on Assets
     As at 31 March 2023, the Group had bank facilities which pledged by the bank deposits as a security for issuance
     of a non-interest bearing surety bond for construction contract of the Group.


     Segment Information
     Segmental information is presented for the Group as disclosed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
     in this annual report.




10   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 March 2023, the Group employed a total of 51 employees (including executive Directors) compared to a
total of 72 employees as at 31 March 2022. The total salaries and related costs (including Directors’ remuneration)
for the year ended 31 March 2023 were approximately HK$45.4 million (2022: approximately HK$37.9 million). The
remuneration package of the Group offered to our employees includes salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies.
In general, the Group would determine each employee’s salaries based on their qualifications, position and
seniorities. The Group has devised an annual review system to assess the performance of our employees, which
forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises, distribution of bonuses and promotions.


The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Board and recommended by the remuneration committee
of the Company, having considered the factors such as the Group’s financial performance and the individual
performance of the Directors, etc.


The Company has adopted a share option scheme to provide incentive and rewards to the Directors and eligible
employees for their contribution to the Group.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   11
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing（郭晋昇）(“Mr. Kwok”), aged 49, is the chairman of the Board and an executive Director.
     He was appointed as vice-chairman of the Board and executive Director on 12 August 2022. He was redesignated
     as the chairman of the Board on 11 January 2023. He graduated in Fujian Agricultural University（福建農業大學）
     with a Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering. He has over 25 years of experience in the environmental
     technology and new energy industries. He founded the Hong Kong Recycling Chamber of Commerce in 2015 and
     has been serving as its president. Since 2021, he has been a director of CR Environmental Protection Technology
     Research (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*（華潤環保應用技術研究（深圳）有限公司）.


     In addition, Mr. Kwok currently also participates in community associations such as the co-founder of the Hong
     Kong Coalition, a member of the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Chinese
     People’s Political Consultative Conference of Qingyuan City, Guangdong Province. He was also a member of the
     6th Election Committee for Chief Executive of Hong Kong.


     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao（詹志豪）(“Mr. Zhan”), aged 33, was appointed as an executive Director on 23 December
     2022 and chief executive officer on 11 January 2023. He graduated from Chongqing University with a Bachelor of
     Economics in 2012 and obtained a Master of Science in Applied Economics from the City University of Hong
     Kong in 2013. Mr. Zhan is a member of the CFA Institute.


     Mr. Zhan has nearly 10 years of experience in operations and ESG investment research in the green technology
     industry. From 2013 to 2019, Mr. Zhan held corporate positions in a subsidiary of Chiho Environmental Group
     Limited (stock code: 976), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with his last position as the
     assistant general manager. He joined Chun Yang International (HK) Company Limited (“Chun Yang”) in 2019 as
     the vice president. During the period from May 2020 to September 2022, Mr. Zhan founded Dr. Green
     Technology Ltd., which is engaged in development and operation of carbon tracking systems and green
     environmental protection facilities. He subsequently rejoined Chun Yang as the deputy chief executive officer in
     September 2022. Chun Yang was wholly-owned by the Offeror until the Company acquired 40% and 60% of the
     equity interests in Chun Yang in April and August 2022, respectively.




12   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Tang Chi Kin（鄧志堅）(“Mr. Tang”), aged 60, was appointed as an executive Director on 24 January 2022.
Mr. Tang is the director of Well Brand Development Limited and Smart Mind Construction Limited, companies
incorporated in Hong Kong, which are principally engaged in construction. Mr. Tang is also serving as the
chairman of the Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial Association Limited – Tai Po Branch and the vice-
president of Hong Kong Hakka Associations.


Mr. Tang has over 30 years’ experience in working in the field of construction industry and he is responsible for
broadening the business network and exploring new opportunities of development of the Group. Mr. Tang
graduated from his secondary school in the Mainland China.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent（侯穎承）(“Mr. Hau”), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 24 July 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
and nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). He is primarily responsible for
providing independent judgement on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key
appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


Mr. Hau obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Laws from The University of Hong Kong in December 1994. Mr. Hau
was admitted in August 1997 as a solicitor of the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and
is still currently practising as a solicitor. He served as an assistant solicitor in Joseph S.C. Chan & Co. Solicitors
from August 1997 and later served as a partner from September 2000 to May 2006. Since May 2006, Mr. Hau has
been serving as a senior partner in Messrs. V. Hau & Chow. He is now the honorary legal advisors of Hong Kong
Chinese Civil Servants’ Association, Hong Kong Nurses General Union and Shining Stars Foundation Hong Kong.


Mr. Hau focuses his practice on commercial transactions, litigation, banking and insolvency. He has experience in
advising on compliance matters for listed companies and handling criminal cases involving directors of a wholly-
owned subsidiary of a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Since November 2015, Mr. Hau has been a director
of WLS Limited, which is a subsidiary of Milan Station Holdings Limited (stock code: 1150) and is engaged in
retailing of spa and wellness products. Mr. Hau is in charge of the business operation, cash flow and compliance
matters for WLS Limited and assists to prepare and review the commercial documents for Milan Station Holdings
Limited.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Zhang Jue（張掘）(“Mr. Zhang”), aged 37, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 14
     January 2022. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the remuneration committee of
     the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”). He is primarily responsible for providing independent
     judgement on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of
     conduct of the Group.


     Mr. Zhang has over 13 years of experience in various areas, including investment, financial management, market
     research and auditing. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Zhang worked as a senior manager from December 2012 to
     December 2013 and as the financial controller from December 2013 to June 2014 in China New Town
     Development Company Limited, the shares of which is listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 1278). From December 2012 to June 2017, he served as a vice president in Beijing Black Eagle Fu Cheng
     Investment Management Co. Ltd.*（北京黑鷹富成投資管理有限公司）and/or its related companies. Since July
     2017, he served as a vice general manager of Beijing Qingkong Xinye Investment Management Co. Ltd.*（北京青
     控新業投資管理有限公司）. Mr. Zhang is currently a director of CCL Cold Storage Logistics Co., Ltd.*（北京中冷
     物流股份有限公司）and Shanghai Shaohua Culture Communication Co. Ltd.*（上海韶華文化傳播股份有限公司）,
     the shares of which are quoted on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations of the PRC (stock code:
     835382 and 871677, respectively). Mr. Zhang is also currently serving as an independent non-executive director of
     Ruixin International Holdings Limited, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
     724) since February 2016.


     Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree with a major in Financial Management from Shanghai University of
     Finance and Economics in 2007 and a Master’s degree of Accounting from Tsinghua University in 2015.


     Mr. Wan Simon（溫耀祥）(“Mr. Wan”), aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 24
     July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and
     Nomination Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgement on issues of strategy,
     policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


     Mr. Wan has over 26 years of experience in the sales and marketing of the building materials or interior products.
     Prior to joining the Group, he worked in several companies where his role was liaising with main contractors to
     execute subcontract works in each construction project, like providing technical skills and solutions to installation
     works and ensuring the suitability of building materials or interior products. He served 6 years in Milliken &
     Company till November 2000 with his last position as a senior territory manager. Milliken & Company operates in
     a breadth of disciplines including specialty chemical, floor covering and performance materials. From May 2001
     to February 2002, he worked as a project manager in Herman Miller Hong Kong Ltd., a furniture company. From
     April 2003 to September 2004, he worked at Dupont Textiles & Interiors (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as
     LYCRA Company Hong Kong Limited) as a regional maintenance operations manager.


     Since December 2004, Mr. Wan has been working in Sebel Furniture (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as Sebel
     Pty Ltd.), which is a leading manufacturer and supplier of educational and school furniture. His current position is
     a regional manager, Asia and his duties are to sustain business growth through regional and local expansion
     plans within key market segments through direct and channel distribution and to prepare and manage tender
     packages that require additional technical knowledge during the bidding process to marginalise over potential
     errors.


     Mr. Wan obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Building from South Bank University in June 1992.

     *   For identification only


14   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah（藍章華）(“Mr. Lam”), aged 68, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 2 June 2023. He is also a member of the Audit Committee. He has substantial experience and
extensive network in the banking and property development and property investment industries. From 1991 to
2005, he held various senior positions at Hongkong Bank of Canada (currently known as HSBC Bank Canada),
HSBC California and Hang Seng Bank Limited. He subsequently worked at Dah Sing Bank, Limited from
September 2005 to February 2012 with his last position as an executive director, head of retail banking. After that,
Mr. Lam acted as the vice chairman and an executive director of Nan Fung Property Holdings Limited in China
Property Division between February 2013 and December 2021, and he has served as their consultant since
January 2022. Mr. Lam possesses extensive experiences in property development and property investment and
has deep understanding of property industry trends.


He graduated from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute (currently known as Toronto Metropolitan University) in
Toronto, Canada in June 1988 where he received his bachelor of business management degree. He is a fellow of
The Institute of Canadian Bankers and a fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. He was a member
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Guangzhou Committee.


Mr. Lam has been an independent non-executive director of Wing Lee Property Investments Limited (a company
listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), stock code:
864), since February 2013, an independent non-executive director of Samson Paper Holdings Limited (currently
known as C&D Newin Paper & Pulp Corporation Limited) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange, stock code: 731), since May 2022, an independent non-executive director of Blue River Holdings
Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, stock code: 498), since August 2022 and an
independent non-executive director of Oshidori International Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange, stock code: 622), since August 2022. He was a non-executive director of Hong
Kong Aerospace Technology Group Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, stock
code: 1725), from October 2021 to July 2022.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Ms. Kwok Ho Yee（郭可兒）(“Ms. Kwok”), aged 45, is the chief operating officer of the Group and a director of
     Chun Yang International (HK) Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Group. Her responsibilities in the Group
     include formulating and determining corporate and business strategies and development, making major
     operation decisions, and monitoring business operations.


     Ms. Kwok has over 15 years of sales, marketing, and operation management experience in green technology and
     environmental industry with a wide business network in the Hong Kong and worldwide environmental industry.
     She is the honorary advisor of the Hong Kong Recycling Chamber of Commerce, advisor of the Gerson Lehrman
     Group, honorary advisor of Eco City Foundation and member of the Small and Medium Enterprises Committee of
     Trade and Industry Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The Green
     Achiever award under the Hong Kong Award for Environmental Excellence for 2021 recognised her efforts in
     improving the environment.


     Ms. Kwok obtained a master’s degree in Business Administration from Glasgow Caledonian University in the
     United Kingdom.


     Mr. Mark Ka Ming Lam（林嘉銘）(“Mr. Mark Lam”), aged 45, was appointed as the Group’s chief financial
     officer on 8 September 2022. As the Group chief financial officer, he is responsible for overseeing all strategic
     plans of the Group’s business development and financial operations, including managing fundraising activities
     and potential mergers and acquisitions activities.


     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Mark Lam held key leadership roles in several multinational corporations across
     various industries, including serving as the Group chief financial officer and Board Director at one of Asia’s top
     three technology, electronic, and telecom reverse supply chain management service providers. Previously, he
     worked for Hutchison Whampoa Properties Limited (a member of CK Assets Holding Limited) and Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu.


     Mr. Mark Lam is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of CPA Australia and the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants with a Master’s degree in Business Management.




16   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Ho Chi Lai, Johnny（何志禮）(“Mr. Ho”), aged 60, is a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ho joined the
Group in March 2006 as a project manager of Head Fame. Mr. Ho is responsible for the overall monitoring the
construction projects, cost estimating, managing the quality management system and administrating tendering
works of the Group.


Mr. Ho has over 36 years of experience in the construction and building works industry. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Ho had participated in numerous residential, commercial and ASD projects in Hong Kong. He had
served many construction companies, including but not limited to, WMKY Limited as an assistant engineer from
April 1987 to April 1988, Lee Shing Yue Construction Company Limited as a projects manager from June 1998 to
September 2000, and Hong Kong Wai Yip Building Materials Limited (now known as Hong Kong Wai Yip Building
Construction Limited) as a site agent, from September 2003 to May 2005.


Mr. Ho obtained an Honours Diploma in Civil Engineering from Hong Kong Baptist College in January 1986, a
Higher Diploma in Applied Statistics from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong in November 1992 and a Master of
Science in Engineering Management from City University of Hong Kong in November 2001. He then obtained a
Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Civil Engineering from The Queen’s University of Brighton in October 2003.


Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson（朱沛褀）(“Mr. Chu”), aged 38, is a company secretary of the Company (the “Company
Secretary”). Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary on 12 January 2022. Mr. Chu is a member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2011. He has over 10 years of relevant
experience in accounting and auditing and has experience in tax, internal control matters and is holding position
of company secretary in other companies listed on the Stock Exchange.


He is currently serving as the company secretary and providing professional corporate services to companies
listed in the main board and GEM of the Stock Exchange.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   17
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year
     ended 31 March 2023.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are the provision of
     superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong and the provision of reverse
     supply chain management and environmental-related service.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 are set out in the financial statements on pages 89 to
     181 of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31
     March 2023 (2022: Nil).


     BUSINESS REVIEW

     A review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2023 and a discussion on the Group’s
     future business development are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report. The
     financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in the Note 40 to the consolidated
     financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2023 using financial
     key performance indicators is provided in the management discussion and analysis on pages 7 to 11 of this
     annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationship with its key
     stakeholders, key risks and uncertainties and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
     significant impact on the Group are contained in the Report of the Directors on pages 18 to 29 of this annual
     report.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY

     The Group strives to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s
     operation does make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group
     implements a range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with
     applicable environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which
     balances the need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


     The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
     targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving the
     utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
     environment and natural resources.


     Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice such
     as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.




18   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the year, as far as the Group is aware, there was no material breach or non-compliance with applicable
laws and regulation by the Group that has a significant impact on its business and operations.


KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group believes that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in its operations but the Group uses its
best endeavors to ensure its sufficient to mitigate the risks present in our operations and financial position.


•    Our revenue relies on successful tenders of our projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no
     guarantee that our customers will provide us with new business or that we will secure new customers;


•    The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately estimate the
     costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses;


•    The Group relies on subcontractors to help complete our contracts;


•    The Group is exposed to our customers’ credit risks and our liquidity position may be adversely affected if
     our customers fail to make payment on time or in full;


•    Our performance depends on market conditions and trends in the construction industry and in the overall
     economy and there is no assurance that if the property market in Hong Kong further deteriorates, there will
     be no material adverse impact on the Group’s operation or at all, or the Group will be able to take
     appropriate measures to minimise the adverse impact on it; and


•    The Group operates in a highly competitive market.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Directors recognises that the Group’s employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors are the keys to its
sustainable development.


Employees
The Group has maintained good relationship with its employees. The Group provides the remuneration package,
including salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to
serve the Group. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the performance of its employees,
which forms the basis of its decisions with respect to an increase in salary, distribution of bonuses and
promotions.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Customers
     The Group has established a stable customer base within the private sector. Its customers in the private sector
     include private property developers and commercial enterprises which require superstructure building and/or
     RMAA works services. The Group believes that the established working relationships with its major customers
     have enhanced its market recognition and enabled the Group to attract more business opportunities.


     Suppliers and subcontractors
     The Group has established long-term and close working relationships with its major suppliers and subcontractors,
     some of whom have working relationships with the Group for 10 years. The performance of subcontractors and
     the quality of superstructure building and RMAA works contracted by the Group can be assured by the close
     relationship with its subcontractors.


     FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
     as extracted from the published annual reports and audited financial statements of the Company for the year
     ended 31 March 2023 are set out on page 182. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
     statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2023
     are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of movements during the year ended 31 March 2023 in the share capital of the Company are set out in
     Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association (“Articles”) of
     the Company or the laws of Cayman Islands, which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis
     to the exiting Shareholders.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as
     at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the rules
     governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).




20   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended 31 March 2023.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2023 are set out in page 92
and Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 March 2023 are set out in Note 33 to the consolidated
financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers accounted for
approximately 41.6% and 92.4% of the Group’s total revenue respectively.


For the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers which were the
subcontractors accounted for approximately 19.9% and 54.1% of the Group’s total of cost of services respectively.


None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors who
owned more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers or suppliers
during the year ended 31 March 2023.


DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report
were:


Executive Directors:

Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman) (appointed on 12 August 2022)
Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 23 December 2022)
Mr. Tang Chi Kin
Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)
Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Independent Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”):
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     Mr. Wan Simon
     Mr. Zhang Jue
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)


     The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from all INEDs. The Group considers all
     INEDs to be independent under the Listing Rules.


     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 12 to 17
     of this annual report.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Mr. Kwok has entered into service agreements with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 12
     August 2022 and shall continue unless terminated by either party giving no less than one month’s written notice
     served by either party on the other. Mr. Zhan has entered into service agreements with the Company for a term
     of three years commencing from 23 December 2022 and shall continue unless terminated by either party giving
     no less than one month’s written notice served by either party on the other. In case of Mr. Tang, Mr. Tang has
     entered into service agreement with the Company as an executive Director for a term of three years with effect
     from 24 January 2022, and shall continue subject to early termination in accordance with the terms of the service
     agreement. The term of service of a Director is subject to retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the
     Articles.


     All INEDs have respectively entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. Mr. Hau and Mr. Wan are
     INEDs who have entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of one year
     commencing from 24 July 2018. Mr. Zhang Jue entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an
     initial term of one year commencing from 14 January 2022. Mr. Lam entered into a letter of appointment with the
     Company for an initial term of one year commencing from 2 June 2023. The letter of appointment of each
     respective INED shall continue unless terminated by either party giving no less than one month’s written notice
     served by either party on the other.


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year
     without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in Note
     12 to the consolidated financial statements.




22   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy of the Group is based on the merit, qualification and competence and are reviewed by the
Remuneration Committee periodically. The emolument of the Directors are decided by the Board after
recommendation from the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the performance of the Group and
individual performance and comparable market statistics.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS

No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or
controlling shareholders of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 March 2023.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Group was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2023.


COMPETING INTERESTS

The Directors confirm that neither the controlling shareholders of the Company nor their respective close
associates is interested in a business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete,
directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the
Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report.


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has made an annual declaration to the Company that
during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to date of this annual report, he/it has complied with the term of
non-competition undertakings (“Non-Competition Undertakings”) given in favour of the Company. The INEDs
have also reviewed the status of compliance by each of the controlling shareholders of the Company with the
undertakings stipulated in the Non-Competition Undertakings and have confirmed that, as far as the INEDs can
ascertain, there is no breach of any of such undertakings.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2023 are
set out in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. For the year ended 31 March 2023, none of these
related party transactions are connected transaction which are subject to the disclosure requirements of Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     On 21 March 2023, the Company entered into the subscription and debt capitalisation agreement with Chun Yip
     International Investment Limited (“Chun Yip”), pursuant to which Chun Yip has conditionally agreed to subscribe
     for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, an aggregate of 103,650,000 new Shares at the
     capitalisation price of HK$0.40 per capitalisation share. Chun Yip is wholly-owned by Mr. Kwok, the chairman of
     the Board and an executive Director. Mr. Kwok directly owned, and was through Chun Yip interested in,
     90,000,000 Shares and 441,860,000 Shares respectively, collectively representing approximately 55.43% of the
     total number of issued Shares as at the date of the subscription and debt capitalisation agreement. Chun Yip is
     therefore a connected person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the
     subscription constitutes a connected transaction and is subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent
     Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The subscription was approved by
     the shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 9 May 2023 and was completed on
     15 May 2023.


     Save as disclosed above, for the year ended 31 March 2023, there was no transactions which constituted
     connected transaction(s) or continuing connected transaction(s) of the Company.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     In accordance with article 191 of the Articles, the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
     out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
     about the execution of the duties of their office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
     maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the
     Directors.


     DONATIONS

     Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2023 amounted to
     HK$64,600 (2022: HK$64,600).


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     As at 31 March 2023, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that
     require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were
     entered into by the Company.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the
     Shareholders passed on 25 July 2018 are set below:


     Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to Participants (as defined below)
     for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and
     attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity.


24   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Participants
Participant means any person belonging to any of the following classes of participants:

(a)   any employee (whether full time or part time employee, including any executive Directors) of the Company,
      any of its subsidiaries and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”)
      eligible;

(b)   any non-executive Director (including INEDs) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;

(c)   any supplier of goods or services to any member or Invested Entity;

(d)   any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(e)   any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of
      the Group or any Invested Entity;

(f)   any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by
      any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

(g)   any adviser (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of any
      member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and

(h)   any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute, by way of joint venture,
      business alliance, other business arrangement or otherwise, to the development and growth of the Group,
      and for the purposes of the Share Option Scheme, the options may be granted to any company wholly-
      owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of Participants or any discretionary
      object of a Participant which is a discretionary trust.

Total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
The total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all options (excluding for this purposed
option(s) which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes) to
be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the
total number of the Shares in issue on the Listing Date. On the basis of 800,000,000 Shares in issue on the Listing
Date, the limit will be equivalent to 80,000,000 Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing
Date.

Maximum entitlement of each participant
No Participant shall be granted option(s) which would result in the total number of Shares already issued and to
be issued upon the exercise of all the Options granted to such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and
outstanding Options) in any 12-month period exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue, provided that
if separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Participant and his close associates (or his
associates if such Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting, the Company may make further grant
of option(s) to such Participant (the “Further Grant”) notwithstanding that the Further Grant would result in the
total number of Shares already issued and to be issued upon the exercise of all the options granted to such
Participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and including
the date of such Further Grant exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Term of subscription of shares upon exercise of the options
     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a
     period to be determined by the Board absolutely, provided that such period shall not be more than 10 years from
     the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted in accordance with the Share Option
     Scheme.


     Minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
     The Board may, at its discretion, determine the minimum period for which the option has to be held before the
     option can be exercised.


     Time of acceptance and the amount payable on acceptance of the option
     Upon acceptance of an offer for grant of options, the Grantee shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as consideration
     for the grant. The options will be offered for acceptance for a period of 21 days from the date of the offer.


     No option was granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2023 and no options
     granted under the Share Option Scheme were exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the year ended 31 March
     2023.


     Basis of determining the subscription price
     The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme is
     determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
     as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a trading date; (ii)
     the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the
     five trading dates immediately preceding the date of grant; or (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


     The remaining life of the scheme
     The Share Option Scheme will remain effective for a period of ten years commencing from 25 July 2018 and the
     remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is about five years.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 March
     2023 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire
     benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




26   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 March 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”),
which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10
of the Listing Rules, were as follows:


                                                                                                      Interest           Approximate
                                                                                                  in ordinary              percentage
                                                                                                        shares          of interests in
Name of Directors                         Nature of interest                                           (Note 1)         the Company


Mr. Kwok                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                     441,860,000                    46.05%
                                                                                                       (Note 2)
                                         Beneficial owner                                           90,000,000                    9.38%
Mr. Tang                                 Beneficial owner                                           40,320,000                    4.20%
Mr. Zhan                                 Beneficial owner                                            6,950,000                    0.72%

Notes:

1.       As at 31 March 2023, the Company has issued 959,487,500 Shares.

2.       These Shares are held by Chun Yip, which is beneficially wholly owned by Mr. Kwok. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Kwok is deemed to be
         interested in all the Shares held by Chun Yip.




                                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023       27
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
     COMPANY

     So far as the Directors are aware, as at 31 March 2023, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
     chief executive officer of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
     which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
     3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


     Long Position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                  Total number of               Approximate
                                                                                                   ordinary shares            percentage of
                                                                                                   and underlying                 interests in
     Name of shareholder(s)                       Nature of interest                                           shares          the Company
                                                                                                          (Note 1, 2)


     Chun Yip                                     Beneficial owner (Note 3)                              441,860,000                    46.05%

     Notes:

     1.       As at 31 March 2023, the Company has issued 959,487,500 Shares.

     2.       All interests stated are long positions.

     3.       Chun Yip is the direct Shareholder, which is beneficially wholly owned by Mr. Kwok. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Kwok are deemed to be
              interested in all the Shares held by Chun Yip.



     Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in
     the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2023.




28   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Directors are not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure
that has taken place subsequent to 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this report.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Brief biographical details of the Directors including the changes in the Directors’ information (if any) during the
year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report are included in the section headed
“Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company’s Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 30 to 44.


AUDITOR

On 24 October 2022, BDO Limited (“BDO”) resigned and Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (“Baker Tilly”) was
appointed as the auditor of the Group. BDO confirmed that there were no matters that need to be brought to
the attention of the shareholders of the Company in relation to its resignation. Details of the change of auditor
were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 24 October 2022.


Save as disclosed above, there were no other changes in auditor of the Group during the past three years.


The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 were audited by Baker
Tilly. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint
Baker Tilly as auditor of the Company.


APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 were approved by the
Board on 23 June 2023.




On behalf of the Board
Kwok Chun Sing
Chairman


Hong Kong, 23 June 2023




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company recognises the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is
     committed in achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results
     and improve its corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company has adopted and complied with applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in the
     Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year
     ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report. The Directors will periodically review on the
     Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance
     with the Code Provisions from time to time.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
     conduct of dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiry to all Directors, all
     Directors have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 March
     2023 and up to the date of this annual report.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Composition and role
     The composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report is
     set out below:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman) (appointed on 12 August 2022)
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 23 December 2022)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)


     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     Mr. Wan Simon
     Mr. Zhang Jue
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)




30   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Role and functions of the Board and management
The principal function of the Board are to formulate corporate strategy and business development and to ensure
a high standard of corporate governance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
implementing business strategy and managing day-to-day administration and operations of the Group’s business
to the chief executive officer and the senior management. Executive Directors and the senior management meet
regularly to review the performance of the business of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and
make financial and operational decisions. The Board is regularly provided with management update report to
give a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position, recent development and prospect
of the Group in sufficient details.


The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.


The biographies of the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report
and the relationships among them are set out in the “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management”
section on pages 12 to 17 of this annual report. The executive Directors bring a good balance of skills and
experience to the Company. The independent non-executive Directors provide their independent judgement on
the development, performance and risk management of the Group. The Directors are fully aware that they are
individually and collectively accountable to shareholders.


Directors’ continuous professional development
During the year ended 31 March 2023, all Directors confirmed to comply with the provision of the CG Code in
relation to continuous professional development. In doing so, the Directors have undertaken various forms of
activities relevant to the Company’s business and Directors’ duties and responsibilities. The Company held a
training for all Directors to provide them with knowledge on the duties and responsibilities of the Directors
before they were on board.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The record of continuous professional development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business
     development that have been received by the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up to date of
     this annual report are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                             Attending
                                                                                                           seminar(s) or
                                                                                                         programme(s)/
                                                                                                       reading relevant
                                                                                                              materials


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman) (appointed on 12 August 2022)                                                      ✓
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 23 December 2022)                                       ✓
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin                                                                                                 ✓
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)                                                                  ✓
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)                                                                  ✓

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                                                       ✓
     Mr. Wan Simon                                                                                                    ✓
     Mr. Zhang Jue                                                                                                    ✓
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)                                                               ✓

     Meetings
     Attendance records of the Board meetings, meetings of all committees and general meetings of the Company
     during the year ended 31 March 2023 were set out below:

                                                                        Audit Remuneration      Nomination        Annual
                                                           Board    Committee   Committee       Committee        general
                                                          meeting     meeting     meeting         meeting        meeting


     Number of meetings held                                   10           3              3              3            1

     Name of Director                                                    Number of meetings attended

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
      (appointed on 12 August 2022)                           6/6         N/A           N/A            N/A           1/1
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (appointed on 23 December 2022)         3/3         N/A           N/A            N/A          N/A
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin                                       10/10         N/A           N/A            N/A           1/1
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (resigned on 11 January 2023)          7/7         N/A           N/A             3/3          1/1
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (resigned on 11 January 2023)          7/7         N/A            3/3           N/A           1/1

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                             10/10          3/3          N/A             3/3          1/1
     Mr. Wan Simon                                          10/10          3/3           3/3           N/A           1/1
     Mr. Zhang Jue                                           9/10          3/3           3/3            3/3          1/1
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah (appointed on 2 June 2023)      N/A          N/A           N/A            N/A          N/A

32   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Board also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of
mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. Taking into account the following
channels, the Board considered that the Company had in place mechanisms which remain effective to ensure a
strong independent element on the Board:


•    a sufficient number of three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the
     Board and all of them continue to devote adequate time contribution to the Company;


•     the independent non-executive Directors have an equal status to other Board members;


•    all independent non-executive Directors share their views and opinions through regular quarterly meetings;


•    annual meeting between the Chairman and all independent non-executive Directors without presence of
     other Directors providing effective platform for the Chairman to listen independent views on various issues
     concerning the Group;


•    interaction with management and other Board members including the Chairman outside the boardroom
     upon request by the Directors; and


•    independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive Directors upon
     reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Pursuant to the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the
chairman and chief executive should be clearly established to ensure a balance of power and authority.


Mr. Kwok serves as the chairman of the Board and is responsible for overall strategic planning, business
development and corporate management. Mr. Zhan serves as the chief executive officer of the Company and is
responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has appointed four INEDs representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the INEDs in respect of his independence in
accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the
view that all INEDs are independent.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     Each of the executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement or a letter
     of appointment with the Company for a specific term and is subject to termination provisions therein and
     provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


     In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the
     time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than
     one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
     term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible
     for re-election. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated office.


     In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
     hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to
     re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
     office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for
     re-election. Any Director appointed under this Article 112 shall not be taken into account in determining the
     Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at an annual general meeting.


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
     Remuneration Committee. The table below provides the membership information of these committees on which
     certain Board members served:


                                                                        Audit        Remuneration            Nomination
     Name of Director                                             Committee             Committee             Committee


     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing                                                      –                     –                    C
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao                                                        –                    M                      –
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                             M                      –                    M
     Mr. Wan Simon                                                          M                      C                    M
     Mr. Zhang Jue                                                           C                    M                      –
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah                                                M                      –                     –

     Notes:

     C – committee chairman

     M – committee member




34   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written
terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph D.3.3 of the CG Code. The
Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee effective from 2 January 2019,
which had included changes in line with the requirements under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee is
comprised of four INEDs, namely Mr. Zhang Jue, Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent, Mr. Wan Simon and Mr. Lam John
Cheung-wah . Mr. Zhang Jue is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for considering all relationships between the Company and the
auditing firm (including the provision of non-audit services), monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial
statements and issues arising from the audit, and reviewing the Group’s internal controls and risk management.
In addition, the Audit Committee has been delegated the responsibility to perform the corporate governance
functions including:


1.   Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;


2.   Reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
     management;


3.   Developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
     employees of the Company and the Directors;


4.   Developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
     recommendations to the Board and reporting to the Board on such matters;


5.   Reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
     Corporate Governance Report;


6.   Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy; and


7.   Considering any other topics, as determined by the Board.


A summary of the work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2023, the Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 March 2023 and the Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2022 with the
external auditor, considered and approved the audit work of the auditors, reviewed the business and financial
performance of the Company and internal control system and risk management, and determined the policy for
corporate governance. The Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2023 has been reviewed by the
Audit Committee.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules with
     written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph E.1.2 of the CG Code.
     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee, under the principle that no Director or any of his associates
     should be involved in deciding his own remuneration include, among others, making recommendations to the
     Board on (a) remuneration policy and structure for all of the Directors and senior management; (b) the
     establishment of a format and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (c) the remuneration
     packages of the executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
     compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their offices or
     appointments; and (d) the remuneration of the INEDs. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of two INEDs,
     namely Mr. Wan Simon and Mr. Zhang Jue, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao. Mr. Wan
     Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


     The Remuneration Committee held three meetings up to the date of this annual report. The Remuneration
     Committee reviewed and approved the Group’s policy on salary adjustment and discretionary bonus which
     applies to Directors and senior management of the Company and the policy has been set to align with the
     Group’s operating performance while taking into account as salaries paid by comparable companies, time
     commitment and responsibilities of Directors and senior management. In addition, the Company awards
     discretionary bonus as performance-based bonuses and incentives at executive directors and senior management
     to the achievement of strategic objectives of the Company can be measured. The discretionary bonus plan is
     subject to annual review by the Remuneration Committee, depending on changes to the Company’s objectives
     and strategy, the recommendation be made to the Board.


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company
     under the section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


     Remuneration payment made to senior management (exclude Directors) of the Group for the year ended 31
     March 2023 and 2022 falls within the following bands:


                                                                                Number of senior management
     Remuneration Band (HK$)                                                             2023                 2022


     Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     4                    2
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                            3                    3




36   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
Paragraph B.3.1 of the CG Code. The Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee effective from 2 January 2019. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among
others, (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
Company’s corporate strategy; (b) identifying individuals suitability qualified to become members of the Board
and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
directorships; (c) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (d) making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and succession planning for the Directors; and (e) reviewing the policy (the “Policy”) concerning the
diversity of the Board and the measurable objectives that the Board has adopted for implementing the Policy and
to make the relevant disclosure on the progress of achieving those objectives in the corporate governance report
of the Company. The Nomination Committee is comprised of two INEDs, namely Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
and Mr. Wan Simon, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Kwok Chun Sing who is the chairman of the
Nomination Committee.


A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 March 2023 and up
to the date of this annual report, the members discussed matters relating to composition of the Board and make
recommendation thereon to the Board for consideration, the diversity of the Board, the re-election of the
Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the recommendation of the measurable objectives that the
Board should adopt for implementing the Policy as well as reviewing the independence of the INEDs.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a “Board Diversity Policy” (the “Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve diversity
on the Board and the Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Policy. In
assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, or professional experience etc. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions
which may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the Policy on an annual basis to ensure its
continued effectiveness. The Group will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to
senior level and engage more resources in career development and training female staff with the aim of
promoting them to the senior management or directorship of the Company; and will continue to apply the
principle of appointments based on merits with reference to the Policy as a whole.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board places emphasis on diversity (including gender diversity) across all levels of the Group. The employee
     gender ratio of the Group as at 31 March 2023 is 2.4 male: 1 female. The Group when hiring employees considers
     a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education background, qualification,
     ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service, and the Group will make sure
     achieving gender diversity across the workforce. The Board considers that the gender ratio in the workforce
     (including senior management) is satisfactory. Yet, the Group will still (i) periodically review internal records on
     gender diversity; (ii) identify suitable female candidates for relevant positions within the Company; and (iii) try to
     ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level and engage more resources in
     career development and training female staff with the aim of promoting them to the senior management or
     directorship of the Company. The Board will ensure that any successors to the Board shall follow the Policy.


     The Board currently comprised of 7 male Directors. To achieve Board diversity, the Company is contemplating to
     include a female director to join the Board by December 2024.


     During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the independence of the
     independent non-executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the retiring directors standing for election
     at the 2023 annual general meeting, to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and to review the
     Policy. In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would
     consider the candidate’s character, qualifications, experience, independence and other relevant criteria necessary
     to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making
     recommendation to the Board.


     NOMINATION POLICY

     The Company has adopted nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 2 January 2019. The purpose is to
     identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to the Board for appointment or to the Shareholders for election
     as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall consider, among others, the following criteria in evaluating and
     selecting candidates for directorships:


     •     Reputation for integrity;


     •     Accomplishment, experience and reputation in the relevant industry and other relevant sectors;


     •     Commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company’s business;


     •     Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
           experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge;


     •     The ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s success;


     •     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the
           appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and


     •     Any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Nomination Committee or the Board from time to
           time.



38   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a director shall be assessed and/or considered
against the criteria and qualifications set out in the Nomination Policy by the Nomination Committee which shall
recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.


The Board will from time to time review the Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its
continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 2 January 2019 in compliance with the
Code Provision F.1.1 of the CG Code. It is the policy of the Company, in considering the payments of dividends
and to allow Shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future
growth of the Group.


Under the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
the Board shall take into account, inter alia:


•    the general financial condition of the Group;


•    capital and debt level of the Group;


•    future cash requirements and availability for business operations, business strategies and future
     development needs;


•    any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


•    the general market conditions; and


•    any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.


The payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the
Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and regulations and the Articles. The Policy will be reviewed
by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in
any specific periods.


DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities against
possibility of legal action to be taken against its Directors and officers. During the year ended 31 March 2023, no
claim was made against the Directors and officers of the Company.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial year which gives a true and fair
     view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that year. The Board is not aware of
     any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, the Board therefore continues to adopt the going concern approach in preparing
     the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the Independent
     Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


     INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

     The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is willing
     to accept in reaching its strategic objectives and to ensure that the Group has established and maintained
     appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.


     The Group’s risk management and internal control system includes the setting up of a management structure
     with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group achieve its business objectives, to protect its assets
     against unauthorised use or disposition, and to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the
     provision of reliable financial information and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations. These systems
     are also designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
     manage rather than eliminate all risks of failure in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives.


     During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Company engaged an external independent consulting firm to assist
     the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of certain of the Group’s risk management and internal
     controls systems. The external independent consulting firm performed annual risk management and internal
     control review of all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls of the Company. A
     risk management report and an internal control review report were submitted to the Audit Committee and the
     Board. Any actions and measures taken to improve risk management and internal controls on the findings and
     recommendations will be followed up by the external independent consulting firm. Accordingly, the Audit
     Committee and the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and such
     systems have been implemented with adequate resources during the year ended 31 March 2023.


     There is currently no internal audit function within the Group. The Directors have reviewed the need for an
     internal audit function and are of the view that in light of the size, nature and complexity of the business of the
     Group, it would be more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform internal audit
     function for the Group in order to meet its needs. Nevertheless, the Directors will continue to review at least
     annually the need for an internal audit function.




40   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Main Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The key elements of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems include the establishment of a
risk register to keep track of and record identified risks, the assessment and evaluation of risks, the development
and continuous updating of responsive procedures, and the ongoing testing of internal control procedures to
ensure their effectiveness.


An ongoing risk management approach is adopted by the Company for identifying and assessing the key
inherent risks that affect the achievements of its objectives. A risk matrix is adopted to determine the risk rating (L
= low risk, M = medium risk, H = high risk) after evaluation of the risk by the likelihood and the impact of each
risk event. The risk ratings reflect the level of managements, attention and risk treatment effort required.


Process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks
During the process of risk assessment, each risk owner of departments is required to capture and identify the key
inherent risks that affect the achievement of its objectives. Each inherent risk is evaluated according to the risk
matrix. After taking into consideration the risk response, such as control measures in place to mitigate the risk,
the residual risk of each risk event will be evaluated again. The risk register with the risk responses and residual
risks is reported to the management. The management evaluates the effectiveness of the systems and report to
the Audit Committee and the Board. The highest category of residual risks is subject to the Board’s oversight.


PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND
DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Board has already established a policy on the internal controls procedures for the handling and
dissemination of inside information. The policy stipulates the obligations of the Group, in respect of the
restriction on disseminating non-public information, handling of rumours, unintentional selective disclosure,
exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside information, and compliance and reporting procedures. Senior
management must take all reasonable measures to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of
any disclosure requirement from time to time, and must promptly bring any possible leakage or divulgence of
inside information to the attention of the Company Secretary, or his delegates, who will notify the Board timely
and accordingly for taking the appropriate action promptly. For any material violation of this policy, the Board will
decide, or designate appropriate persons to decide the course of actions for rectifying the problem and avoiding
recurrence. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not
false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of
presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative
facts.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2023, external auditor’s remuneration for annual audit services was
approximately HK$0.8 million; and external auditor’s remuneration for non-audit service assignments was
approximately HK$0.6 million, which mainly for advisory and other reporting review services. The Audit
Committee concludes that it is satisfied with the findings of its review of the audit and non-audit services fees,
process and effectiveness, independence and objectivity.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary on 12 January 2022. The biographical details of Mr. Chu are
     set out under the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.
     In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chu has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
     training during the financial year ended 31 March 2023.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting
     The following procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) are subject to
     the Articles (as amended from time to time), and the applicable legislation and regulation, in particular the Listing
     Rules (as amended from time to time):


     •     Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the
           requisition not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”)
           carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
           requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
           transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months
           after the deposit of such requisition;


     •     The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) and
           deposit it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Room
           2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, and such may
           consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitions;


     •     The requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their
           shareholding, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the details of the business (es) proposed to be
           transacted in the EGM, and must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned together with a
           deposit of a sum of money reasonable sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of
           the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned in accordance with
           the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders;


     •     The requisition will be verified with Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company
           and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by
           serving sufficient notice in accordance with the requirements under the Articles to all the registered
           shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order or the shareholders
           concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for the said purposes,
           the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the Board will not
           call for an EGM; and




42   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the Eligible
     Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
     incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
     Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.


Procedure by which enquires may be put to the Board
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary in
writing by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China
Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


Procedure for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting
There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for shareholders to put
forward new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request
the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph
heading “How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting”.


WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

The whistleblowing policy has been put in place for all employees and those who have business dealings with the
Group (including customers and suppliers) to deal with concerns related to fraudulent or unethical acts or
non-compliances with laws and the Group’s policies that have or could have significant adverse financial, legal or
reputational impacts on the Group. They may raise concerns about the possible improprieties in any matters
related to the Group, in person or in writing to the company secretary of the Company who shall report to the
chairman of the Audit Committee in confidence and anonymity. The chairman of the Audit Committee shall then
determine the course of action to pursue, with power to delegate, with respect to the report.


ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

The Group has formulated its own anti-corruption policy to ensure the Directors and employees within the Group
comply with the Hong Kong Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, the Criminal Law of the PRC, the Anti-Unfair
Competition Law of the PRC and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC, where applicable. The policy sets
out the integrity and conduct requirements and policies or controls in place which applies to all Directors and
employees of the Group at all levels, and external parties doing business with the Group and those acting in an
agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group (e.g., agents, consultants and contractors). The policy is
reviewed from time to time to ensure that it remains appropriate.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     INVESTOR RELATIONS

     Communication with shareholders
     The Board recognises the importance of good communication with all shareholders. The Company believes that
     maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations.


     The Company has established several communication channels, including (a) the annual and extraordinary
     general meetings which provide a forum for shareholders to communicate directly with the Board; (b) printed
     corporate documents mailing to shareholders; (c) announcement disseminating the latest activities of the Group
     on the web-sites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and (d) the Company’s web-site providing an
     electronic means of communication.


     The Board will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness. During the year
     ended 31 March 2023, the Board reviewed the implementations and effectiveness of the policy and considered
     that the policy remained effective and was properly implemented given the multiple channels of communication
     in place during the year.


     Constitutional documents
     There had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the year ended 31
     March 2023 and up to the date of this annual report.


     In order to (i) bring the Articles in line with the relevant requirements of the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands
     and the Listing Rules; and (ii) make other consequential and housekeeping amendments, the Company would
     amend the Articles and adopt the new Articles incorporating the said proposed amendments in substitution for,
     and to the exclusion of, the existing Articles (the “Proposed Amendments”). The Company would publish an
     announcement and AGM Circular to disclose the details of the Proposed Amendments in due course and the
     Proposed Amendments are subject to the approval of the Shareholders by way of a special resolution at the
     Company’s forthcoming annual general meeting.




44   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ABOUT THIS REPORT

Golden Ponder Holdings Limited is delighted to publish the Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the
“ESG Report”) for the financial year ended 31 March 2023. This ESG Report herein focuses on providing an
overview of the environmental and social aspects of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), and outlines
how we seek continuous improvement in our operational strategy in relation to our environment and society in
order to cope with the global standards of sustainability.


Reporting Period
This ESG Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and social aspects
from 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023 (the “Reporting Period” or “2022/2023”).

Reporting Scope and Boundary
This ESG Report discloses related policies and initiatives for the core and material business, namely the provision
of superstructure building and RMAA works service in Hong Kong, and also the business of reverse supply chain
management and environmental-related service. There are changes in the scopes and boundaries of this ESG
Report for the year ended 31 March 2023 (“2022/2023”), compared to the last ESG report for the year ended 31
March 2022, which includes the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
in this Reporting Period. This change is due to the completion of acquisition of Chun Yang International (HK)
Company Limited and Cornerstone Energy Limited during the Reporting Period, which is mainly engaged in the
business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service.


This ESG Report discloses environmental key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and social KPIs of the corporate
office (“office”), the business of the superstructure building and RMAA works project (“construction project”)
and the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
(“environmental-related service”). The nature of these representative projects of the superstructure building
and RMAA works service may differ from year to year. This ESG Report covers all the Group’s operations, the aim
of the Group is to upgrade its internal data collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of the
disclosure. If the scopes and boundaries of the specific contents vary, they are noted in the relevant sections of
this ESG Report.

Reporting Basis and Principle
This ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide”
(the “ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing
Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and on the basis of the four
reporting principles – materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency:


•    “Materiality” Principle:


     The Group determines material ESG issues by stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment. Details
     are explained in the section headed “Materiality Assessment”.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •     “Quantitative” Principle:


           Information is presented with quantitative measures, whenever feasible, including information on the
           standards, methodologies, assumptions used and provision of comparative data.


     •     “Balance” Principle:


           This ESG Report identifies the achievements and challenges faced by the Group, which provides an
           unbiased picture of the Group’s performance within the Reporting Period, avoiding selections, omissions, or
           presentation formats that may inappropriately influence a decision or judgement by the reader.


     •     “Consistency” Principle:


           Methodologies adopted for preparing this ESG Report are consistent with the last year, unless otherwise
           stated.


     This ESG Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and reported on selected recommended
     disclosures outlined in the ESG Guide.


     The information contained herein is sourced from internal documents and statistics of the Group, as well as the
     combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries in accordance with the
     Group’s internal management systems. A complete content index is appended to the last section hereof for quick
     reference. This ESG Report is prepared and published in both English and Chinese. In the event of contradiction
     or inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.


     Review and Approval
     This ESG Report was approved by the Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board”) on 23 June 2023, after
     confirmation by the management of the Group. An electronic version of this Report is available on the HKEXnews
     website (www.hkexnew.hk).


     Feedback
     The Group respects your view on our sustainable development performance. Should you have any opinions or
     suggestions, you are welcome to share them with the Group at mail@goldenponder.com.




46   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


INTRODUCTION

The Group is committed to integrating ESG factors into its operations in order to create sustainable value for
stakeholders and take up the responsibilities as a corporate citizen. To minimise the ESG risks embedded in the
business operations, the Group maintains stringent internal control and risk management systems. We have
implemented an integrated management system (IMS). The IMS comprises three international management
system standards – ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. This integrated system allows us to monitor and
manage ESG-related risks in an organised manner. In order to establish our IMS across operations in the Group,
all departments are required to develop their own set of guidelines and are held responsible for compliance. The
system is regularly audited by both internal and external parties and the results are reviewed by the Group’s
senior management to monitor performance and compliance.


As we continue our sustainability journey, performance indicators and targets that are material to our business
will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our future reports. We will continue to strengthen
our engagement with key stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and practices, to forge a long-term
sustainable business.


BOARD STATEMENT

On behalf of the Group, our Board is pleased to present this ESG Report to report our progress in building a
sustainable future. The Group endeavours to put the sustainable development of our business as the top priority
of our long-term development goals, and incorporate climate-related issues and ESG elements into our
long-term business strategic planning. As the most important leading role of the Group, the Board has the sole
responsibility to oversee, directly manage and monitor the Group’s ESG issues and progress.


The Group has formalised an interdepartmental ESG Working Group to coordinate different departments and
enhance their cooperation, to ensure that performance is consistent and stakeholders’ expectations can be met.
We work together to realise our sustainable development goals as a team.


We have set clear short-term and long-term sustainable development visions and goals to achieve ongoing
emission reduction progress according to governmental requirements of different countries and regions. Relevant
emission reduction targets and corresponding strategies are established and sustainable development factors
have been incorporated into our strategic planning, business model and other decision-making processes. The
Board regularly monitors and reviews the effectiveness of management, including reviewing the Group’s ESG
performance and adjusting corresponding action plans, effective implementation of ESG practices relies on the
collaboration of different departments, and following the recommendations given by the Stock Exchange.


The Group strives to ensure the establishment of appropriate and effective risk management and internal control
systems to supervise the identification and assessment of ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities, and to
respond to the challenges and impacts of different times.


We strive to create a better environment, looking ahead, the Board will continue to review and monitor the
environmental, social and corporate governance performance of the Group.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

     The Board supports the Group’s commitment to fulfilling its environmental and social responsibility and has
     overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
     determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management
     and internal control systems are in place.


     The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility of the implementation to the ESG Working Group. The
     ESG Working Group is composed of senior management and core members from different departments of the
     Group and is responsible to facilitate the adoption of ESG strategies and policies throughout the Group. The
     ESG Working Group serves a supportive role to our Board in implementing the agreed ESG practices, targets
     and strategies, conducting materiality assessments of environmental-related, and social-related risks and
     assessing how the Group adapts its business in light of changes, collecting ESG data from relevant parties, and
     continuous monitoring of the implementation of measures to address the Group’s ESG-related risks and
     responsibilities. The ESG Working Group is also responsible for the investigation of deviations from targets and
     liaises with the functional department to take prompt rectification actions. The ESG Working Group reports to the
     Board on the implementation of ESG initiatives and the corresponding performance.


     The Board regularly reviews the Group’s ESG performance, and examines and approves the Group’s annual ESG
     report.


     Governance structure




                        Board                            ESG Working Group             Functional Department
            The Board is responsible for             The ESG Working Group is          Functional department is
            the overall decision-making,             responsible for assisting the   responsible for the execution
             oversees the formulation,                   Board in managing and       of implemented measures to
                 administration, and                 monitoring the ESG matters       achieve the set strategies
               assessment of the ESG                        on a daily basis.                and targets.
                       system.




48   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and success. The
stakeholder engagement helps the Group to develop a business strategy that meets the needs and expectations
of stakeholders, enhances the ability to identify risk and strengthens important relationships. The Group
communicates with its stakeholders through various channels, shown as below.


          Stakeholder                                      Communication Channel

                                   •    Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
  Government and regulatory
                                        information
            agencies
                                   •    Supervision and inspection

                                   •    Annual general meetings and other general meetings of shareholders
                                   •    Company website
  Shareholders and investors       •    Press releases/announcements
                                   •    Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
                                        information

                                   •    Training
                                   •    Meetings
           Employee
                                   •    Performance evaluation
                                   •    Survey

                                   •    Fax, email and telephone
           Customer
                                   •    Customer satisfaction survey

                                   •    Meetings
   Suppliers/Subcontractors/
                                   •    Site visit
       Business Partners
                                   •    Survey

                                   •    ESG Reports
          Community
                                   •    Press releases/announcements




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
     The Group has identified ESG issue that have potential or actual impact on its sustainable development from
     various sources, such as issues identified in internal policies, industry trends and the Sustainability Accounting
     Standards Board’s Materiality Map. The ESG issues have been analysed with reference to an array of factors,
     including the Group’s overall strategy, development, and goals and targets. The Group has conducted a
     materiality assessment to rate the identified ESG issues that are pertinent to its business and stakeholders, and
     their respective levels of impact.

     The Group has conducted a materiality assessment to rate the identified ESG issues that are pertinent to its
     business and stakeholders, and their respective levels of impact. The issues that fall within the top right-hand
     quadrant have relatively higher significance to both stakeholders and Group’s business. The Group will continue
     to improve its reporting process based on the assessment. The assessment results are shown below:

                                                                  Materiality Matrix


                                                                                                    25, 26                     14

                                                                                                                  16, 23, 24

                                                           11                                                     15, 21

                                                                                     13             8, 20




                         Impact on the Stakeholder
                                                                        12

                                                                                                    17



                                                                                     22

                                                           27          7             19

                                                                                     9              18                         4

                                                                        6                           3, 5

                                                                        10

                                                     28

                                                                                                    2

                                                                                                                  1



                                                                     Impact on the Group

     1     Air emissions                                  11    Employment practices                         21       Customer satisfaction
     2     Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions               12    Diversity and equal opportunities            22       Intellectual property
     3     Effluents management                           13    Anti-discrimination                          23       Safety of projects
     4     Waste management                               14    Occupational health and safety               24       Quality of projects
     5     Energy efficiency                              15    Development and training                     25       Business ethics
     6     Water efficiency                               16    Child labour and forced labour               26       Anti-corruption training for
                                                                                                                      management and employees
     7     Use of materials                               17    Responsible supply chain management       27          Contributions to the society
     8     Environmental compliance                       18    Environmental friendliness on products or 28          Communication and connection with
                                                                service purchased                                     local community
     9     Land use, pollution and restoration            19    Compliance with regulations on marketing,
                                                                product and service labelling
     10    Climate change                                 20    Customers’ privacy and confidentiality



50   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL

Overview
The Group endeavours to minimise any adverse impact on the environment resulting from its business activities.
The Group had implemented an environmental management system which was certified to be in compliance with
the standard required under ISO 14001:2015. Apart from following the environmental protection policies
formulated and required by customers, the Group has also established the Environmental Policy to ensure proper
management of environmental protection and compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both our
employees and workers of the subcontractors, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal. The
Group’s Environmental Policy specifies the guidelines for protecting the environment in various aspects. During
the Reporting Period, in recognition of the Group’s emphasis in green management practices ad contributions to
environmental protection, the environmental-related service business was honoured as Hong Kong Green
Organisation by the Environmental Campaign Committee.


Emissions
The Group’s businesses are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws and regulations
in Hong Kong such as Air Pollution Control Ordinance, Noise Control Ordinance, Water Pollution Control
Ordinance and Waste Disposal Ordinance, Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A breach of these
ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. The Group ensures its
compliance with relevant laws and regulations through measures described in the following sections. During the
Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


Air Emissions
As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works service and
reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service to customers, there are no significant air
emissions from stationary sources and dust in the sites of operation, we adopt appropriate dust reduction
measures to further eliminate any air emissions by water spraying and maintaining ventilation.


The air pollutants are mainly emitted from the fuel consumption of mobile vehicles, including nitrogen oxides
(NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx) and particulate matter (PM). To manage the emissions from vehicles, all vehicles are
under frequent and regular checks and maintenance to enhance fuel consumption efficiency, ensure road safety
and keep air emissions and GHG emissions at their minimum. Also, idling engine of vehicles is prohibited.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The NOx, SOx and PM emissions recorded an increase during the Reporting Period, as compared to the last
     reporting period. The increase was attributable to the increase in the number of vehicles and subsequently the
     vehicle usage as the Group has acquired new business during the Reporting Period. Going forward, we have set
     a reduction target to reduce each type of air emissions by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March
     2023 before 2035. The Group will continue to monitor and record air emissions, enhance related data collection
     system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


                                                                                                         2022/20231              2021/20222
     Air Emissions   3
                                                                                                                     kg                    kg


     Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
       – Office                                                                                                      –                     –
       – Construction Project                                                                                    33.24                 29.81
       – Environmental-related service                                                                           77.64                     –


     Total NOx Emissions                                                                                       110.88                  29.81

     Sulphur oxides (SOx)
       – Office                                                                                                       –                     –
       – Construction Project                                                                                      0.06                  0.06
       – Environmental-related service                                                                             0.10                     –


     Total SOx Emissions                                                                                           0.16                  0.06

     Particulate matter (PM)
       – Office                                                                                                       –                     –
       – Construction Project                                                                                      3.06                  2.76
       – Environmental-related service                                                                             7.66                     –


     Total PM Emissions                                                                                          10.72                   2.76




     1     No relevant data for the vehicle usage in office during the Reporting Period.
     2     The air emissions data for the last reporting period has been restated based on the data that made available.
     3     As environmental-related service is the newly acquired business of the Group during the Reporting Period, thus there were no relevant
           data in the previous reporting periods.


52   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


GHG Emissions
GHG generated from human activities is one of the significant drivers of global warming which affect the lives of
the present and future generation. Therefore, the Group is highly concerned about the importance of monitoring
and mitigating the GHG emissions in our operations.


During the Reporting Period, the total GHG emissions and its intensity were approximately 210.88 tonnes
CO2-equivalent (“tonnes CO2-e”) and 0.53 tonnes CO2-e per million HK$ revenue respectively, which decreased
by 39% and 10% respectively, as compared to the last reporting period. The decrease in total GHG emissions was
attributable to the significant decrease in electricity consumption in the construction projects and less generator
usage on sites during the Reporting Period, as the job nature of the construction projects in 2022/2023 required
less electricity and generator usage when compared to the last reporting period, which contributed to lower
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions.


Our Group has implemented an array of measures in mitigating the GHG emissions, including but not limited to
the following:


•    Encouraging colleagues to switch to electric vehicles (“EV”) instead of traditional gasoline or diesel vehicles
     and installed EV-charging stations at our workplace;


•    Promoting the use of battery energy storage system, which is a more environmentally friendly energy
     storage system that adopts EV battery recycling technology, to replace the use of conventional diesel
     generator at construction sites;


•    Performing periodic maintenance of our vehicles to reduce pollution and emission;


•    Replacing old retired vehicles with low-emission vehicles where applicable;


•    Switching off all electronic equipment/mobile machineries when they are not in operation;


•    Using more energy-efficient lighting products, such as LED lighting;


•    Conducting proper and regular maintenance of equipment to keep their efficiency and reduce energy
     consumption; and


•    Maintaining indoor temperature at 24 degrees Celsius or above to reduce unnecessary use of energy.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Going forward, we have set a target to reduce GHG emissions intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year
     ended 31 March 2023 before 2035. The Group will continue improving its GHG emissions reduction measures and
     disclose relevant results where appropriate.


                                                                                                          2022/20234              2021/20225
     GHG Emissions      3
                                                                                                        tonnes CO2-e          tonnes CO2-e


     Scope 16
         – Office                                                                                                       –                     –
         – Construction Project                                                                                   78.82                113.06
         – Environmental-related service                                                                          17.04                       –


     Scope 1 Total                                                                                                95.86                113.06


     Scope 27
         – Office                                                                                                 28.79                 18.62
         – Construction Project                                                                                   65.52                215.53
         – Environmental-related service                                                                          20.71                       –


     Scope 2 Total                                                                                              115.02                 234.15


     Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2-e )                                                                        210.88                 347.21
     GHG Emissions Intensity (tonnes CO2-e per million HK$ revenue)                                                 0.53                  0.59




     4      No relevant data for Scope 1 GHG emissions generated by the office during the Reporting Period.
     5      The Scope 1 GHG emissions data for the last reporting period has been restated based on the data that made available.
     6      Scope 1: The direct emissions from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emissions from the Group’s
            fossil fuel combustion.
     7      Scope 2: The “indirect energy” emissions from the internal purchased electricity consumption by the Group.


54   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s GHG inventory principally comprise of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions,
with Scope 2 contributed slightly more than Scope 1.

                                     GHG Emissions by Scope in tonnes CO2-e



                                    95.86              115.02

              2022/2023




                                    113.06                              234.15

              2021/20225



                        0           50        100        150      200       250      300       350       400

                                               Scope 1                  Scope 2


Considering the source of GHG emissions, emissions from the construction projects account for about 68% of the
total GHG emissions during the Reporting Period.

                                     GHG Emissions by Source in tonnes CO2-e


                            28.79            144.34             37.75

              2022/2023




                            18.62                          328.59

              2021/20225



                        0           50        100        150      200       250      300       350       400

                           Office           Construction projects         Environmental‐related services


Hazardous and Non-hazardous Wastes Management
The Group’s waste is mainly generated from construction projects, which are non-hazardous construction wastes,
and the Group’s operations did not generate material hazardous waste during the Reporting Period. The Group
acknowledges possible environmental impacts of waste generated during the course of its operations such as site
clearance, excavation works, and construction and fitting out works. The Group strives to mitigate environmental
impacts by adopting the right waste management strategy, prioritising avoidance and minimisation of waste
generation, reuse of materials, recovery and recycling. We strictly abide by the Waste Disposal (Charges for
Disposal of Construction Waste) Regulation for handling any construction wastes from projects.

                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     In accordance with the Construction Waste Management Plan of BEAM Plus requirement, a waste management
     system was in place to guide proper sorting, recycling and disposal of construction materials. Measures are
     implemented for the construction projects, such as placing recycling bins to collect recyclable wastes as well as
     recycling and reusing construction materials when applicable. We maintain proper records of waste materials with
     routine inspection and reporting systems. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of a significant
     number of hazardous wastes generated in the sites of operation and the office.


     The non-hazardous waste production was approximately 2,344 tonnes and its intensity was 5.85 tonnes per million
     HK$ revenue during the Reporting Period, recorded a 12% decrease and 30% increase respectively, as compared
     to the last reporting period. Although the non-hazardous waste level slightly decreased, it decreased by a
     proportion less than the decrease in the revenue. Thus, the intensity of non-hazardous waste produced increased.


     Despite the fact that the nature of construction projects may differ every year, the data could hardly be compared
     directly. The Group still strive to reduce waste intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March
     2023 before 2035. The Group will continue improving its waste reduction measures and disclose relevant results
     where appropriate.


                                                                                         2022/2023         2021/2022
     Waste                                                                                   Tonnes           Tonnes


     Hazardous wastes                                                                               –               –
     Non-hazardous wastes                                                                      2,344            2,656


     Total Waste Produced                                                                      2,344            2,656
     Intensity (tonnes per million HK$ revenue)                                                 5.85             4.49



     Effluents
     As the sites of operation involve the generation of construction runoff and sewage, the Group takes appropriate
     measures to avoid contamination and blockage of public drains and sewers in accordance with the Sewage
     Services Ordinance. The wastewater treatment system is established to remove suspended solids contained in
     concrete washings and site runoff. Inspection and maintenance of the system are conducted regularly. In
     addition, water consumption is minimised through utilising site runoff for dust suppression.


     Use of Resources
     The major use of resources of the Group includes energy, water and other construction material. Resource-saving
     is recognised as one of the key considerations in operations as stated in the Environmental Policy.




56   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Energy
During the Reporting Period, the types of energy used by the Group comprise diesel, petrol and electricity,
similar to the last reporting period. The total energy consumption was approximately 620 megawatt-hours (MWh)
during the Reporting Period, recorded a decrease of 32%, as compared to the last reporting period. The
decrease in the total energy consumption was mainly attributable to the significant decrease in both direct (i.e.
diesel consumption) and indirect energy consumption (i.e. electricity) for the construction projects. The decrease
in both diesel consumption by generator and machinery and electricity consumption were due to the difference
of job nature of construction projects conducted by the Group in 2022/23 and 2021/22. During the Reporting
Period, the energy consumption intensity was 1.55 MWh per million HK$ revenue, recorded an increase of 1%, as
compared to the last reporting period. Although the energy consumption level decreased, it decreased by a
proportion less than the decrease in the revenue. Thus, the intensity of energy consumption increased.


We have set a target to reduce the energy consumption intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended
31 March 2023 before 2035. As abovementioned, the Group has implemented an array of measures in reducing
energy consumption. For details of the energy consumption reduction measures, please refer to the section
headed “GHG Emissions” in this ESG Report. Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record
energy consumption, enhance related data collection systems and develop targets and reduction plans when
appropriate.


                                                                                                         2022/20238                 2021/20229
Energy Consumption3                                                                                              MWh                     MWh


Direct Energy Consumption10
     – Office                                                                                                          –                    –
     – Construction Project                                                                                    319.35                   459.98
     – Environmental-related service                                                                             67.45                      –


Total direct energy consumption                                                                                386.80                   459.98


Indirect Energy Consumption11
     – Office                                                                                                    56.48                   50.34
     – Construction Project                                                                                    123.96                   396.18
     – Environmental-related service                                                                             53.10                      –


Total indirect energy consumption                                                                              233.54                   446.52


Total Energy Consumption                                                                                       620.34                   906.50
Intensity (MWh per million HK$ revenue)                                                                           1.55                    1.53




8       No relevant data for direct energy consumption in the office during the Reporting Period.
9       The direct energy consumption data for the last reporting period has been restated based on the data that made available.
10      Direct energy consumption includes the energy consumption from the fossil fuel consumption, including diesel and petrol.
11      Indirect energy consumption includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.


                                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023       57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Water
     The water resource is also realised as a precious resource. In order to reduce the use of freshwater, the Group
     encourages the reuse and recycling of water in sites of construction projects, for example, the sewage is reused
     for dust suppression. Also, water-saving measures have been implemented in the office, for example, water
     wastage phenomenon is prohibited, water leakage, breakage or other potential damage of water pipes are
     regularly inspected and identified and water-saving education and ideas of water-saving are continuously
     promoted among our employees. The Group does not consume other natural water resources such as surface
     water or underground water. Water was supplied by third parties, therefore, there was no issue in sourcing water.


     The Group are committed to achieve water conservation under the principal of saving, purifying and recycling:


     •     Any water wastage phenomenon is prohibited;
     •     Water used for washing hand or fruit is used to flush the toilet;
     •     Any water leakage, breakage or other potential damage of water pipes are regularly inspected and
           identified;
     •     Meter reading is checked constantly for revealing any hidden leakage phenomena;
     •     Water-saving education and ideas of water-saving are continuously promoted among our employees.


     During the Reporting Period, the total water consumption and its intensity were approximately 6,747 m3 and 16.83
     m3 per million HK$ revenue respectively, representing decreases of 7% and increase of 37% compared with the
     last reporting period. Although the water consumption level slightly decreased, it decreased by a proportion less
     than the decrease in the revenue. Thus, the intensity of water consumed increased. We have set a reduction
     target to reduce water consumption by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March 2023 before 2035.
     Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record water consumption, enhance related data
     collection systems and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


                                                                                                             2022/2023               2021/2022
     Water Consumption12                                                                                                m³                     m³


     Total water consumption                                                                                        6,747                  7,275
     Intensity (m³ per million HK$ revenue)                                                                         16.83                  12.29




     12    It includes the water consumption in the business of construction projects and environmental-related service only. For the water usage in
           office, relevant water consumption fees are included in the rental fees, therefore the figures disclosed have excluded the water
           consumption in office.


58   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Construction Material
We were aware that the construction sector is a major consumer of timber from rainforests. The Group strived to
create an environmentally friendly corporate image through sustainable timber sourcing. Aligned with the BEAM
Plus requirement, virgin forest products are not used for temporary works during construction. All timber used for
the projects were in compliance with Forest Stewardship Council standards or certified by the American Forest
and Paper Association before being purchased or recycled from other sites. We employed such an approach to
better conserve valuable forests and habitats.


Packaging Material
As the Group’s operations mainly focus on the provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service and
reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service, no packaging material consumption can be
identified during the Reporting Period.


The Environment and Natural Resources
As established in its Environmental Policy and Integrated Management System (IMS) Policy, the Group strives to
mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s operation does make
an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group implements a range of
measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with applicable
environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which balances the
need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving the
utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
environment and natural resources. The details of measures are illustrated in the sections headed “Emissions”,
“Air Emissions”, “GHG Emissions” and “Use of Resources”.


Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry codes of practice such
as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.


Climate change
The climate has been changing gradually over the last decades and the situation continues to deteriorate. We
experienced extreme weather, such as strong winds and heavy rainfall, as well as tides and floods more
frequently. This is due to human attitudes, habits and the rapid development of society, which is overly
dependent on high carbon consumption. In the long run, it is expected that the earth’s resources will be
exhausted. Therefore, countries around the world are discussing measures to address this issue. According to the
Paris Agreement, which was finalised at the global conference in 2016, governments and corporate groups are
required to achieve “net-zero” carbon emissions by 2050.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Our Group has set a business sustainability vision for 2035 to contribute to a healthy and sustainable
     environment. The Group has considered the potential climate-related risks and opportunities in respect of the
     recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, in which potential physical risks and
     transition risks from climate change may pose adverse financial impacts on the Group’s businesses. Acute
     physical risk can arise from extreme weather conditions such as flooding and storms and chronic physical risk can
     arise from sustained elevated temperature, while transition risk may result from a change in environmental-related
     regulations, emerging technology or shift in customer preferences.


     We are committed to complying with all relevant laws, regulations and requirements, and do our best to achieve
     the industry’s climate mitigation and climate change adaptation targets; to increase resources to strengthen the
     ability to cope with the nature of existing or future climate change and the impact of natural hazards; to increase
     employee awareness of climate change, training, outreach and education to enhance employee knowledge of
     climate change and to facilitate the pace of carbon neutrality. The Group has set a vision to reduce the intensity
     of the use of carbon-related energy sources by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March 2023 before
     2035, in line with environmental targets.


     Our Group strives to enhance data matching measures to reduce high gas emissions and energy consumption in
     the construction process, relevant departments are required to select low-carbon but energy-efficient materials
     and products in the procurement process, and strengthen cooperation with companies that comply with relevant
     legislation and fulfill and practice supply chain responsibility to achieve the target. We would regularly assess the
     risk of climate change with reference to relevant international and local certification standards and update
     corresponding measures, regularly identify and assess the probability of climate induced or exacerbated social
     crises, earth data, and countermeasures to achieve effective hazard mitigation, also to maintain and strengthen
     communication and partnership with government, industry leaders and policy makers to develop construction
     policies, approaches and innovations to move towards low carbon economy.


     The newly acquired business of environmental-related service by the Group may potentially provide
     climate-related opportunities to the Group. The environmental-related service business might be conducive for
     the Group to develop and/or expand to low emission goods and services, which could bring positive impacts to
     Group such as increase revenue through demand for sustainable services and reputational benefits resulting in
     increased demand for the services.




60   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The potential climate-related risks and opportunities in respect of the recommendations of the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures are summarised below:


                                                               Short       Medium        Long
                                                               (current    (one to       (four to
                                      Potential                Reporting   three         ten          Mitigation
 Risk Type     Risks                  Financial Impact         Period)     years)        years)       Strategy

 Physical      • Extreme weather      • Reduced revenue        √           √                          • Establish adverse
 Risks           conditions such as     from business due                                               weather condition
                 flooding and           to business and                                                 policy
                 typhoon                supply chain
                                        disruptions                                                   • Maintain or expand the
                                                                                                        supplier base to avoid
                                      • Serious damage to                                               disruption
                                        assets, such as
                                        those on sites or in
                                        the buildings

               • Sustained            • Increased in                                     √            • Adopt energy
                 elevated               business operating                                              conservation measures
                 temperature            costs                                                           to avoid
                                                                                                        overconsumption of
                                                                                                        natural resources


                                                                                                      • Select low-carbon but
                                                                                                        energy-efficient
                                                                                                        materials and products
                                                                                                        in the procurement
                                                                                                        process

 Transition    • Changes in           • Higher operating                   √             √            • Adopt energy
 Risks           environmental-         costs to comply                                                 conservation measures
                 related                with more                                                       to reduce emissions
                 regulations            stringent
                                        regulations                                                   • Continue to monitor
                                                                                                        the regulatory
                                                                                                        environment to ensure
                                                                                                        that the Group
                                                                                                        complied with the
                                                                                                        environmental-
                                                                                                         related law and
                                                                                                         regulation




                                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                   Short       Medium    Long
                                                                   (current    (one to   (four to
                                            Potential              Reporting   three     ten        Mitigation
      Risk Type       Risks                 Financial Impact       Period)     years)    years)     Strategy

      Transition      • Emerging            • Higher operating                 √         √          • Encourages our
      Risks             technologies          costs to adopt new                                      employees to attend
                                              practices or                                            conferences and/or
                                              technologies                                            training to keep it
                                                                                                      abreast with the latest
                                                                                                      developments of
                                                                                                      technologies in
                                                                                                      construction and
                                                                                                      environmental-
                                                                                                       related service

                      • Shift in consumer   • Reduced demand                             √          • Adhere to the Group’s
                        preference to         for construction                                        sustainable
                        products and          and                                                     development concept,
                        services              environmental-                                          and adapt
                        incorporating         related services,                                       environmentally-
                        more                  decreased                                               friendly concept into its
                        environmentally-      competitiveness                                         operations, and
                        friendly concept      and create adverse                                      commit to produce
                                              impact on                                               high-quality services
                                              revenues                                                and related products
                                                                                                      to meet the
                                                                                                      expectations of
                                                                                                      consumers and the
                                                                                                      market




62   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                 Short       Medium        Long
                                                                 (current    (one to       (four to
 Opportunity                          Potential                  Reporting   three         ten          Realization
 Type           Opportunities         Financial Impact           Period)     years)        years)       Strategy

 Products and   Development and/or    • Increased revenue                    √             √            • Continue to research
 Services          expansion of low     through demand                                                    and develop the quality
                   emission goods       for sustainable                                                   of sustainable energy
                   and services         products and                                                      products and services
                                        services                                                          to further expand the
                                                                                                          market and increase
                                      • Increased capital                                                 demand
                                        availability (e.g., as
                                        more investors
                                        favor
                                        lower-emissions
                                        producers)


                                      • Reputational
                                        benefits resulting
                                        in increased
                                        demand for
                                        goods/services


SUBJECT AREA B: SOCIAL

Employment and Labour Practices
Employment
The Group believes that employees are the most important asset of the company. As the business grows, the
Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talent. The Group strictly abides by the
Employment Ordinance, Employments’ Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Construction
Workers Registration Ordinance and Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. A breach of these
ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. Employees can report
any suspected violations of laws and regulations related to employment and labour practices through an email
address which was established to handle complaints and potential non-compliance cases. It can only be accessed
by top management and board members. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any
non-compliance case in this regard. The Group has established Human Resources Management Policy and other
related guidelines, which set out the details on remuneration, dismissal, recruitment, promotion, working hours,
rest periods, diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination.




                                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Remuneration and dismissal
     To attract and retain talent, the Group provides a competitive remuneration package to employees including
     salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group determines employee salaries based on each
     employee’s qualifications, position and seniority. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the
     performance of employees, which forms the basis of decisions with respect to salary raises, bonuses and
     promotions. For voluntary resignation, an exit interview is conducted with the resigned employee so the Group
     would understand the reason and continue to improve human resource management.


     Recruitment and promotion
     The Group recruits talent in a fair, impartial and open manner, with reference to factors such as employees’
     experience, qualifications and expertise required for the business operations. The Group endeavours to use its
     best effort to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group assesses the
     available human resources on a continuous basis and will determine whether additional personnel are required to
     cope with the business development of the Group.


     The Group recognises the importance of the development and growth of employees. The promotion of
     employees is based on performance appraisals. On a regular basis, performance appraisal is conducted between
     the management of employees, evaluating employees’ performance regarding work attitude, technical skills,
     interpersonal skills etc.


     Working hours and rest periods
     The Group is dedicated to providing reasonable working hours and rest periods to employees. All employees are
     entitled to General Holidays as announced in the Hong Kong SAR Government Gazette each year. In addition to
     General Holidays, employees are entitled to annual leave, maternity leave, sick leave and compassionate leave.


     Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination
     The Group is committed to ensuring that the work environment it provides is free from harassment, discrimination
     and any behaviour that damage to productivity. The management of each department is responsible for
     formulating and implementing the Group’s working environment policy, which contains the standards in this
     regard.


     Employee benefits and welfare
     According to the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, the Group provides various benefits and welfare
     to the employees. The Group participates in the defined contribution scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance which is available to its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions
     to the MPF Scheme by the Group and employees are made based on a percentage of employees’ basic salaries.
     The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed to the MPF Scheme. The
     Group also provides medical insurance, compensation insurance and monetary awards, such as discretionary
     bonuses, to employees.




64   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Workforce13
As at 31 March                                                                                           2022/2023          2021/2022


By Gender
     – Male                                                                                                           36            48
     – Female                                                                                                         15            24


By Age Group
     – Below 30                                                                                                        5            10
     – 30 – 50                                                                                                        35            25
     – Above 50                                                                                                       11            37


By Employee Type
     – Full Time                                                                                                      50            72
     – Part Time                                                                                                       1              0


By Geographical Region
     – Hong Kong                                                                                                      51            72


Total                                                                                                                 51            72




Employee Turnover Rate (%)13
As at 31 March                                                                                           2022/2023          2021/2022


By Gender
     – Male                                                                                                           47            25
     – Female                                                                                                         87            38


By Age Group
     – Below 30                                                                                                       80            50
     – 30 – 50                                                                                                        17            40
     – Above 50                                                                                                   182               16


By Geographical Region
     – Hong Kong                                                                                                      59            29


Overall                                                                                                               59            29




13      The employment statistics includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.


                                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Health and Safety
     The Group has stated in its Safety and Health Policy Statement its commitment to creating a health and safety
     working environment for its employees and subcontractors. The Group has adopted an occupational health and
     safety management system in accordance with the requirement of ISO 45001:2018 accreditation and has in place
     various policies and procedures to maintain health and safety in the workplace.


     Safety Organisation
     The Group has established a Company Safety Management Committee and Site Safety Committee with clearly
     defined responsibilities. The former is responsible for developing, reviewing and revising the Group’s Safety and
     Health Policy and regularly monitoring the proper implementation of a safety management system. The latter
     provides and improves safety at work on-site and shall be able to participate in the making and monitoring of
     arrangements for safety at the workplace.


     Health and Safety Measures
     In order to provide a safe and healthy working environment for our employees and subcontractors and to ensure
     compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong. For construction projects, a safety plan is
     implemented at the commencement and during the implementation period of each project and conduct a hazard
     analysis. The safety officer conducts site visits regularly to ensure the workers have taken all necessary safety
     precaution measures. Some key measures are implemented in the sites of operations of construction projects and
     environmental-related services business as follows:


     –     All new workers receive the required personal protective equipment;


     –     All new workers must attend introduction training prior to works commencement;


     –     Contractors with the best safety performance are nominated monthly;


     –     Safety Notices will be posted in the conspicuous place and a safety promotion luncheon is organised on a
           regular basis to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and workers;


     –     The Safety Model Worker Award Scheme has been established to raise the safety awareness of employees;


     –     Establish fire emergency plan and fire drill is organised for dry seasons; and


     –     Formulate safety policies in operating equipment and machines.


     During the Reporting Period, in recognition of our emphasis on work safety, the Group was awarded
     “Occupational Safety and Health Star Enterprise” and “Outstanding Safety Performance Award” by the
     Occupational Safety and Health Council.




66   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Monitoring System
Regular meetings are held for directors, safety officers and site supervisors to share the latest information and
good practices with respect to safety. In the event of the occurrence of incidents and near misses, prompt
corrections will be taken by following the emergency preparedness and response procedure. A follow-up
investigation will be carried out to find out the root causes of the case(s) and prevent the re-occurrence of the
similar case(s). Apart from routine safety inspections, regular safety walks by senior management and
Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) audits are conducted on all construction sites to verify the sufficiency and
effectiveness of safety control measures.


Safety Training
The Group recognises safety training as one of the important elements in preventing workplace injuries.
Therefore, the Group will identify the safety training needs of workers and employees, and safety training courses
will be provided by external training bodies (such as the Construction Industry Council) to workers and
employees. Training courses include but are not limited to:


        Course Category                          Description                                 Audience

                                    Improve safety management                 Senior project manager and site
 Safety Management Course
                                    technique                                 agent

                                    Provide the assessor with                 Risk assessment team members
                                    techniques of risk assessment to
 Risk Assessment Course
                                    assist the preparing safe systems of
                                    work and good safety practices

                                    Improve their safety supervision and      Front line supervisory staff (e.g. Site
 Safety Supervisor Course
                                    accident prevention technique             agent, foreman etc.)

                                    Enrich the basic safety knowledge of      All workers
 Basic Safety Training Course
                                    workers

                                    Introduce the site condition and          All new employees
 Safety Induction Course
                                    safety arrangement of the company

                                    Focus on relevant hazards of              All workers
                                    different works such as site
                                    formation and metal works, to
 Trade Training
                                    provide safety knowledge to the
                                    workers when working in high-risk
                                    activities

                                    Educate employees on risks and            All workers
 Toolbox Talk                       precautions relating to their roles in
                                    the sites of operations




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong relating to providing a safe
     working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardous, including but not limited to the
     Occupational Safety Ordinance, Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance, and follows the Codes of
     Practice and Guidance Notes published by the Labour Department and relevant guidelines published by the
     Construction Industry Council. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including
     fine and imprisonment.


     The Group’s safety department has made an effort in enhancing employees’ and site workers’ safety awareness
     and reduce the frequency of occurrence of such incidents, for example, increased the frequency of inspection
     and prepared safety inspection reports accordingly. The Group will continue to review the existing occupational
     health and safety management system and elevate the safety awareness of the employees. Our safety
     performance is as follows:


     Safety Performance
     As at 31 March                                                                     2022/202314               2021/2022              2020/2021


     Fatality
          • Number of fatalities                                                                       0                      0                     0


     Lost Days
          • Number of working days lost due to injuries                                             648                    399                      0


     Accident Cases
          • Number of reported injuries (reportable cases)                                             4                      9                     0



     Response to COVID-19 Pandemic
     The challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic are unprecedented. To reduce the risk of infection and the
     spread of the virus in the workplace, we have adopted the following measures during the Reporting Period:


     –       Implemented special work arrangements, departments can exercise flexibility in making “working from
             home” and/or roster arrangements


     –       Purchased insurance with additional coverage for our employees


     –       Ensured sufficient stocks of disinfecting and cleaning supplies and surgical masks


     The Group will closely monitor and continue to assess the development of the COVID-19 outbreak, and regularly
     reviews the relevant countermeasures in accordance with the local government regulations to ensure the
     effectiveness of the measures.




     14      One of the reported injuries was occurred in the last reporting period, and the said injury case has spanned from the last reporting period
             to the Reporting Period.


68   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Development and Training
The Group respects the people-oriented principle and regards the employee as the utmost important asset.
Attaching importance to cultivating and developing talents are the drivers for the continuous improvement of the
Group and the key to the success of its future business.


The Group provides various types of training to employees and sponsors them to attend various training courses,
including those on occupational health and safety in relation to construction work and environmental related
services. Such training courses include internal training as well as courses organised by external parties such as
the Construction Industry Council and the Occupational Safety and Health Council.


Training highlights in the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, the Group had 18% of the total number of employees received training and they
received 46 hours of training. The percentage of employees receiving training for the years ended 31 March are
as follows:


Percentage of employees receiving training                                                           2022/202315 16              2021/2022
                                                                                                                     %                      %


By Gender
     – Male                                                                                                          44                    27
     – Female                                                                                                        56                    13


By Employee Category
     – Senior Management or above                                                                                    22                    60
     – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                              11                    22
     – General Staff                                                                                                 67                    39


Overall                                                                                                              18                    22




15      The training data for the Reporting Period is disclosed in accordance with the “Appendix 3: Reporting Guidance on Social KPIs” issued by
        the Stock Exchange, which was different from the method adopted in the previous reporting period.
16      The training data for the Reporting Period includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.

                                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023         69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The corresponding average training hours per employee for the year ended 31 March are as follows:


     Average training hours                                                             2022/202315 16          2021/2022
                                                                                                hours/             hours/
                                                                                             employee           employee


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                   0.57             11.09
          – Female                                                                                 1.63              6.27
     By Employee Category
          – Senior Management or above                                                             1.60             23.90
          – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                       0.19             10.86
          – General Staff                                                                          1.52             16.00


     Overall                                                                                       0.90              9.49



     Labour Standards
     The Group prohibits the employment of child labour, forced labour and illegal labour as stipulated in its
     Employee Handbook. The Group considers the risk for incidents of child or forced labour in terms of our business
     activities and operating locations to be not significant. The Group has implemented the following measures to
     prevent child labour or illegal immigrants/workers during recruitment:


     1.      Human resources and administrative officers inspect and take a copy of the original of his/her Hong Kong
             identity card and/or other documentary evidence showing that he/she is lawfully employable in Hong Kong.


     2.      The subcontracting agreement contains a clause whereby subcontractors are required to hire only persons
             who are lawfully employable to work on-site and to prevent any illegal worker to enter the site.


     3.      Foremen are responsible for inspecting the personal identification document of each worker and shall
             refuse any person who does not possess proper personal identification documents from entering the site.


     The Group strictly abides by the Employment Ordinance and section 38A of the Immigration Ordinance. A breach
     of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. If violations of
     laws and regulations such as child labour and forced labour are found, the Group will take countermeasures
     timely in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and will stringently follow up on these violations, such as
     immediately terminate the contract, ascertain the causes of such irregular employment and accountabilities of
     relevant staff to eliminate such practices. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any
     non-compliance case relating to child labour, forced labour and illegal immigrant labour.




70   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Operating Practices
Supply Chain Management
The Group places emphasis on its supply chain management. In addition to improving cost competitiveness, the
Group also values the sustainability of its supply chain. The Group supports the purchase of
environmentally-friendly products to minimise the environmental impact caused by its business operations. Also,
the Group would consider the awareness of occupational health and safety during the supplier selection. During
the Reporting Period, the Group has a total of 228 (2021/2022: 237) suppliers and subcontractors and all of them
are located in Hong Kong.


Procurement practices
As stated in the Code of Conduct, it is necessary to be objective, fair and ethical when purchasing materials or
services. Procurement decisions should be made according to price, quality, delivery capacity, service reputation
and integrity, etc.


The Group’s Material Supplier/Subcontractor Management Policy outlines our general procurement procedure
for material suppliers and subcontractors. To manage the environmental and social risks of our supply chain, we
conduct assessments on our supplier and subcontractors based on their environmental and social performance.
The details of the practices are as follows.


The Group maintains an approved list of material suppliers or subcontractors, which are selected based on their
experience, qualifications, quality of work, reputation in the industry, capability, price competitiveness,
credit-worthiness and their safety and environmental records. Suppliers with more environmentally friendly
practices and high-quality standards would be more favorable. Furthermore, in some projects, certain works
which required specific skill sets including curtain wall installation, lifts and escalators installation and electrical
and mechanical works, required to be carried out by the subcontractors nominated by customers.


The approved list will be reviewed and updated from time to time according to the performance of suppliers and
subcontractors. To evaluate the performance of all suppliers and subcontractors, we conduct suppliers and
subcontractors performance evaluations regularly based on a list of criteria. If the supplier or subcontractor is
considered unqualified upon the evaluation, it will be removed from the approved list.


Subcontractor management for construction projects
In order to closely monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to ensure that the subcontractors comply
with the contractual requirements and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group requires subcontractors to
follow its internal control measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental compliance.


During project implementation, the project team regularly meets with subcontractors and closely monitors their
performance and work progress as well as their compliance with the Group’s safety measures and quality
standards.




                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     For further information regarding the Group’s measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental
     compliance of subcontractors, please refer to the sections headed “Product Responsibility”, “Health and Safety”
     and “Environmental Aspect”.


     In addition, depending on agreements with subcontractors, the Group may hold up a certain percentage of each
     interim payment made to our subcontractors as retention money, such that if the subcontractors fail to deliver the
     works or rectify any defects in a timely manner, any expenses or losses induced can be deducted from the
     retention money held from our subcontractors.


     Product Responsibility
     The Group has established Quality Policy and various internal control procedures, showing the Group’s
     commitment regarding the safety and quality management of its projects and services and the protection of
     customer’s privacy.


     Quality Management of construction projects
     Quality management is the key to maintain the safety of our projects and services. To maintain consistent quality
     and safety of services for customers, the Group has established a formal quality management system which is
     certified to be in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015. The Group has in-house quality assurance
     requirements that conform to the ISO 9001:2015 quality standards specifying, among other things, specific work
     procedures for performing different types of site works, management process, responsibilities of personnel of
     different levels, tendering process, cost control, project planning, project management and supervision, quality
     inspection procedures and standards, subcontracting requirements and accident reporting and complaints.
     Workers and subcontractors are required to follow such procedures.


     Quality control of construction projects
     The Group’s quality management system is contained in its project quality plan which sets out the steps to be
     carried out throughout the building works process from the pre-construction stage to the maintenance stage.


     To ensure that the works meet the required standard,


     1.    A full-time foreman is assigned at each of the construction sites as the first line of monitoring the quality of
           work done by the Group’s own staff or subcontractors.


     2.    Project manager visits the construction sites to monitor the work quality, and the progress of work and
           ensures that works are completed according to schedule.




72   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   The Group’s Executive Directors, who closely monitor the progress of each project, communicate with the
     project management teams closely and discuss issues identified, to ensure the building works:


     •     meet customers’ requirements


     •     are completed within the time stipulated in the contract and the budget allocated for the project


     •     comply with all relevant codes and regulations applicable to the works


Quality control of materials
The quality of purchased materials is closely monitored. To ensure the quality of supplies, prior to ordering,
quantity surveyors will ensure that the materials are sourced from approved suppliers to ensure the overall quality
of supplies.


Upon the arrival of the ordered materials, all materials are sent directly to the relevant work sites for inspection by
foremen before utilisation. During the inspection, the designated personnel will check (i) whether the quantity is
correct; and (ii) whether there are any observable defects. Any defective materials or materials that fall short of
the product specifications would be returned to the suppliers for replacement. Customers would also inspect the
materials used by us at project sites and verify the specifications from time to time.


Quality Management of environmental-related services
The Group is concerned with the quality and safety of the environmental-related service and hence quality
management has been carried out. To maintain consistent quality and safety of services for customers, the Group
has established a formal quality management system which is certified to be in compliance with the requirements
of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001, and was awarded the qualifications such as the disposal license for REE
(i.e. regulated electrical equipment, including washing machines, televisions, computers, printers, scanners and
monitors), the Chemical Waste Disposal License and the Chemical Waste Transportation and Export License by
the Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong, which allow the Group to provide one-stop waste
management.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Customer satisfaction
     The Group is committed to providing efficient and cordial services, always ensuring satisfactory customer
     satisfaction. We provide customers with information including price, business capabilities and product
     characteristics that are clear and authentic. No misstatement or exaggeration for our product and services.


     As stipulated in the IMS manual, the Group monitors the quality performance of its businesses based on the
     customers’ feedback. The Group is committed to understanding the views and opinions towards products and
     services through close communication with customers and proper maintenance of the related records. We collect
     customers’ feedback through a customer satisfaction survey. The feedbacks serve as a valuable reference for our
     future improvements. During the Reporting Period, no material products and service-related complaints were
     received.


     Intellectual Property Protection
     The Group attaches great importance to technological innovation and application. The Group’s Code of Conduct
     stated explicitly that new ideas and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
     special rights and trade secrets, are all valuable assets of the Group and must be protected. All employees are
     responsible for protecting the intellectual property rights of the Group and others. Copying of any part of
     third-party software is prohibited unless it is an authorised copy, or its license explicitly permits copying.
     Downloading and installation of unauthorised software are not allowed. Employees are required to inform the
     management immediately if any cases of infringement of the intellectual property of the Group.


     Advertising and Labelling
     The Group does not involve in product packaging and labelling activities. Besides, the Group does not rely
     heavily on marketing and advertising. The Group does not aware of any significant impact relating to advertising
     and labelling on its operations.


     Customer Data Protection and Privacy
     The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. The Group strives to
     protect the privacy of its customers, business partners and staff in the collection, processing and use of their
     business or personal data. The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance on the handling of confidential
     information. Moreover, our employees are given limited access to the company database depending on their job
     positions. Employees are strictly prohibited from modifying their computers without formal approval from the
     management.


     The Group strictly follows the laws and regulations relating to product responsibility, such as the Personal Data
     (Privacy) Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
     imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.




74   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Anti-corruption
Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to defend. The
Group’s Code of Conduct sets out the employee’s conduct in dealing with problems related to acceptance of
advantages and conflicts of interest.


Other than the internal anti-bribery and corruption guidelines as stipulated in the Code of Conduct, the Group
has whistleblowing policy in place as a communication channel for employees to report concerns relating to
ethical business or personal conduct, accounting and financial matters, integrity and professionalism, or
allegations of retaliation for having reported matters in good faith. Employees are welcome to send his/her
concerns to the Company Secretary via email or by post anonymously. A full investigation will then be conducted
by the Audit Committee in a confidential, disciplinary action will be applied to the employee involved upon
confirmation of the occurrence, and further legal action may be taken depending on the nature and particular
circumstances of each case. The Group offers induction training to new employee which includes training in
relation to basic employee ethics, such as anti-corruption. The Group will closely monitor the regulatory
development and will arrange relevant anti-corruption training for our employees and directors, where necessary.
The Group has also implemented appropriate and effective internal controls at different business processes to
prevent and detect fraudulent activities.


The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
in Hong Kong, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
Financing Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case or related
corruption litigation case in this regard.


Community
Community Investment
The Group is committed to maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. The Group’s
Community Investment Policy establishes a framework and guidelines for community investment, sponsorship and
donation activities, and is expected to contribute to community wellness.


The Group aims to develop long-term relations with stakeholders based on mutual trust, respect and integrity.
The Group also seeks to make contributions to programs which have a positive impact on community
development. Employees are encouraged to volunteer, and work through collaboration with strategic giving as
well as capacity-building initiatives to try and create a positive impact in the community.


The Group mainly focuses on the contribution in the area of education and community. During the Reporting
Period, the Group donated HK$64,600. Beneficiary organisation includes as follows:


•    Twinklestars, which is an organisation that aims at providing financial support to the needed students for
     their tertiary education in Mainland China.


•    Community Synergy for Rehabilitation Association, which is an organisation that aims at helping
     rehabilitators to reintegrate into society.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   75
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX

     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                    Reference Section/Statement


     General Disclosure          Information on:
                                 (a)     the policies; and                                     Emissions


                                 (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                         that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                 relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions,
                                 discharges into water and land, and generation of
                                 hazardous and non-hazardous waste.


     KPI A1.1                    The types of emissions and respective emissions               Air Emissions
                                 data.


     KPI A1.2                    Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2)                GHG Emissions
                                 greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where
                                 appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                                 volume, per facility).


     KPI A1.3                    Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,               Hazardous and
                                 where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of                  Non-hazardous Wastes
                                 production volume, per facility).                               Management


     KPI A1.4                    Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)                Hazardous and
                                 and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of             Non-hazardous Wastes
                                 production volume, per facility).                               Management


     KPI A1.5                    Description of emissions target(s) set and steps              GHG Emissions
                                 taken to achieve them.


     KPI A1.6                    Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous                Hazardous and
                                 wastes are handled, and a description of reduction              Non-hazardous Wastes
                                 target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.                  Management


     General Disclosure          Policies on the efficient use of resources, including         Use of Resources
                                 energy, water and other raw materials.


     KPI A2.1                    Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type             Use of Resources
                                 (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and
                                 intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per
                                 facility).



76   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                            Reference Section/Statement


KPI A2.2              Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per           Use of Resources
                      unit of production volume, per facility).


KPI A2.3              Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set           Use of Resources
                      and steps taken to achieve them.


KPI A2.4              Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing        Use of Resources
                      water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency
                      target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.


KPI A2.5              Total packaging material used for finished products          Not material: Not relevant to
                      (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per           the Group’s business
                      unit produced.


General Disclosure    Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impact       The Environment and Natural
                      on the environment and natural resources.                       Resources


KPI A3.1              Description of the significant impacts of activities         The Environment and Natural
                      on the environment and natural resources and the                Resources
                      actions taken to manage them.


General Disclosure    Policies on identification and mitigation of                 Climate Change
                      significant climate-related issues which have
                      impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.


KPI A4.1              Description of the significant climate-related issues        Climate Change
                      which have impacted, and those which may impact,
                      the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.


General Disclosure    Information on:                                              Employment and Labour
                                                                                      Practices
                      (a)   the policies; and


                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer


                      relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment
                      and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
                      opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                      benefits and welfare.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   77
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                             Reference Section/Statement


     KPI B1.1                    Total workforce by gender, employment type (for        Employment and Labour
                                 example, full- or part-time), age group and              Practices
                                 geographical region.


     KPI B1.2                    Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and        Employment and Labour
                                 geographical region.                                     Practices


     General Disclosure          Information on:                                        Health and Safety


                                 (a)   the policies; and


                                 (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                 relating to providing a safe working environment
                                 and protecting employees from occupational
                                 hazards.


     KPI B2.1                    Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred    Health and Safety
                                 in each of the past three years including the
                                 reporting year.


     KPI B2.2                    Lost days due to work injury.                          Health and Safety


     KPI B2.3                    Description of occupational health and safety          Health and Safety
                                 measures adopted, how they are implemented and
                                 monitored.


     B3 Development and Training


     General Disclosure          Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and         Development and Training
                                 skills for discharging duties at work.


     KPI B3.1                    The percentage of employees trained by gender          Development and Training
                                 and employee category (e.g. senior management,
                                 middle management).


     KPI B3.2                    The average training hours completed per               Development and Training
                                 employee by gender and employee category.




78   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                            Reference Section/Statement


General Disclosure    Information on:                                              Labour Standards


                      (a)   the policies; and


                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer
                            relating to preventing child and forced labour.


KPI B4.1              Description of measures to review employment                 Labour Standards
                      practices to avoid child and forced labour.


KPI B4.2              Description of steps taken to eliminate such                 Labour Standards
                      practices when discovered.


General Disclosure    Policies on managing environmental and social risks          Supply Chain Management
                      of the supply chain.


KPI B5.1              Number of suppliers by geographical region.                  Supply Chain Management


KPI B5.2              Description of practices relating to engaging                Supply Chain Management
                      suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices
                      are being implemented, how they are implemented
                      and monitored.


KPI B5.3              Description of practices used to identify                    Supply Chain Management
                      environmental and social risks along the supply
                      chain, and how they are implemented and
                      monitored.


KPI B5.4              Description of practices used to promote                     Supply Chain Management
                      environmentally preferable products and services
                      when selecting suppliers, and how they are
                      implemented and monitored.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   79
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                               Reference Section/Statement


     General Disclosure          Information on:                                          Product Responsibility


                                 (a)   the policies; and


                                 (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                 relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling
                                 and privacy matters relating to products and
                                 services provided and methods of redress.


     KPI B6.1                    Percentage of total products sold or shipped             Not material: No
                                 subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.          manufacturing of products


     KPI B6.2                    Number of products and service related complaints        Product Responsibility
                                 received and how they are dealt with.


     KPI B6.3                    Description of practices relating to observing and       Product Responsibility
                                 protecting intellectual property rights.


     KPI B6.4                    Description of quality assurance process and recall      Product Responsibility
                                 procedures.


     KPI B6.5                    Description of consumer data protection and              Product Responsibility
                                 privacy policies, how they are implemented and
                                 monitored.


     General Disclosure          Information on:                                          Anti-corruption


                                 (a)   the policies; and


                                 (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                 relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                                 laundering.




80   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                          Reference Section/Statement


KPI B7.1              Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt          Anti-corruption
                      practices brought against the issuer or its
                      employees during the reporting period and the
                      outcomes of the cases.


KPI B7.2              Description of preventive measures, how they are           Anti-corruption
                      implemented and monitored.


KPI B7.3              Description of anti-corruption training provided to        Anti-corruption
                      directors and staff.


General Disclosure    Policies on community engagement to understand             Community Investment
                      the needs of the communities where the issuer
                      operates and to ensure its activities take into
                      consideration the communities’ interests.


KPI B8.1              Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,               Community Investment
                      environmental concerns, labour needs, health,
                      culture, sport).


KPI B8.2              Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the          Community Investment
                      focus area.




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   81
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDEN PONDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 89 to 181, which comprise the consolidated statement of
     financial position as at 31 March 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
     year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
     accounting policies.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 March 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
     in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
     with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
     ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
     audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     provide a separate opinion on these matters.




82   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


The Key Audit Matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit



Revenue recognition of construction contracts
We identified the revenue recognition of construction     Our procedures in relation to the revenue recognition
contracts as a key audit matter as management’s           of construction contracts included:
estimate of revenue, budgeted costs and the stage of
completion of construction works requires significant     •   Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
judgement and has a significant impact on the                 controls and processes over revenue recognition
amount and timing of revenue recognised.                      of construction contracts and contract budget
                                                              preparation;
The Group recognised revenue from a construction
contract by reference to the progress towards             •   Discussing with management and the project
complete satisfaction of performance obligation at            managers of the Group who are responsible for the
the end of the reporting period, measured using the           preparation of budgets of construction contracts to
input method. Most of the Group’s construction                evaluate the reasonableness of their bases of
contracts with customers take more than one year to           estimation of the budgeted costs as well as the
complete. Management estimates the revenue and                progress towards completion of the contracts;
budgeted costs at the commencement of
construction contracts and regularly assesses the         •   Checking supporting documents including
progress of construction works as well as the financial       contracts, variation orders and correspondences
impact of any scope changes, claims, disputes and             with customers, subcontractors and suppliers, in
liquidation damages.                                          order to evaluate reasonableness of
                                                              management’s estimation of the revenue and
As disclosed in Notes 5(b) and 7 to the consolidated          budgeted contract costs;
financial statements, the Group’s revenue from
construction contracts amounted to approximately          •   Assessing management’s estimates of the impact
HK$373,132,000 for the year ended 31 March 2023.              on revenue and budgeted costs arising from scope
                                                              changes made to the construction contracts,
                                                              claims, disputes and liquidated damages with
                                                              reference to supporting documents including
                                                              variation orders and correspondence among the
                                                              Group, independent surveyors, customers,
                                                              subcontractors and suppliers if appropriate;


                                                          •   Recalculating the revenue recognised based on
                                                              the progress of the construction contracts; and


                                                          •   On a sample basis, agreeing the contract costs
                                                              incurred to date on construction contracts to the
                                                              subcontractors’ payment certificates, labour costs
                                                              and supplier invoices.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   83
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



      Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
      We identified the impairment of trade receivables        Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment
      and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the     of trade receivables and contract assets included:
      significance of the carrying amounts of trade
      receivables and contract assets to the consolidated      •   Understanding management’s process of
      financial statements, as well as the significant             assessing recoverability of trade receivables and
      judgement involved in developing and implementing            contract assets;
      the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and high level
      of estimation uncertainty.                               •   Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                   ECL model and challenging assumptions and data
      Management estimates ECL of trade receivables and            used in estimating ECL, including testing the
      contract assets based on the historical default rates,       accuracy of the historical data, evaluating whether
      past-due status and financial capability of individual       the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
      debtors and forward-looking macroeconomic factors.           based on current economic conditions and
                                                                   forward-looking information and assessing
      As disclosed in Notes 5(a), 21 and 23 to the                 whether there was an indication of management
      consolidated financial statements, as at 31 March            bias when recognising loss allowances; and
      2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables and
      contract assets are HK$37,813,000 and HK$75,465,000      •   Discussing with the Group’s project managers
      respectively net of allowance for credit losses of           about their evaluation of impact of disputes with
      HK$2,392,000 and HK$317,000 respectively.                    customers and unforeseen delay of construction
                                                                   contracts, if any, on the recoverability of trade
                                                                   receivables and contract assets and checking to
                                                                   those relevant correspondences and documents
                                                                   to assess reasonableness of their evaluation.




84   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


 The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit



 Impairment assessment of goodwill
 We identified impairment of goodwill as a key audit     Our procedures in relation to the impairment
 matter due to significant management judgement          assessment of goodwill included:
 involved in determining the recoverable amount of
 the goodwill for impairment assessment.                 •   Obtaining an understanding on the Group’s
                                                             impairment assessment process including cash
 Impairment of goodwill is assessed by comparing the         flow forecast preparation process;
 recoverable amount of respective cash-generating
 unit (“CGU”) to which goodwill is allocated, to their   •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
 carrying values at the end of each reporting period.        assumptions and estimates made by the
 Significant judgements and estimates are required by        management in determining the recoverable
 the management in assessing the impairment of               amount of the CGUs, including discount rates,
 goodwill, which are determined with reference to the        growth rates and expected changes to revenue
 present value of the estimated future cash flows            and direct costs;
 arising from respective CGUs with key assumptions
 and estimates including expected changes to revenue     •   Evaluating the key inputs adopted in the cash flow
 and direct costs, suitable discount rates and growth        forecast by comparing to the historical
 rates in order to calculate the recoverable amount of       performance and the most recent actual
 the CGUs.                                                   performance of respective CGUs;


 Included in the Group’s consolidated statement of       •   Testing the mathematical accuracy of the
 financial position, as at 31 March 2023, the goodwill       underlying value-in-use calculations; and
 amount is HK$74,691,000 and no impairment loss is
 recorded during the year.                               •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by
                                                             management around the key assumptions applied
                                                             to ascertain the extent of changes in those
                                                             assumptions that either individually or collectively
                                                             would be required for the goodwill to be
                                                             impaired.


OTHER MATTER
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 were audited by another
independent auditor whose report dated 24 June 2022 expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   85
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
     in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
     express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
     consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
     misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
     other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
     GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
     view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
     or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
     have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
     includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
     engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
     person for the contents of this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
     the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




86   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
     of the Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
     disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
     However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
     responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
     for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   87
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Del Rosario, Faith
     Corazon.




     Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong, 23 June 2023


     Del Rosario, Faith Corazon
     Practising Certificate Number P06143




88   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2023


                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                         Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000


Revenue                                                                     7              401,352              591,900
Cost of services                                                                          (379,929)            (565,058)


Gross profit                                                                                21,423               26,842

Other income, gains and losses                                              8                (2,662)                342
Provision of loss allowance for trade receivables,
  contract assets and other receivables, net                              40(a)             (2,007)              (1,045)
Fair value gain/(loss) on derivative financial liability                   29                4,050              (19,080)
Share of losses of associates                                              19               (1,716)                   –
Administrative and other expenses                                                          (56,025)             (25,864)
Finance costs                                                               9               (1,901)                 (36)


Loss before tax                                                            10              (38,838)             (18,841)
Income tax credit/(expense)                                                11                  785                 (550)


Loss for the year                                                                          (38,053)             (19,391)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                    (38,065)             (19,391)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                     12                    –


                                                                                           (38,053)             (19,391)


                                                                                          HK cents            HK cents

Loss per share, attributable to owners of the Company
– Basic and diluted                                                        14                 (4.01)               (2.42)


Loss for the year                                                                          (38,053)             (19,391)

Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (with nil tax effect)                                                 7,931                    –


Total comprehensive expense for the year                                                   (30,122)             (19,391)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                    (30,134)             (19,391)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                     12                    –


                                                                                           (30,122)             (19,391)



                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   89
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2023




                                                                                  2023                 2022
                                                                    Notes       HK$’000             HK$’000


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                   15          19,316               8,340
     Right-of-use assets                                             16          13,844                 636
     Goodwill                                                        17          74,691                   –
     Intangible assets                                               18           3,455               1,125
     Interests in associates                                         19           3,364                   –
     Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
       income                                                        20          27,719                   –
     Deposits                                                        22           1,604                   –
     Deferred tax assets                                             31           1,775               1,175
                                                                            •             155,896




                                                                                145,768              11,276


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                   137                    –
     Trade receivables                                               21          37,813              49,170
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                     22          20,462              70,816
     Contract assets                                                 23          75,465             142,108
     Pledged bank deposits                                           24          17,180                   –
     Cash and cash equivalents                                       24          70,745              87,200
                                                                            •             155,896




                                                                                221,802             349,294


     Current liabilities
     Trade and retention money payables                              25          72,449             169,853
     Accruals and other payables                                     26          41,701              15,053
     Derivative financial liability                                  29               –              19,080
     Promissory note payables                                        27          42,937                   –
     Lease liabilities                                               28           6,862                 654
     Amount due to the ultimate holding company                      30           5,670                   –
     Amount due to an associate                                      30             67                    –


                                                                                169,686             204,640


     Net current assets                                                          52,116             144,654
                                                                            •             155,896




     Total assets less current liabilities                                      197,884             155,930
                                                                            •             155,896




90   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                   As at 31 March 2023




                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                  Notes             HK$’000                  HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
Provision for reinstatement costs                                   16                  4,000                      –
Lease liabilities                                                   28                  4,983                     34
Deferred tax liabilities                                            31                      508                    –
                                                                           •                       155,896




                                                                                        9,491                     34
                                                                           •                       155,896




NET ASSETS                                                                           188,393                 155,896


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                       33                  9,595                  8,275
Reserves                                                                             178,867                 147,621
                                                                           •                       155,896




Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                         188,462                 155,896
Non-controlling interests                                                                   (69)                   –
                                                                           •                       155,896




TOTAL EQUITY                                                                         188,393                 155,896



The consolidated financial statements on pages 89 to 181 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors on 23 June 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Kwok Chun Sing                                             Zhan Zhi Hao
                           Director                                              Director




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023      91
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 March 2023




                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                 Non-
                                                         Share       Share      Fair value        Capital        Retained                  controlling
                                                        capital   premium         reserve        reserve         earnings     Sub-total      interests      Total
                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                      (Note 33)   (Note 33)      (Note 33)      (Note 33)        (Note 33)


     At 1 April 2021                                     8,000      88,035               –         15,500          56,422      167,957               –    167,957


     Issuance of new shares (Note 33)                      275       7,055                             –                 –        7,330              –      7,330
     Loss and total comprehensive expense for
       the year                                              –           –               –             –           (19,391)     (19,391)             –     (19,391)


     At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                   8,275      95,090               –         15,500          37,031      155,896               –    155,896


     (Loss)/profit for the year                              –           –               –             –           (38,065)     (38,065)           12      (38,053)
     Other comprehensive income
       for the year
     – Change in fair value through other
         comprehensive income (with nil tax effect)          –           –          7,931              –                 –        7,931              –      7,931


     Total comprehensive income/(expense)
       for the year                                          –           –          7,931              –           (38,065)     (30,134)           12      (30,122)


     Disposal of equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                    –           –         (10,950)            –           10,950             –              –           –
     Shares issued for settlement of consideration
       in relation to acquisition of an associate
       (Note 29)                                           900      41,850               –             –                 –       42,750              –     42,750
     Shares issued for settlement of consideration
       in relation to acquisition of a subsidiary
       (Note 36(b))                                        420      19,530               –             –                 –       19,950              –     19,950
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(b))                –           –               –             –                 –            –            (81)        (81)


     At 31 March 2023                                    9,595    156,470          (3,019)        15,500            9,916     188,462             (69)    188,393




92   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2023




                                                                                  2023                 2022
                                                             Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before tax                                                                (38,838)             (18,841)
Adjustments for:
  Bank interest income                                          8                  (343)                 (60)
  Finance costs                                                 9                 1,901                  36
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                10                 5,992                 399
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          10                 6,143               1,235
  Amortisation of intangible asset                             10                 1,870                 375
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            10                 5,577                  37
  Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables, net        10                 1,294                 930
  Provision of loss allowance of contract assets, net          10                    33                 115
  Provision of loss allowance of other receivables             10                   680                    –
  Fair value (gain)/loss on derivative financial liability     29                (4,050)             19,080
  Share of losses of associates                                19                 1,716                    –
  Covid-19 related rent concessions                             8     •
                                                                                   (138)   •
                                                                                                           –


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                       (18,163)               3,306


Decrease in inventories                                                              40                    –
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                        13,458              (39,974)
Decrease/(increase) in deposits, prepayments and other
  receivables                                                                   56,780              (25,273)
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                          66,610              (57,626)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and retention money payables                     (100,287)             117,736
Increase in accruals and other payables                                           9,607               1,496
                                                                      •                    •




Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                        28,045                 (335)
Income tax refunded                                                                    –              1,425
                                                                      •                    •




Net cash generated from operating activities                                    28,045                1,090
                                                                      •                    •




                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   93
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2023




                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                          Notes       HK$’000        HK$’000


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Placement of pledged bank deposits                                               (17,180)              –
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         (9,585)          (152)
     Purchase of equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                             (40,038)              –
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              30                –
     Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments at fair value
       through other comprehensive income                                              20,250               –
     Advance from an associate                                                            67                –
     Net cash inflow/(outflow) arising from acquisition of subsidiaries    36          16,204          (1,500)
     Interest received                                                            •
                                                                                         343     •
                                                                                                          60


     Net cash used in investing activities                                            (29,909)         (1,592)
                                                                                  •              •




     Cash flows from financing activities
     Interest paid                                                        39(b)          (424)            (36)
     Repayments of lease liabilities                                      39(b)        (5,311)         (1,222)
     Repayments of bank borrowings                                        39(b)        (4,017)              –
     Repayment to the ultimate holding company                            39(b)        (4,839)              –
                                                                                  •              •




     Net cash used in financing activities                                            (14,591)         (1,258)
                                                                                  •              •




     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                        (16,455)         (1,760)


     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                87,200         88,960
                                                                                  •              •




     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                      70,745         87,200




94   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2023




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

  The Company is incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. Its
  shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of its
  registered office is located at 71 Fort Street, P.O. Box 500, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1106, Cayman
  Islands and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is located at Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China
  Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


  The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are the
  provision of superstructure building and RMAA work service as a main contractor in Hong Kong and the
  provision of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service. The principal activities of
  its subsidiaries are set out in Note 34.


  The immediate and ultimate holding company is Chun Yip International Investment Limited, a company
  incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and Mr. Kwok Chun Sing is the ultimate controlling party of the
  Company since the takeover of the controlling shares of the Company from Mr. Chan Kam Tong and
  Mr. Chan Kam Ming on 11 January 2023.


  The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is also the
  functional currency of the Company.


2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)

  (a) Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
       In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong
       Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
       effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2022 for the preparation of the
       consolidated financial statements:


       Amendments to HKAS 16                        Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before
                                                      Intended Use
       Amendments to HKAS 37                        Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
       Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Reference to the Conceptual Framework
       Amendments to HKFRSs                         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020

       The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the
       Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures
       set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2023




     2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
        REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

           (b) New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                 The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued
                 but are not yet effective:


                 HKFRS 17                                           Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
                 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                     HKAS 28                                           Associate or Joint Venture3
                 Amendments to HKFRS 16                             Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                               Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                       related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 2
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
                 Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
                     Practice Statement 2
                 Amendments to HKAS 8                               Definition of Accounting Estimates1
                 Amendments to HKAS 12                              Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                       Single Transaction1

                 1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
                 2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                 3      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


                 Except for the amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate
                 that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the
                 consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




96   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2023




2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (b) New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting
     Policies
     HKAS 1 is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with
     “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
     considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
     reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
     statements make on the basis of those financial statements.


     The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
     of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
     not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is
     itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such
     information must not obscure material accounting policy information.


     HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also
     amended to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy
     disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial
     statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.


     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position
     or performance of the Group but may affect the disclosures of the Group’s significant accounting
     policies. The impacts of application, if any, will be disclosed in the Group’s future consolidated
     financial statements.


     Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
     The amendments define accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are
     subject to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements
     to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty – that is, the accounting policy may
     require such items to be measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly and must
     instead be estimated. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the
     objective set out by the accounting policy. Developing accounting estimates involves the use of
     judgements or assumptions based on the latest available, reliable information.


     In addition, the concept of changes in accounting estimates in HKAS 8 is retained with additional
     clarifications.


     The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements.




                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2023




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the
           HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the
           Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies
           Ordinance.


           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the certain
           financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is
           generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange of goods and services.


           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
           transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
           directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
           or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if the market
           participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
           measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial
           statements is determined on such basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
           scope of HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with
           HKFRS 16 “Leases” and measurement that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as
           net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”.


           In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
           based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
           of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:


           •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                 entity can access at the measurement date;


           •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                 asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and


           •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




98   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  Basis of consolidation
  The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
  controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


  (i)     has power over the investee;


  (ii)    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


  (iii)   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


  The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
  are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


  Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when
  the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or
  disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
  comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
  control the subsidiary.


  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
  Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
  deficit balance.


  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
  policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


  All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
  represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
  relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


  In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less any
  impairment loss. The result of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends
  received and receivable.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Asset acquisition
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
            identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
            purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance
            of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
            relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain
            purchase gain.


            Business combinations
            A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
            that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
            substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
            with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
            contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
            replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.


            Acquisitions of business are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
            measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets
            transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
            equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for the control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs
            are expensed as incurred.


            For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 April 2022, the identifiable assets
            acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
            Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
            transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS
            37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a
            business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.




100   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Business combinations (Continued)
  At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
  fair value, except that:


  •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
        recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
        respectively;


  •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
        share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
        arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see
        the accounting policy below);


  •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
        Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
        and


  •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
        defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for
        leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying
        asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the
        relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
        compared with market terms.


  Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
  non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
  in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and
  the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts
  of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred,
  the amount of any noncontrolling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously
  held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain
  purchase gain.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Business combinations (Continued)
            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
            share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation may be initially measured either at
            fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the
            acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction
            basis.


            When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
            acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
            and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
            appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have
            previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKFRS 9 would be
            accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously
            held equity interest.


            If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
            the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
            incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see
            above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts
            and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts
            recognised at that date.


            Goodwill
            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
            the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
            (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
            which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
            not larger than an operating segment.




102   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Goodwill (Continued)
  A cash-generating unit (or groups of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested
  for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For
  goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or groups of
  cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
  reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the
  impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and
  then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
  unit (or groups of cash-generating units).


  On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
  cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
  of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a
  cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
  measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and
  the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.


  Interests in associates
  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
  participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
  over those policies.


  The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
  statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity
  accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like
  transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is
  initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to
  recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When
  the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes
  any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the
  Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the
  extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
  associate.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Interests in associates (Continued)
            An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
            becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
            investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the
            investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any
            excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the
            investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the
            investment is acquired.


            The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
            impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
            goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
            recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
            Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the
            carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
            HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


            When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of
            the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the
            Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the
            scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is
            regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate
            and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in the
            associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In addition, the
            Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that
            associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related
            assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that
            associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group
            reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/
            partial disposal of the relevant associate.


            When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
            transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of
            interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.




104   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Property, plant and equipment
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
  impairment losses, if any. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any
  directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.


  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
  appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
  Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
  derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss during the
  financial period in which they are incurred.


  Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
  residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
  residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of reporting period, with the effect of any
  changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


  An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
  benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
  or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the
  sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.


  Leases
  Definition of a lease
  A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
  for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


  For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from
  business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition
  under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
  be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As a practical
  expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably
  expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual
  leases within the portfolio.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Leases (Continued)
            The Group as a lessee
            Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
            For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
            the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
            stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
            components.


            The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
            instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
            component.

            Short-term leases
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of premises and site equipment
            that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
            option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another
            systematic basis over the lease term.

            Right-of-use assets
            The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


            •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


            •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


            •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

            •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
                  restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                  the terms and conditions of the lease.


            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
            adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities other than adjustments from Covid-19-related rent
            concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient. Right-of-use assets in which the Group is
            reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are
            depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are
            depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


            When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, upon
            exercising purchase options, the carrying amount of the relevant right-of-use assets are transferred to
            property, plant and equipment.


            The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
            position.


106   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Leases (Continued)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)
  Refundable rental deposits
  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
  Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in
  the cost of right-of-use assets.


  Lease liabilities
  At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
  value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
  Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in
  the lease is not readily determinable.


  The lease payments represent fixed payments and the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is
  reasonably certain to exercise the option.


  After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


  The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
  assets) whenever:


  •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
        which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
        revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


  •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
        expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
        remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


  The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
  position.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Leases (Continued)
            The Group as a lessee (Continued)
            Lease modifications
            Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical expedient, the Group
            accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


            •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                  assets; and


            •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
                  the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                  circumstances of the particular contract.


            For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
            liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting
            the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


            The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
            relevant right-of-use asset.


            When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates the
            consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
            price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the respective lease
            components.




108   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Leases (Continued)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)
  Covid-19-related rent concessions
  In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group
  has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all
  of the following conditions are met:


  •    the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the
       same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;


  •    any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and


  •    there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.


  A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
  concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a
  lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments.


  The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding
  adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.


  Intangible asset
  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially
  recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


  Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
  lives are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the
  same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.


  An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
  use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
  difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit
  or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
            contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
            and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
            assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
            market place.


            Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
            from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs
            that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added
            to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
            recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities
            at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
            liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
            interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all
            fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs
            and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or,
            where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


            Interest income is recognised on an effective interest basis for financial assets and are presented as other
            income.


            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                  and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
            comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):


            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                  collecting contractual cash flows; and


            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                  and interest on the principal amount outstanding.



110   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Amortised cost and interest income
  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
  at amortised cost. For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial
  assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
  financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For
  financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
  the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
  credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
  credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
  amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
  the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


  Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
  Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
  arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair
  value reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to retained
  earnings.


  Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
  right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
  cost of the investment.


  Impairment of financial assets
  The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
  including trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables, deposits and bank balances which are
  subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
  reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
  relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
  expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
  Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
  specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at
  the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
  financing component.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been
            a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL.
            The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
            likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


            (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                  risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making
                  this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                  and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                  without undue cost or effort.


                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                  increased significantly:


                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                        or internal credit rating;


                  •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                        the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                  •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                        expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                  •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                        environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                        debt obligations.


                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                  increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                  due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.




112   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
  (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
          significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
          reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default,
          (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term
          and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
          necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group
          considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of
          ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood definitions.


          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
          capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


  (ii)    Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
          developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
          creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
          than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
          that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


  (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
          A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
          estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
          credit impaired includes observable data about the following events:


          (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


          (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


          (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                otherwise consider;


          (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                or


          (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
            (iv)   Write-off policy
                   The Group writes off a financial asset, when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
                   severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                   assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                   taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                   subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


            (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                   The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                   magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                   probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                   information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                   determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical
                   expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables and contract assets using a provision matrix taking
                   into consideration historical credit loss experience and forward looking information that is available
                   without undue cost or effort.


                   Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                   accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                   effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                   Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking into
                   consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                   macroeconomic information.


                   For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                   formulating the grouping:


                   •     Past-due status;


                   •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                   •     External credit ratings where available.


                   The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                   to share similar credit risk characteristics.




114   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
  (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
        Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
        financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
        of the financial asset.


        The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
        adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and contract assets, where the
        corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.


  Derecognition of financial assets
  The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
  expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
  asset to another entity.


  On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
  carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


  On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition
  to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is not
  reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.


  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
  Classification as debt or equity
  Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
  substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
  instrument.


  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
  deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
  received, net of direct issue costs


  Financial liabilities at amortised cost
  Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, promissory note payables and other borrowings are
  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)
            Financial liabilities at FVTPL
            Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
            acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at
            FVTPL.


            Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of sale in the near
            term. Derivatives financial instruments, including separate embedded derivatives, are also classified as held
            for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Subsequent to initial recognition,
            financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss
            in the period in which they arise.


            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
            cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
            derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash at bank and on hand. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly
            liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to an
            insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position,
            cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in nature to cash,
            which are not restricted as to use.


            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
            weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
            estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
            include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
            incur to make the sale.


            Revenue from contracts with customers
            The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
            goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.


            A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
            a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




116   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
  Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or
  service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred over
  time if the Group’s performance:


  •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


  •    creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


  •    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
       to payment for performance completed to date.


  If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract
  by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise,
  revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or service.


  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit of
  financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at
  the present value of the amounts receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in
  a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. Where the
  contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group,
  revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
  under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period between the payment and the transfer
  of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of
  a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


  Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of
  a performance obligation
  Input method
  The Group provides construction services to customer. Such services are recognised as a performance
  obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
  asset is created or enhanced and the payment is generally due within 30 days from the date of invoice.
  Revenue is recognised from a construction contract by reference to the progress towards complete
  satisfaction of performance obligation at the end of the reporting period, measured using the input method
  based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of
  the construction services.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            Contract assets and contract liabilities
            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
            transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s
            unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that
            consideration is due.


            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group
            has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


            Contract asset is recognised when (i) the Group completes the infrastructure construction works under such
            services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed by customers,
            or (ii) the customers retain retention money to secure the due performance of the contracts. Any amount
            previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at the point at which it is
            invoiced to the customer. If the considerations (including advances received from customers) exceeds the
            revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group recognises a contract liability for the
            difference.


            For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented.
            For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a
            net basis.


            Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss
            before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
            are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have
            been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
            in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable
            profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
            assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such
            deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
            recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
            neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if
            the temporary difference arises from initial recognition of goodwill.




118   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Taxation (Continued)
  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
  subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
  probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising
  from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent
  that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
  the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
  the asset to be recovered.


  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
  which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted
  or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
  the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
  amount of its assets and liabilities.


  For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
  applies HKAS 12 “Income Taxes” requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences
  relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on
  right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net
  deductible temporary differences.


  Deferred tax asset and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
  assets against tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the
  same taxation authority.


  Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
  recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax
  are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.


  Borrowing costs
  All borrowing costs which are not eligible for capitalisation to qualifying assets are recognised in profit or
  loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Foreign currencies
            Transactions entered into by the Group in currencies other than the currency of the primary economic
            environment in which it operates (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling when the
            transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates ruling at the
            end of reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
            currency are not retranslated.


            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary items,
            are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


            Employee benefits
            (i)    Short-term employee benefits
                   Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
                   expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in
                   which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised in the
                   year when the employees render the related service.


            (ii)   Pension scheme
                   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
                   “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees.
                   Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to
                   the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
                   Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an
                   independently administered fund. There are no forfeited contributions for the MPF Scheme as the
                   contributions are fully vested to the employees upon payment to the scheme. No forfeited
                   contributions may be used to reduce the existing level of contributions.


            (iii) Termination benefits
                   Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                   offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                   termination benefits.


            Government grants
            Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
            the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


            Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
            Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.


            Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
            incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs
            are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other
            income, rather than reducing the related expense.



120   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
  intangible assets other than goodwill
  At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
  equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and investments in subsidiaries
  included in the Company’s statement of financial position to determine whether there is any indication that
  these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
  relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.


  The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are
  estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
  the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


  In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
  cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
  they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
  allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or
  group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying
  amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.


  Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
  use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
  reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
  the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


  If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
  amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
  For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and
  consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of
  cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
  allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
  cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
  carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
  carrying amount of each asset in the unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest
  of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
  of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro-rata to the
  other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
  is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount
  does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been
  recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
  recognised in profit or loss immediately.



                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Provision and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a
            past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate
            can be made of the amount of the obligation.


            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
            present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
            surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
            present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
            value of money is material).


            Provisions for the costs to restore leased assets to their original condition, as required by the terms and
            conditions of the lease, are recognised at the date of inception of the lease at the directors’ best estimate
            of the expenditure that would be required to restore the assets, Estimates are regularly reviewed and
            adjusted as appropriate for new circumstances.


            A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not
            probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
            obligation.


            Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected
            to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated
            financial statements.


            The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
            benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be
            required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
            consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs, except
            in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.


            Related parties
            (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


                  (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                  (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                  (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.




122   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2023




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Related parties (Continued)
  (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


        (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


        (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


        (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


        (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                entity.


        (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the Group or
                an entity related to the Group.


        (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


        (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


        (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                services to the Group or to the Company’s parent.


        Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
        influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


  Segment reporting
  Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
  statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Company’s board of
  directors for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various
  lines of business and geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated
  for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in
  respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
  customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the
  regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
  share a majority of these criteria.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, management of the
            Group is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
            and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions
            are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
            differ from these estimates.


            The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
            estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
            or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


            Key sources of estimation uncertainty
            The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
            each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
            of assets within the next financial year, are described below.


            (a)   Expected credit loss on trade receivables and contract assets
                  The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
                  ECL rates are based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The provision matrix is initially
                  based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.
                  The Group will calibrate the ECL rates to adjust the historical credit loss experience with
                  forward-looking information. If forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next
                  year which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default rates are adjusted. At
                  each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
                  forward-looking estimates are analysed. The assessment of the correlation among historical observed
                  default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate.


                  The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The
                  Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
                  representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
                  Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in Note 40(a) to the consolidated financial
                  statements.


                  As at 31 March 2023, the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets were
                  HK$37,813,000 (2022: HK$49,170,000) and HK$75,465,000 (2022: HK$142,108,000) respectively (net of
                  allowance for credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets of HK$2,392,000 (2022:
                  HK$1,098,000) and HK$317,000 (2022: HK$284,000) respectively).




124   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

  Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
  (b) Measurement of progress of construction works
        The Group uses input method to measure the progress toward satisfaction of the performance
        obligations, and specifically, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the
        estimated total costs. Actual construction costs incurred include direct and indirect costs in the
        process of transferring goods or services from the Group to customers. The Group believes that costs
        incurred is proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Therefore, the
        proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the total expected costs can reflect the
        progress toward satisfaction of construction service. Since the duration of construction is relatively
        long that it may cover more than one accounting period, the Group will review contract, revise budget
        and adjust revenue accordingly as the contract carries forward.


        During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group generated revenue of HK$373,132,000 (2022:
        HK$591,900,000) from construction contracts. As at 31 March 2023, the carrying amount of contract
        assets is HK$75,465,000 (2022: HK$142,108,000).

  (c)   Impairment assessment of goodwill
        Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the
        cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the
        Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating units and a
        suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are
        less than expected, a material impairment loss may arise.


        As at 31 March 2023, the carrying amount of goodwill is amounted HK$74,691,000 (2022: Nil).


  (d) Purchase price allocation
        The Group applies acquisition accounting to transactions that meet the definition of business
        combinations. This requires the Group to allocate the acquisition consideration to identifiable assets
        acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition. Management
        estimations are required to determine the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and
        the related deferred tax liabilities arising from fair value adjustments at the date of acquisition. The fair
        values of assets and liabilities acquired on the acquisition dates are set out in Note 36 to the financial
        statements.


  (e)   Recognition of deferred tax assets
        Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
        available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilised, and is
        measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax assets are
        realised. In determining the deferred tax assets to be recognised, management is required to estimate
        the future applicable tax rate for each entity within the Group at each tax jurisdiction and the
        profitability of each entity, so as to estimate the future utilisation of tax losses. Any difference between
        these estimates and the actual outcome will impact the Group’s results in the period in which the
        actual outcome is determined. As at 31 March 2023, the carrying amount of deferred tax assets
        amounted to approximately HK$1,775,000 (2022: HK$1,175,000).

                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

            Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker
            (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focused on
            the business lines of the Group. During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group commenced the business
            engaging in reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service with the acquisition of
            Chun Yang International (HK) Company Limited (“Chun Yang”) and Cornerstone Energy Limited
            (“Cornerstone”) (as detailed in Note 36) and it is considered as a new operating and reportable segment
            by the CODM. The Group’s operating segments are classified as (i) Superstructure building and RMAA
            works service and (ii) Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service. These operating
            segments also represent the Group’s reportable segments.


            No operating segment information was presented for the year ended 31 March 2022 as there was only a
            single business line, being the provision of superstructure building and RMAA work service.


            Disaggregate of revenue from contracts with customers, as well as information regarding the Group’s
            reportable segments as provided to the Group’s CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and
            assessment of segment performance for the year ended 31 March 2023 is set out below.


                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                                        Reverse supply
                                                                    Superstructure   chain management
                                                                building and RMAA    and environmental-
                                                                     works service       related service           Total
                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000          HK$’000


            Segment revenue (from external customers)                     373,132               28,220          401,352


            Segment results                                                   760               (18,744)        (17,984)


            Fair value gain on derivative financial liability                                                     4,050
            Share of loss on associates                                                                           (1,716)
            Finance costs                                                                                         (1,679)
            Unallocated expenses                                                                                (21,509)


            Loss before tax                                                                                     (38,838)




126   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2023




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.
  Segment results represent the profit/(loss) earned by each segment without allocation of unallocated
  expenses (including certain administrative and other expenses), fair value gain on derivative financial
  liability, share of loss on associates and certain finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM of
  the Group for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


  No analysis of segment assets or segment liabilities is presented as they are not regularly provided to the
  CODM of the Group.


  Other segment information

                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                          Reverse supply
                                                      Superstructure   chain management
                                                  building and RMAA    and environmental-
                                                       works service       related service                  Total
                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000                HK$’000


  Amounts included in the measured
    of segment result:


  Finance costs                                                   9                   213                     222
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 130                 3,188                   3,318
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           603                 2,589                   3,192
  Amortisation of intangible assets                             750                 1,120                   1,870
  Provision of loss allowance for
    – trade receivables                                         196                 1,098                   1,294
    – contract assets                                            33                      –                     33
    – other receivables                                            –                  680                     680
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and
    equipment                                                    60                 5,517                   5,577



  The Group’s revenue from operations derived from Hong Kong, based on the location of the customers,
  and all of its non-current assets were located in Hong Kong, based on the location of assets.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

            Information about major customers
            Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the
            reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                                    2023       2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000


            Customer A                                                                                          166,842     249,115
            Customer B                                                                                              N/A*    150,543
            Customer C                                                                                              N/A*    128,822
            Customer D                                                                                          116,212      63,186



            *     Revenue from relevant customer was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue for the reporting period.



      7. REVENUE

            The principal activities of the Group are provision of (i) superstructure building and RMAA works service and
            (ii) reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service.


            Disaggregation of revenue
            An analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition
            recognised during the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                                    2023       2022
                                                                                                                HK$‘000     HK$‘000


            Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
            Provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service                                         373,132     591,900
            Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service                                     28,220          –


                                                                                                                401,352     591,900


            Timing of revenue recognition
            A point in time                                                                                         5,165         –
            Over time                                                                                           396,187     591,900


                                                                                                                401,352     591,900




128   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2023




7. REVENUE (CONTINUED)

  As at 31 March 2023, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
  performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$408,990,000 (2022:
  approximately HK$490,967,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
  from partially-completed long-term construction contracts. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
  in future when or as the work is completed, which HK$277,659,000 (2022: HK$490,967,000) is expected to
  occur within one year and HK$131,331,000 (2022: Nil) is expected to occur within more than one year but
  less than two years.


  The Group has applied the practical expedient to its contracts for construction services and therefore the
  above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
  satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for construction production that had an
  original expected duration of one year or less.


8. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

  An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and losses recognised during the reporting period is as
  follows:


                                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


  Bank interest income                                                                                     343                    60
  Government grant (Note)                                                                               2,288                       –
  Covid-19 related rent concessions                                                                        138                      –
  Sundry income                                                                                            212                   319
  Exchange loss, net                                                                                       (66)                     –
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    (5,577)                   (37)


                                                                                                       (2,662)                   342


  Note: Government subsidies obtained are mainly related to the Employment Support Scheme amounting to approximately HK$1,567,000,
        Distance Business Programme amounting to approximately HK$36,000 and the Recycling Fund amounting to approximately
        HK$685,000. The Group has elected to present the government subsidies separately, rather than reducing the related expense. The
        Group had to commit to spending the assistance on payroll expense, and not reduce employee head count below prescribed levels
        for a specified period of time.




                                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023        129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      9. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                        2023       2022
                                                                                      HK$’000   HK$’000


            Interest expenses on promissory note                                        1,477         –
            Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                          66          –
            Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                       358         36


                                                                                        1,901        36



      10. LOSS BEFORE TAX

            Loss before tax is arrived at after charging:


                                                                                        2023       2022
                                                                                      HK$’000   HK$’000


            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               5,992       399
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         6,143     1,235
            Amortisation of intangible asset                                            1,870       375


                                                                                       14,005     2,009


            Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ remuneration (Note 12))
              – Wages and salaries                                                     44,754    36,492
              – Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                   365      1,039
              – Others                                                                   253        398


                                                                                       45,372    37,929


            Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                3,513         –
            Auditor’s remuneration                                                       800        520
            Short-term lease expenses                                                    186        824
            Provision of loss allowance for
              – trade receivables                                                       1,294       930
              – contract assets                                                           33        115
              – other receivables                                                        680          –
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           5,577        37




130   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




11. INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSE)

   The Group is subject to income tax on profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, being its principal
   place of business. The income tax credit/(expense) in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
   comprehensive income during the reporting period represents:


                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


   Deferred tax
     Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (Note 31)                                          785                (550)


   Total income tax credit/(expense) for the year                                            785                (550)



   No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the year ended 31 March 2023 as the group
   entities did not have assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax for the year (2022: Nil).


   The income tax credit/(expense) for the reporting period can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the
   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


   Loss before tax                                                                      (38,838)             (18,841)


   Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 16.5%                                          (6,408)              (3,109)
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                   5,927               3,844
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                       (1,102)                 (10)
   Tax relief enacted by the tax authority                                                      –                 (10)
   Income tax at concessionary rate                                                             –               (165)
   Tax effect of utilisation of unused tax losses previously not recognised                   (40)                  –
   Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                                     838                    –


                                                                                            (785)                550




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND FIVE
          HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

            (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
                  Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the
                  Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:


                  Year ended 31 March 2023


                                                                                                   Contributions
                                                                                                     to defined
                                                                                                    contribution
                                                                        Salaries   Discretionary     retirement
                                                             Fees   and benefits       bonuses             plans     Total
                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


                  Executive Directors
                  Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Note (i))                  –         1,123             738              18      1,879
                  Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Note (ii))                 –         1,123             738              18      1,879
                  Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
                    (Note (iii))                                –           840             120              10       970
                  Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive
                    Officer) (Note (iv))                        –           276              25               5       306
                  Mr. Tang Chi Kin (Note (v))                   –             –               –               –          –


                  Independent Non-Executive Directors
                  Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                 192              –               –               –       192
                  Mr. Wan Simon                              192              –               –               –       192
                  Mr. Zhang Jue (Note (vi))                  180              –               –               –       180


                                                             564          3,362           1,621              51      5,598




132   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND FIVE
    HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)

  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (Continued)
      Year ended 31 March 2022


                                                                                                        Contributions
                                                                                                           to defined
                                                                                                         contribution
                                                                          Salaries    Discretionary        retirement
                                                            Fees      and benefits            bonuses           plans             Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000        HK$’000            HK$’000


     Executive Directors
      Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Note (i))                             –             1,560                618                 18          2,196
      Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Note (ii))                            –             1,560                618                 18          2,196
      Mr. Tang Chi Kin (Note (v))                              –                 –                  –                  –              –


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                             187                 –                  –                  –            187
      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (Note (vii))                     146                 –                  –                  –            146
      Mr. Wan Simon                                          187                 –                  –                  –            187
      Mr. Zhang Jue (Note (vi))                               39                 –                  –                  –             39


                                                             559             3,120              1,236                 36          4,951

      Notes:

      (i)      On 11 January 2023, Mr. Chan Kam Tong resigned as an executive director and chairman of the board of director.

      (ii)     On 11 January 2023, Mr. Chan Kam Ming resigned as an executive director and chief executive officer.

      (iii)    On 12 August 2022, Mr. Kwok Chun Sing was appointed as an executive director and vice chairman of the board of director.
               On 11 January 2023, Mr. Kwok Chun Sing was appointed as chairman of the board of director.

      (iv)     On 23 December 2022, Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao was appointed as an executive director. On 11 January 2023, Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao was
               appointed as chief executive officer.

      (v)      On 24 January 2022, Mr. Tang Chi Kin was appointed as an executive director.

      (vi)     On 14 January 2022, Mr. Zhang Jue was appointed as an independent non-executive director.

      (vii)    On 14 January 2022, Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark resigned as an independent non-executive director.

      (viii)   On 2 June 2023, Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah was appointed as an independent non-executive director.




                                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023       133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
          (CONTINUED)

            (b) Five highest paid employees
                  The five highest paid employees of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023 included 2 directors
                  (2022: included 2 directors) and their emoluments are set out in Note 12(a). The emoluments of the
                  remaining 3 highest paid employees (2022: 3) for the year ended 31 March 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


                  Salaries and benefits                                                       3,329                3,423
                  Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                         54                  36


                                                                                              3,383                3,459



                  The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the bands is as
                  follows:


                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                             No. of               No. of
                                                                                          employee         employee


                  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                     3                  3
                  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                     –                  –


                                                                                                   3                  3



                  During the year ended 31 March 2023, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors or any
                  of the five highest paid employees of the Group as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group
                  or as compensation for loss of office (2022: Nil). None of the directors, nor the five highest paid
                  employees has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2022: None).




134   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




13. DIVIDEND

   No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2023, nor has any
   dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2022: Nil).


14. LOSS PER SHARE

   The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on
   the following data:


                                                                                     Year ended 31 March

                                                                                          2023                 2022


   Loss per share
   Loss for the purposes of basic loss per share (HK$’000)                              38,065               19,391


   Number of share
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
     purposes of basic loss per share                                            949,361,473           802,560,479



   For the year ended 31 March 2023, the calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable
   to owners of the Company of approximately HK$38,065,000 (2022: approximately HK$19,391,000) and the
   weighted average number of 949,361,473 (2022: 802,560,479) ordinary shares.


   Diluted loss per share are same as the basic loss per share as there is no dilutive potential ordinary shares in
   existence during the year ended 31 March 2023 (2022: no dilution of shares).




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                            Furniture and      Leasehold                  Motor
                                                              equipment      improvement   Machinery     vehicles      Total
                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


            Cost
            At 1 April 2021                                         1,035          1,122            –        726       2,883
            Additions                                                152               –       7,330            –      7,482
            Disposals                                                 (70)             –            –           –         (70)


            At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                       1,117          1,122       7,330         726      10,295
            Additions                                                235           9,269          81            –      9,585
            Transfer from right-of-use assets (Note 16)                 –              –            –        397         397
            Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries
              (Note 36(a))                                            75           1,048      11,060         410      12,593
            Disposals                                                   –              –       (6,799)       (239)     (7,038)


            At 31 March 2023                                       1,427          11,439     11,672        1,294     25,832


            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 April 2021                                          233             935            –        421       1,589
            Provided for the year                                     90             187          61          61         399
            Elimination on disposals                                  (33)             –            –           –         (33)


            At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                        290           1,122          61         482       1,955
            Provided for the year                                    133           2,115       3,601         143       5,992
            Elimination on disposals                                    –              –       (1,282)       (149)     (1,431)


            At 31 March 2023                                         423           3,237       2,380         476      6,516


            Carrying amount


            At 31 March 2023                                       1,004           8,202       9,292         818     19,316


            At 31 March 2022                                         827               –       7,269         244       8,340


            Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 17.




136   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                  Motor              Other
                                                                 vehicle        properties
                                                              leased for        leased for
                                                                own use           own use
                                                          carried at cost carried at cost                 Total
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


   Cost
   1 April 2021                                                        –              2,789               2,789
   Additions                                                           –                265                 265
   Lease modification                                                  –              1,123               1,123


   At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                   –              4,177               4,177


   Additions                                                           –             13,071              13,071
   Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries
     (Note 36(a))                                                    542              6,135               6,677
   Transfer to property, plant and equipment                        (542)                  –               (542)


   At 31 March 2023                                                    –            23,383              23,383


   Accumulated depreciation
   At 1 April 2021                                                     –              2,306               2,306
   Depreciation charge for the year                                    –              1,235               1,235


   At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                   –              3,541               3,541
   Depreciation charge for the year                                  145              5,998               6,143
   Transfer to property, plant and equipment                        (145)                  –               (145)


   At 31 March 2023                                                    –              9,539              9,539


   Carrying amounts


   At 31 March 2023                                                    –            13,844              13,844


   At 31 March 2022                                                    –                636                 636


   Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 17.




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

            The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                                     2023          2022
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                    358             36
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                                     186            824
            Total cash outflow for leases                                                            5,855         2,082



            For the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group leases various offices and warehouses for its operations.
            Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 to 6 years (2022: 3 years). Lease terms are negotiated on
            an individual basis and contain different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing
            the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the
            period for which the contract is enforceable. The lease does not include any option to renew for an
            additional period after the end of contractual term.


            During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group entered into new office lease. Right-of-use assets of
            HK$13,071,000 (2022: HK$265,000) , including reinstatement cost of HK$4,000,000 (2022: Nil) and lease
            liabilities of HK$9,071,000 (2022: HK$265,000) were recognised at the commencement of the lease.
            Furthermore, the Group did not recognise any right-of-use assets (2022: HK$1,123,000) and lease liabilities
            (2022: HK$1,123,000), respectively, in relation to lease modification during the year.


            For the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group leases a motor vehicle under leases expiring in 2 year
            through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a)). The lease included an option to renew the lease when all
            terms are renegotiated and include an option to purchase the motor vehicle at the end of the lease term at
            a price deemed to be a bargain purchase option. The lease does not include variable lease payments.
            During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group has fully settled the lease and the motor vehicle leased
            for own use with carrying amount of HK$397,000 is transferred to property, plant and equipment.




138   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2023




17. GOODWILL

                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Carrying amount
  At 1 April 2022                                                                                               –
  Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                                        74,691


  At 31 March 2023                                                                                        74,691


  Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purpose to the following CGUs.


  –     Reverse supply chain management business in Hong Kong (“Division A”)
  –     Environmental-related service business in Hong Kong (“Division B”)


  The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 March 2023 allocated to these CGUs are as below:


                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Division A                                                                                              53,197
  Division B                                                                                              21,494


                                                                                                          74,691


  Division A
  The recoverable amount of the Division A is determined based on a value-in-use calculation from a business
  valuation report on the Division A prepared by an independent qualified professional valuer, AP Appraisal
  Limited. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
  covering a five-year period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated
  growth rate stated below which is by reference to the forecasts based on the funds available for the Group’s
  business and does not exceed the forecasts included in industry reports. The growth rates used do not
  exceed the long-term average growth rates for the business in which the Division A operates. The cash
  flows are discounted using the discount rate stated below. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect
  specific risks relating to Division A.




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

            Division A (Continued)
            Key assumption used for the value-in-use calculations are as follows:


                                                                                                                  2023


            Growth rate                                                                                           2.5%
            Gross margin                                                                                        14.29%
            Discount rate                                                                                        20.2%

            Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on past performance and its expectation for
            market development.


            In addition to goodwill, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets (including
            allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included
            in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment assessment.


            During the year ended 31 March 2023, since the recoverable amount of Division A was larger than its
            carrying amount, the directors of the Company considered that no impairment of goodwill is needed.

            Division B
            The recoverable amount of the Division B is determined based on a value-in-use calculation from a business
            valuation report on the Division B prepared by an independent qualified professional valuer, AP Appraisal
            Limited. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
            covering a five-year period. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated
            growth rate stated below which is by reference to the forecasts based on the funds available for the Group’s
            business and does not exceed the forecasts included in industry reports. The growth rates used do not
            exceed the long-term average growth rates for the business in which the Division B operates. The cash flows
            are discounted using the discount rate stated below. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific
            risks relating to Division B.


            Key assumption used for the value-in-use calculations are as follows:


                                                                                                                  2023


            Growth rate                                                                                           2.5%
            Gross margin                                                                                        40.07%
            Discount rate                                                                                       17.03%

            Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on past performance and its expectation for
            market development.


            During the year ended 31 March 2023, since the recoverable amount of Division B was larger than its
            carrying amount, the directors of the Company considered that no impairment of goodwill is needed.



140   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2023




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                     Licenses
                                                                                                      HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 April 2021                                                                                            –
   Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(c))                                             1,500


   At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                                     1,500


   Additions through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a))                                            4,200


   At 31 March 2023                                                                                     5,700


   Accumulated depreciation
   At 1 April 2021                                                                                            –
   Amortisation for the year                                                                               375


   At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                                       375


   Amortisation for the year                                                                             1,870


   At 31 March 2023                                                                                     2,245


   Carrying amounts


   At 31 March 2023                                                                                     3,455


   At 31 March 2022                                                                                      1,125


   Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 17.




                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                       2023                     2022
                                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


            Cost of investment in associates                                                       27,720                           –
            Additions arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36(a))                           3,979                         –
            Share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive expenses                         (1,716)                       –
            Derecognition upon step acquisition (Note 36(a))                                      (26,619)                          –


            Carrying amount                                                                           3,364                         –



            The following table contains the particulars of associates, which are unlisted corporate entities whose
            quoted market price is not available:


                                           Place of           Particulars of
                                           incorporation/     issued and paid-up
                                           registration and   capital/registered      Proportion of
            Name of associate              operation          share capital         ownership interest     Principal activity
                                                                                   31 March   31 March
                                                                                      2023         2022


            晉揚（深圳）新能源生態                    The PRC            Registered capital       40%               – Provision of data
              有限公司（“晋揚深圳”）                                      RMB2,080,000                                 destruction services


            China Resources Chun           Hong Kong          2,000,000                49%               – Provision of data
              Yang Technology Company                           ordinary shares                              destruction services
              Limited（“China Resources”）

            The associates were acquired through acquisition of subsidiary as set out in Note 36(a). Pursuant to the
            articles of association, the Group only has significant influence on these entities as the other shareholder of
            each of these entities has the enough voting power to control and operate these entities. Thus, these
            entities are accounted for as associates by the Group.




142   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2023




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

   All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial
   statements.


   (a) Summarised financial information of 晉揚深圳
        Summarised financial information of 晉揚深圳, adjusted for any differences in accounting policies, and
        reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed below:


                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


        Non-current assets                                                                                                      312
        Current assets                                                                                                       1,818
        Current liabilities                                                                                                    (60)
        Equity                                                                                                               2,070
        Revenue                                                                                                                 820
        Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                                                   (1,360)

        Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information of 晉揚深圳 to the carrying amount of
        the interest in associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


        Net assets of the associate                                                                                          2,070
        Group’s effective interest                                                                                             40%
        Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                            828


        Goodwill (Note)                                                                                                         604


        Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                             1,432

        Note: For the year ended 31 March 2023, the directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amount of 晉揚深圳 was
              higher than its carrying amount, no impairment loss on interests in associates relating to 晉揚深圳 is recognised during the
              year.




                                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023        143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

            (b) Summarised financial information of China Resources

                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                  Current assets                                                                                                         4,161
                  Current liabilities                                                                                                      (251)
                  Equity                                                                                                                 3,910
                  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                                                        (146)



                  Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information of China Resources to the carrying
                  amount of the interest in associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                  Net assets of the associate                                                                                            3,910
                  Group’s effective interest                                                                                               49%
                  Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                           1,916


                  Goodwill (Note)                                                                                                             16


                  Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                                               1,932



                  Note: For the year ended 31 March 2023, the directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amount of China
                        Resources was higher than its carrying amount, no impairment loss on interests in associates relating to China Resources is
                        recognised during the year.




144   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 March 2023




20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (“FVTOCI”)

                                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000


   Listed shares in Hong Kong, at fair value (Note (a))                                                        14,722                        –
   Unlisted investment fund in Hong Kong, at fair value (Note (b))                                             12,997                        –


                                                                                                               27,719                        –


   Notes:

   (a)      The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held for
            trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
            investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Changes in fair value are recognised in the other comprehensive income as they
            arise.

            Certain listed equity investments were sold during the year due to risk monitoring consideration. The fair value of the listed equity
            investments at the date of derecognition was HK$20,250,000 and the cumulative gain on disposal of HK$10,950,000 has been
            transferred to retained earnings.

            The fair value of the listed equity investments is measured using quoted market price available on the Stock Exchange which was a
            level 1 input in terms of HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

   (b)      The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interest in a private investment fund established in Hong Kong.
            These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company
            have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Changes in fair value are recognised in the other
            comprehensive income as they arise.



21. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                 2023                    2022
                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000


   Trade receivables – contracts with customers                                                                40,205                 50,268
  Less: loss allowance                                                                                          (2,392)                (1,098)


                                                                                                               37,813                 49,170



   The Group grants an average credit period of 30 days to its trade customers of contract works. Application
   for progress payments of contract works is made on a regular basis. The Group grants the credit period of
   30 to 60 days for its customers of its reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services
   business. Further details of the movement of impairment losses and the Group’s credit policy and credit risk
   arising from trade receivables are set out in Note 40(a).


   Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
   enhancements over these balances.



                                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023           145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      21. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

            The following is an analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) by age, presented based on the
            invoice dates:


                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


            Within 30 days                                                                23,260            49,170
            31 to 90 days                                                                   5,869                –
            91 to 120 days                                                                  7,044                –
            121 to 365 days                                                                   571                –
            Over one year but less than two years                                           1,069                –


                                                                                          37,813            49,170



      22. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


            Non-current
            Deposits                                                                        1,604                –


            Current
            Deposits                                                                        1,983           60,877
            Prepayments                                                                   15,323             9,003
            Other receivables                                                               3,836              936
            Less : loss allowance                                                            (680)               –


                                                                                          20,462            70,816


            Total                                                                         22,066            70,816




146   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023




22. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

  Included in the Group’s deposits as at 31 March 2022 were current deposits of HK$56,177,000, placed with
  an insurance company as security for the issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction
  contracts. As at 31 March 2023, such deposits were released, and during the year ended 31 March 2023,
  performance bonds were granted under the banking facilities of the Group in favour of the Group’s
  customers as security for the due performance and observance of the Group’s obligations under the
  contracts entered into between the Group and its customers for construction contracts (Note 37).


  The balances of other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group’s
  other receivables were neither past due nor impaired as at 31 March 2023 and 2022.


  As at 31 March 2023, included in other receivables are balances of HK$484,000 (2022: Nil) due from a
  related party, which is a company wholly-owned by a director of a subsidiary of the Group. The amounts are
  unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


23. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


  Contract assets arising from:
  Construction services                                                             75,782              142,392
  Less: loss allowance                                                                 (317)               (284)


                                                                                    75,465              142,108




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      23. CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)

            Construction services
            The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
            construction period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of
            significant contract assets. Additionally, the Group typically agrees one to three years retention period for
            5% of the contract sum, which is kept in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s
            entitlement to it is conditional on the Group’s work satisfactorily passing inspection.


            Movements in the gross carrying amounts of contract assets:


                                                                                                      2023         2022
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


            Balance at beginning of the year                                                   142,392           84,766
            Decrease in contract assets as a result of transferring from
              contract assets to trade receivables                                             (134,292)        (70,096)
            Increase in contract assets as a result of changing in
              measure of progress                                                                67,682         127,722


            Balance at end of the year                                                           75,782         142,392



            The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 March 2023 and 2022 is as
            follows:


                                                                                                      2023         2022
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


            Within one year                                                                      75,465         142,108




148   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2023




23. CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)

  Construction services (Continued)
  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs. The
  provision rates for the measurement of the ECLs of the contract assets are with reference to those of the
  trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The
  provision rates of contract assets are with reference to days past due of trade receivables appropriately
  grouped by similar loss pattern. The calculation reflects the probability weighted outcome, the time value of
  money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
  events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions. Further details of the Group’s credit
  risk policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out in Note 40(a).


24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

  Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand and bank balances. As at 31 March 2023, bank balances
  carry interest at prevailing market interest rates which were ranging from 0.001% to 2.58% (2022: 0.001% to
  0.6%) per annum.


  Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to a bank to secure banking facilities granted to the
  Group as a security for issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction contracts. As at 31
  March 2023, the pledged bank deposits carried an fixed interest rate of 3% per annum.


25. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES

                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000


  Trade payables                                                                                     49,788               138,820
  Retention money payables (Note)                                                                    22,661                31,033


                                                                                                     72,449               169,853


  Note: Retention monies to sub-contractors of contract works are released by the Group after the completion of maintenance period of
        the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts.




                                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023       149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      25. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

            An aging analysis of trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice dates, is as
            follows:


                                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


            Within 30 days                                                                                    23,665                86,291
            31 to 90 days                                                                                     14,933                51,047
            91 to 120 days                                                                                      2,903                   158
            121 to 365 days                                                                                     4,159                      –
            Over 365 days                                                                                       4,128                 1,324


                                                                                                              49,788               138,820



      26. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


            Accruals                                                                                            4,318                 8,213
            Other payables (Note)                                                                             26,411                    173
            Provision for contracting costs                                                                     5,110                 6,664
            Deposit received                                                                                    5,862                      3


                                                                                                              41,701                15,053



            Note:

            This includes an amount due to a director of a subsidiary of the Group amounting to HK$20,458,000 (2022: Nil). They are unsecured,
            interest-free and repayable on demand.



      27. PROMISSORY NOTE PAYABLES

            On 8 August 2022, the Company issued promissory note with a fair value of HK$41,460,000 which will
            mature in one year from the date of issuance carrying interest at 5% per annum. The directors of the
            Company considered that no derivatives were embedded in the promissory note payable and it is
            appropriate to use amortised cost to account for the promissory note payable in the consolidated
            statement of financial position. For the year ended 31 March 2023, effective interest expenses of promissory
            note of HK$1,477,000 was recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
            comprehensive income.




150   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




27. PROMISSORY NOTE PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

   On 21 March 2023, the Company and the ultimate holding company of the Company entered into the
   subscription and debt capitalisation agreement pursuant to which the parties conditionally agreed that the
   ultimate holding company shall subscribe for, and the Company shall allot and issue, 103,650,000
   capitalisation shares at the capitalisation price to settle the promissory notes. The transaction has not yet
   completed as at 31 March 2023 and has been subsequently completed on 15 May 2023.


28. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                 properties and
                                                                                                  motor vehicles
                                                                                                       leased for
                                                                                                         own use
                                                                                                  carried at cost
                                                                                                         HK$’000


   At 1 April 2021                                                                                             522


   Additions                                                                                                   265
   Lease modification                                                                                       1,123
   Interest expense                                                                                             36
   Lease payments                                                                                           (1,258)


   At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                                           688


   Additions                                                                                                9,071
   Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a))                                                7,535
   Interest expense                                                                                            358
   Lease payments                                                                                           (5,669)
   Covid-19 related rental concessions                                                                        (138)


   At 31 March 2023                                                                                        11,845




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      28. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

            The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
            the reporting period:


                                                                                                               Present
                                                                    Total minimum        Total future     value of the
                                                                               lease         interest minimum lease
                                                                          payments          expenses         payments
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


            At 31 March 2023
            Not later than one year                                           7,151               289            6,862
            Later than one year and not later than two years                  5,077                94            4,983


                                                                             12,228               383           11,845


            At 31 March 2022
            Not later than one year                                             663                 9              654
            Later than one year and not later than two years                     34                 –               34


                                                                                697                 9              688



            The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


            Current liabilities                                                                 6,862               654
            Non-current liabilities                                                             4,983                34


                                                                                              11,845                688




152   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




29. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITY

   On 25 February 2022, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with
   an independent third party pursuant to which the Group shall acquire 40% equity interest in Chun Yang, a
   company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, at a nominal consideration of approximately
   HK$25,290,000 to be settled by an allotment and issuance of 90,000,000 shares of the Company.


   Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company is obliged to complete the acquisition at a future date. Hence, a
   derivative forward contract within the scope of HKFRS 9 was entered into by the Company to acquire 40%
   equity interest in Chun Yang before the completion of the acquisition. As at 31 March 2022, fair value of the
   derivative forward contract of approximately HK$19,080,000 was recognised as a derivative financial liability
   in the consolidated statement of financial position.


   The fair value change of the derivative financial liability from the contract inception date to 31 March 2022
   of approximately HK$19,080,000 was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
   during the year ended 31 March 2022.


   On 29 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 40% equity interest in Chun Yang with a
   consideration amounted to approximately HK$42,750,000 based on the Company’s closing share price on
   29 April 2022. Since then, Chun Yang became an associate of the Group. The interest in associates is initially
   recognised at a cost of HK$27,720,000, taking into consideration settlement of the derivative financial
   liability with a fair value of HK$15,030,000. The fair value change of the derivative financial liability of
   HK$4,050,000 was recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the year
   ended 31 March 2023 accordingly.


   On 8 August 2022, the Group acquired an additional 60% equity interest of Chun Yang. After the additional
   acquisition, Chun Yang becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group and therefore, there is a deemed
   disposal of the previously held equity interest in Chun Yang at the date of acquisition. The Group
   accordingly remeasured the fair value of such previously held interest at the date of acquisition and there is
   no gain or loss arisen from this remeasurement.


30. AMOUNTS DUE TO THE ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY/AN
    ASSOCIATE

   The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      31. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES

            The component of deferred tax assets/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
            position and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                            Fair value
                                                                        adjustments on
                                                                         acquisition of
                                                                           subsidiaries     Tax losses              Total
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


            At 1 April 2021                                                           –           1,725             1,725
            Charge to profit or loss                                                  –            (550)             (550)


            At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                         –           1,175             1,175
            Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a))              (693)              –              (693)
            Credited to profit or loss (Note 11)                                   185              600               785


            At 31 March 2023                                                      (508)          1,775             1,267


            Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that utilisation of the related
            tax losses through the future taxable profits is probable. The tax losses can be utilised for offsetting future
            taxable profits of the Group.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$49,277,000 (2022:
            HK$9,918,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect
            of approximately HK$10,757,000 (2022: HK$7,121,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been
            recognised in respect of the remaining approximately HK$38,520,000 (2022: HK$2,797,000) due to the
            unpredictability of future profit streams. The unrecognised tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




154   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2023




32. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                               Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000

  Non-current assets
  Investments in subsidiaries                                                      148,179             60,140
  Property, plant and equipment                                                     14,073              7,269
  Right-of-use assets                                                                8,852                  –
  Equity instruments at fair value through other
    comprehensive income                                                            27,719                   –

                                                                                   198,823             67,409

  Current assets
  Amount due from subsidiaries                                                      54,314             88,383
  Prepayments and other receivables                                                  1,139                203
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                          3,249              8,792

                                                                                    58,702             97,378

  Current liabilities
  Accruals                                                                           3,785              1,143
  Amount due to a subsidiary                                                        13,349              5,582
  Promissory note payables                                                          42,937                  –
  Derivative financial liability                                                         –             19,080
  Lease liabilities                                                                  2,650                  –

                                                                                    62,721             25,805

  NET CURRENT (LIABILITIES)/ASSETS                                                  (4,019)            71,573

  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                            194,804            138,982

  Non-current liabilities
  Provision for reinstatement costs                                                  4,000                   –
  Lease liabilities                                                                  3,546                   –

                                                                                     7,546                   –

  NET ASSETS                                                                       187,258            138,982

  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                  33                  9,595              8,275
  Reserves                                                       33                177,663            130,707

  TOTAL EQUITY                                                                     187,258            138,982


  The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of
  directors on 23 June 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:



                    Kwok Chun Sing                                    Zhan Zhi Hao
                         Director                                       Director
                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      33. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                                       shares              Amount
                                                                                                                                          HK$’000


            Authorised:
            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
            At 1 April 2021, 31 March 2022, 1 April 2022 and 31 March 2023                                    1,500,000,000                   15,000


            Issued and fully paid:
            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
            At 1 April 2021                                                                                      800,000,000                   8,000
            Issuance of new shares (Note (a))                                                                     27,487,500                     275


            At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                                    827,487,500                   8,275


            Issuance of new shares (Note (b) and (c))                                                            132,000,000                   1,320


            At 31 March 2023                                                                                  959,487,500                     9,595

            Notes:

            (a)      On 25 February 2022, the Company issued a total of 27,487,500 ordinary shares to an independent third party as the settlement of
                     the consideration for purchase of machineries amounting to approximately HK$7,330,000.

            (b)      On 29 April 2022, the Company issued a total of 90,000,000 ordinary shares to an independent third party for the acquisition of 40%
                     equity interest in Chun Yang.

            (c)      On 29 April 2022, the Company issued a total of 42,000,000 ordinary shares to an independent third party as the consideration for
                     the acquisition of 95% equity interest in Cornerstone.




156   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




33. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

  Reserves
  Details of movements of the Group’s reserves are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
  equity on page 92.


  (i)    Share premium
         Share premium is the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the shares of the
         Company issued at a premium, less the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issue of
         the shares.


  (ii)   Capital reserve
         Capital reserve represents the aggregate of the share capital of Head Fame and investment from
         pre-IPO investors.


  (iii) Retained earnings
         Retained earnings represent the cumulative profit or loss recognised.


  (iv) Fair value reserve
         The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the equity instruments of financial assets
         measured at FVOCI at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with the
         accounting policies set out in Note 4.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      33. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

            Reserves (Continued)
            Details of movements of the Company’s reserves are set out below.


                                                                     Share    Contributed   Fair value    Accumulated
                                                                   premium        surplus     reserve          losses       Total
                                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


            At 1 April 2021                                          88,035        60,139            –          (2,009)   146,165
            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year            –              –            –         (22,513)    (22,513)
            Issuance of new shares                                    7,055             –            –               –      7,055


            At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                        95,090        60,139            –         (24,522)   130,707
            Loss for the year                                            –              –            –         (22,355)    (22,355)
            Other comprehensive income for the year – change in
               fair value through other comprehensive income
               (with nil tax effect)                                     –              –       7,931                –      7,931


            Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year            –              –       7,931          (22,355)    (14,424)


            Disposal of equity instruments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                –              –      (10,950)        10,950            –
            Shares issued for settlement
               of consideration in relation
               to acquisition of an associate                        41,850             –            –               –     41,850
            Shares issued for settlement
               of acquisition of a subsidiary                        19,530             –            –               –     19,530


            At 31 March 2023                                       156,470        60,139       (3,019)        (35,927)    177,663




158   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2023




34. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   The following list contains only the particulars of the major subsidiaries with active operations of the Group
   during the year:

                                  Place of                           Issued and fully paid
                                  incorporation        Place of      ordinary share capital/     Percentage of equity attributable to
   Name of subsidiary             establishment        operation     registered capital                    the Company                           Principal activities
                                                                                                  2023                       2022
                                                                                               Direct    Indirect        Direct       Indirect


   Century Success Limited        British Virgin Islands Hong Kong   US$300                    100%              –         100%             –    Investment holding

   Head Fame Company Limited      Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$500,000                     –        100%              –        100%     Provision of superstructure
                                                                                                                                                   building and RMAA works
                                                                                                                                                   service as a main contractor

   Chun Yang International (HK)   Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$10,000                 100%              –             –            –    Provision of reverse supply
     Company Limited                                                                                                                               chain management and
                                                                                                                                                   environmental-related
                                                                                                                                                   services

   Cornerstone Energy Limited     Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$10,000                  95%              –             –            –    Provision of technology for
                                                                                                                                                   recycling retired EV batteries


   Builders Company Limited       Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$300,000                     –        100%              –        100%     Provision of EV charging and
                                                                                                                                                   electrical works




                                                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023                               159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      35. LEASE COMMITMENTS

            Group as lessee
            Future lease payments are recognised as lease liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position
            except for short-term leases and low-value assets, in accordance with the policies set out in Note 4, and the
            details regarding the Group’s future lease payments are disclosed in Note 28.


            The commitments for minimum leases payments in relation to the leases that account for short-term lease
            are shown below.


            The Group leases office premises which run for less than one year and simplified accounting is applied to
            short-term leases. The total future minimum lease payments payable by the Group under non-cancellable
            short-term leases are as follows:


                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


            Within one year                                                                           –                50



      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

            (a) Acquisition of Chun Yang
                  As set out in Note 29, the Group held 40% equity interest in Chun Yang since 29 April 2022 (the
                  “Existing Shareholding”).


                  Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 15 July 2022, the Company entered
                  into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party, pursuant to which the vendor
                  agreed to sell and the Company agreed to purchase a further 60% equity interests of Chun Yang.


                  On 8 August 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 60% of equity interest of Chun Yang for a
                  consideration of HK$41,460,000 which was settled by the way of the issue of the promissory notes in
                  the aggregate principal amount of HK$41,460,000, bearing an interest of 5% per annum and due
                  within one year by the Company to the vendor.


                  On 21 March 2023, the Company and the ultimate holding company of the Company entered into the
                  subscription and debt capitalisation agreement pursuant to which the parties conditionally agreed that
                  the ultimate holding company shall subscribe for, and the Company shall allot and issue, 103,650,000
                  capitalisation shares at the capitalisation price to settle the promissory notes. The transaction has not
                  yet completed as at 31 March 2023 and has been subsequently completed on 15 May 2023.


                  Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$130,000 are expensed and are included in
                  administrative and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2023.



160   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2023




36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   (a) Acquisition of Chun Yang (Continued)
      The relative fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
      is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                           HK$’000


      Consideration

      Promissory note payables as at issue date                                                              41,460
      Fair value of the Existing Shareholding                                                                26,619


      Total consideration                                                                                    68,079


                                                                   Chun Yang
                                                             carrying amount
                                                                       before        Fair value
                                                                 combination        adjustment            Fair value
                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000


      Plant and equipment                                              12,593                                12,593
      Right-of-use assets                                               6,677                                 6,677
      Intangible assets                                                     –              4,200              4,200
      Deposits                                                          1,561                                 1,561
      Interests in associates                                           3,979                                 3,979
      Other receivable, deposits and prepayments                        7,149                                 7,149
      Trade receivables                                                 3,395                                 3,395
      Inventories                                                         177                                   177
      Cash and cash equivalents                                        15,605                                15,605
      Accrued expenses and other payables                             (25,326)                              (25,326)
      Trade payables                                                   (2,883)                               (2,883)
      Lease liabilities                                                (7,535)                               (7,535)
      Bank and other borrowings                                        (4,017)                               (4,017)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                              –               (693)              (693)


      Total identified net assets at fair value                       11,375               3,507             14,882


      Goodwill arising on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                        53,197


      Total consideration                                                                                    68,079


      Net cash inflow of cash and cash equivalents include
       in cash flows from investing activities
      Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                            15,605


                                                                                                             15,605




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

            (a) Acquisition of Chun Yang (Continued)
                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                  Consideration transferred                                                                        68,079
                  Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                 (14,882)


                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:                                                                  53,197


                  Goodwill is arisen in the acquisition of Chun Yang. The consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue of growth,
                  future market development and the assembled workforce of Chun Yang. These benefits are not
                  recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                  intangible assets.


                  None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


                  Included in the loss for the year is HK$17,793,000 attributable to the additional business contributed
                  by Chun Yang. Revenue for the year includes HK$10,795,000 generated from Chun Yang.


                  Had the acquisition of Chun Yang been completed on 1 April 2022, revenue for the year of the Group
                  would have been HK$17,173,000, and loss for the year would have been HK$20,031,000. The pro forma
                  information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results
                  of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                  completed on 1 April 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.




162   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2023




36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   (b) Acquisition of Cornerstone
      Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 25 February 2022, the Company
      entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent vendor, pursuant to which the
      vendor agreed to sell and the Company agreed to purchase 95% equity interests of Cornerstone.


      On 29 April 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 95% of equity interest of Cornerstone for a
      consideration settled by the allotment and issue of 42,000,000 new shares of the Company to the
      vendor, which amounted to approximately HK$19,950,000 based on the Company’s closing share price
      on 29 April 2022.


      Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$50,000 are expensed and are included in administrative
      and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2023.


      The relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is analysed as
      follows:


                                                                                                        HK$’000


      Consideration

      Fair value of 42,000,000 shares at HK$0.475 each issued at the acquisition date                     19,950


                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                       HK$’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              599
      Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                 (2,224)


      Total identified net liabilities at fair value                                                      (1,625)


      Non-controlling interest                                                                                81
      Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries                                                     21,494


      Total consideration                                                                                 19,950


      Net cash inflow of cash and cash equivalents include in cash flows from
       investing activities
      Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                            599


                                                                                                             599




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

            (b) Acquisition of Cornerstone (Continued)
                  The non-controlling interests (5%) in Cornerstone recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                  reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Cornerstone and
                  amounted to HK$81,000.


                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                               HK$’000


                  Consideration transferred                                                                         19,950
                  Add: recognised amounts of net liabilities acquired                                                1,625
                  Less: non-controlling interests                                                                      (81)


                  Goodwill arising on acquisition:                                                                  21,494


                  Goodwill is arisen in the acquisition of Cornerstone. The consideration paid for the combination
                  effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue of growth,
                  future market development and the assembled workforce of Cornerstone. These benefits are not
                  recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                  intangible assets.


                  None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


                  Included in the profit for the year is HK$240,000 attributable to the additional business generated by
                  Cornerstone. Revenue for the year includes HK$7,220,000 generated from Cornerstone.


                  Had the acquisition of Cornerstone been completed on 1 April 2022, revenue for the year of the
                  Group would have been HK$7,679,000, and profit for the year would have been HK$10,000. The pro
                  forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and
                  results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been
                  completed on 1 April 2022, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.




164   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   (c) Acquisition of Builders Company Limited
      On 3 September 2021, Acquire Success Limited (“ASL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
      entered into a sale and purchase agreement with two individual vendors, pursuant to which the
      vendors agreed to sell and ASL agreed to purchase all the issued shares of Builders Company Limited
      (the “Target Company”).


      On 30 September 2021, the Group completed the acquisition (the “Acquisition”) of 100% of equity
      interest of the Target Company for a cash consideration of HK$1,500,000. The Target Company is
      currently registered as a registered general building contractor with the Buildings Department, with a
      qualified individual acting as an authorised signatory.


      The Acquisition was accounted for as asset acquisition, rather than as business combination, given
      that substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single
      identifiable asset (i.e. construction license). Accordingly, the Company identified and recognised the
      individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The investment cost shall be allocated
      to the individual identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
      acquisition. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill.


      The relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is analysed as
      follows:


                                                                                                           HK$’000


      Total consideration of the Acquisition                                                                  1,500


      Asset
        Intangible asset                                                                                      1,500


      Total identifiable net asset acquired                                                                   1,500




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      37. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

            Performance bonds
            As at 31 March 2023, performance bonds of HK$42,180,000 (2022: Nil) were given by banks in favour of the
            Group’s customers as security for the due performance and observance of the Group’s obligations under
            the contracts entered into between the Group and its customers. If the Group fails to provide satisfactory
            performance to its customers to whom performance bonds have been given, such customers may demand
            the banks to pay to them the sum or sum stipulated in such demand. The Group will become liable to
            compensate such banks accordingly. The performance bonds will be released upon completion of the
            contract works. The performance bonds were granted under the banking facilities of the Group which were
            secured by assets as set out in Note 24.


            Management of the Group do not consider it is probable that a claim will be made against the Group in
            respect of the above performance bonds.


            Litigation
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group was a defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential
            claims relating to employee’s compensation cases and personal injury claims. In the opinion of the
            directors, the possibility of any outflow of resources in settling these claims is remote and accordingly no
            provision for liabilities in respect of these litigations is necessary.


      38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Key management personnel remuneration represents emoluments paid to the directors of the Company as
            set out in Note 12.


      39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (a) Significant non-cash transactions
                  During the year ended 31 March 2023, the consideration for the acquisition of 40% equity interest in
                  Chun Yang and the consideration for the acquisition of 95% equity interest in Cornerstone are settled
                  by issuing of 90,000,000 and 42,000,000 shares of the Company respectively.

                  During the year ended 31 March 2022, addition of property, plant and equipment of approximately
                  HK$7,330,000 were settled by issuing 27,487,500 new shares of the Company.




166   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2023




39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    (CONTINUED)
  (b) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                      Amounts
                                                     due to the
                                                       ultimate
                                                        holding          Lease           Bank
                                                      company        liabilities   borrowings            Total
                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                      (Note 30)      (Note 28)


      At 1 April 2021                                         –            522               –            522

      Interest paid                                           –             (36)             –             (36)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                         –          (1,222)             –          (1,222)


      Total changes from financing cash flows                 –          (1,258)             –          (1,258)

      Other changes:
      Lease modification                                      –          1,123               –           1,123
      Lease additions                                         –            265               –             265
      Interest expenses                                       –             36               –              36


      At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                       –            688               –            688

      Interest paid                                           –            (358)           (66)           (424)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                         –          (5,311)             –          (5,311)
      Repayments of bank borrowings                           –               –         (4,017)         (4,017)
      Repayments of amount due to the ultimate
        holdings company                                 (4,839)              –              –          (4,839)


      Total changes from financing cash flows            (4,839)         (5,669)        (4,083)        (14,591)

      Other changes:
      Lease additions                                         –          9,071               –          9,071
      Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary       10,509          7,535           4,017         22,061
      Covid-19 related rent concessions                       –           (138)              –           (138)
      Interest expenses                                       –            358              66            424


      At 31 March 2023                                   5,670         11,845                –         17,515




                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

            The Group’s principal financial assets are trade receivables, contract assets, deposits and other receivables,
            cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits that derive directly from its operations. Principal
            financial liabilities of the Group include trade and retention money payables, accruals and other payables,
            promissory note payables, amounts due to the ultimate holding company/an associate and lease liabilities.
            The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations.


            The Group has not issued and does not hold any financial instruments for trading purposes at the end of
            each of the reporting period. The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk,
            liquidity risk, equity price risk and interest rate risk.


            The Group’s financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate resources are available to
            manage the above risks and to create value for its shareholders.


            (a) Credit risk
                  Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its
                  obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The
                  Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from granting credit to customers in the ordinary course
                  of its business.


                  The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identifies either
                  individually or by group, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Group’s
                  policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties.


                  The Group has rebutted the presumption that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
                  90 days past due as the directors of the Company are of the opinion that the balances are still
                  considered recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationship and good repayment record from
                  these customers, if the Group has also assessed that there is no significant increase in credit risk since
                  initial recognition, twelve-month expected credit loss is recognised.


                  The Group was exposed to the concentration on of credit risk as at 31 March 2023 on trade
                  receivables and contract assets. As at 31 March 2023, approximately 41% (2022: approximately 41%)
                  and approximately 86% (2022: approximately 93%) of the total trade receivables and contract assets
                  was due from the largest and top five largest debtors respectively. Further quantitative data in respect
                  of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed
                  in Notes 21 and 23 respectively.




168   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
      The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


      Internal credit                                                  Trade receivables           Other financial
      rating            Description                                  and contract assets                      assets


      Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of             Lifetime ECL – not     12-month ECL – not
                          default and does not have any                 credit – impaired         credit – impaired
                          past-due amounts


      Doubtful          There have been significant increases          Lifetime ECL – not       Lifetime ECL – not
                          in credit risk since initial recognition      credit – impaired         credit – impaired
                          through information developed
                          internally or external resources


      Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset             Lifetime ECL –            Lifetime ECL –
                          is credit-impaired                            credit – impaired         credit – impaired


      Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the        Amount is written off Amount is written off
                          debtor is in severe financial
                          difficulty and the Group has no
                          realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                  ECL assessment:


                                                                                                                    Gross carrying amount
                                                        Internal credit rating   12-month or lifetime ECL                2023              2022
                                                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


                  Financial assets at amortised cost


                  Trade receivables (Note 21)           (Note (i))               Lifetime ECL (collective              39,205            49,268
                                                                                    assessment)
                                                        Loss                     Lifetime ECL –                          1,000            1,000
                                                                                    credit-impaired


                                                                                                                       40,205            50,268


                  Deposits and other receivables        Low risk                 12-month ECL – not                      7,423           61,813
                        (Note 22)                                                   credit-impaired


                  Contract assets (Note 23)             (Note (i))               Lifetime ECL (collective              75,782           142,392
                                                                                    assessment)


                  Cash and cash equivalents             Low risk                 12-month ECL – not                    70,745            87,200
                        (Note 24)                                                   credit-impaired


                  Pledged bank deposits                 Low risk                 12-month ECL – not                    17,180                  –
                        (Note 24)                                                   credit-impaired



                  Note:

                  (i)      For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss
                           allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for the trade receivables with credit-impaired, the Group determines the ECL on these
                           items on a collective basis.




170   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2023




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
     Trade receivables and contract assets
      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to
      lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix through grouping of various debtors that
      have similar loss patterns, after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, aging, repayment
      history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on
      historical observed default rates over the past five years and are adjusted for reasonable and
      supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue costs or effort. In addition,
      management measures ECL individually for trade receivables and contract assets that are
      credit-impaired. In this regard, the Directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
      significantly reduced.


      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group provided impairment allowance for contract assets
      and trade receivables of approximately HK$33,000 and approximately HK$1,294,000, respectively
      (2022: impairment allowance for contract assets of approximately HK$115,000 and loss allowance for
      trade receivables of approximately HK$930,000, respectively).


      The Group writes off a trade receivable and contract assets when there is information indicating that
      the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the
      debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.


     Other receivables and deposits
      The management of the Group regularly reviews and assesses the credit quality of the counterparties.
      During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group provided impairment allowance for other receivables
      of approximately HK$680,000 (2022: Nil). The Group uses 12-month ECL to assess the loss allowance
      of the remaining other receivables and deposits since these receivables are not past due and there
      has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


     Cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits
      The credit risks on cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits are limited because the
      counterparties are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating
      agencies.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables and
                  contract assets.


                                                                               Trade             Trade       Contract
                                                                         receivables       receivables         assets
                                                                            (Lifetime        (Lifetime       (Lifetime
                                                                               ECL –             ECL –          ECL –
                                                                          not credit            credit      not credit
                                                                           impaired)         impaired)      impaired)
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


                  At 1 April 2021                                                  18              150            169
                  Impairment losses recognised                                     80              850            115


                  As at 31 March 2022                                              98            1,000            284
                  Impairment losses recognised                                  1,294                 –            33


                  As at 31 March 2023                                          1,392             1,000            317


                  Average loss rate
                  At 31 March 2023                                            3.55%              100%          0.42%


                  At 31 March 2022                                             0.20%             100%           0.20%


                  The expected loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                  life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                  cost or effort. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade
                  receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the loss rates for
                  trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.




172   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
      The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables and
      contract assets as at 31 March 2023 and 2022 within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).


      At 31 March 2023


                                                 Gross                                                      Net
                                              carrying          Average                Loss           carrying
                                               amount          loss rate         allowance             amount
                                              HK$’000                 %           HK$’000             HK$,000


      Trade receivables and contract
        assets
        Not past due                            99,140               0.4                415             98,725
        1 to 30 days past due                    5,211               0.8                 44              5,167
        31 to 120 days past due                  7,906               2.0                160              7,746
        121 to 365 days past due                   592               3.5                 21                571
        Over 365 days past due                   2,138                50              1,069              1,069


                                              114,987                                 1,709           113,278



      At 31 March 2022


                                                 Gross                                                      Net
                                               carrying         Average                Loss            carrying
                                               amount           loss rate        allowance             amount
                                               HK$’000                 %           HK$’000             HK$’000


      Trade receivables and contract
        assets
        Not past due                           191,660                0.2               382            191,278




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (b) Liquidity risk
                  Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with
                  its financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and
                  retention money payables, accruals and other payables, lease liabilities, promissory note payables,
                  amount due to the ultimate holding company and amount due to an associate, and also in respect of
                  its cash flow management.


                  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                  it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
                  financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. In the opinion of
                  the directors of the Company, the Group was able to comply with all covenants of the banking
                  facilities as at 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022.


                  The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group throughout the reporting period and are
                  considered to have been effective in managing liquidity risks.


                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
                  liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
                  based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both
                  interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted
                  amount is derived from interest rates at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                Total
                                                                          contractual            Within         Between
                                                           Carrying    undiscounted        one year or           one and
                                                            amount          cash flow       on demand          two years
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                  At 31 March 2023
                  Trade and retention money
                     payables                                72,449           72,449            72,449                   –
                  Accruals and other payables                41,701           41,701            41,701                   –
                  Lease liabilities                          11,845           12,228              7,151             5,077
                  Promissory note payables                   42,937           43,533            43,533                   –
                  Amount due to the ultimate
                     holding company                          5,670             5,670             5,670                  –
                  Amount due to an associate                     67                67                67                  –


                                                           174,669           175,648           170,571              5,077




174   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2023




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)


                                                                  Total
                                                            contractual              Within          Between
                                              Carrying    undiscounted           one year or          one and
                                               amount         cash flow       on demand             two years
                                              HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000


      At 31 March 2022
      Trade and retention money
        payables                               169,853          169,853             169,853                   –
      Accruals and other payables               15,053           15,053              15,053                   –
      Lease liabilities                            688                697               663                 34


                                               185,594          185,603             185,569                 34



  (c) Equity price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from listed equity investments and unlisted
      investment fund classified as equity instrument at FVTOCI (see Note 20).


      The Group’s listed equity investments are listed on recognised stock exchanges. Listed equity
      investments held in the portfolio have been chosen based on their longer term growth potential and
      are monitored regularly for performance against expectations.




                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (c) Equity price risk (Continued)
                  As at 31 March 2023 it is estimated that an increase/decrease of 10% in the relevant stock market
                  index (for listed equity investments) and fair value of unlisted investment, with all other variables held
                  constant, would have (decreased)/increased the Group’s other components of consolidated equity as
                  follows:


                                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                                                Effect on
                                                                                                                    other
                                                                                                             components
                                                                                                                of equity
                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                  Change in the relevant equity price risk variable:
                  Increase                                                                          10%             2,772
                  Decrease                                                                          10%            (2,772)



                  The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s other components of
                  consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the changes in the stock market index or fair value
                  had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial
                  instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting
                  period. It is assumed that the fair values of the Group’s listed investments would change in
                  accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index, that none of the
                  Group’s listed investments would be considered impaired as a result of the decrease in the relevant
                  stock market index, and that all other variables remain constant. It is also assumed that the fair values
                  of the Group’s unlisted investment would change in accordance with the market value, that none of
                  the Group’s unlisted investments would be considered impaired as a result of the decrease in market
                  value, and that all other variables remain constant.


            (d) Interest rate risk
                  The Group has significant bank deposits with floating interest rate which are exposed to cash flow
                  interest rate risk. During the year, the Group has not hedged its cash flow and fair value interest rate
                  risks. The Directors consider the Group’s exposure to cash flow interest rate risk on the bank deposits
                  is insignificant as most deposits bear variable interest rates which have not significantly fluctuated in
                  recent years.


                  Sensitivity analysis on bank deposits is not presented as the Director consider that the Group’s
                  exposure to interest rate fluctuations on bank deposits is insignificant.




176   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2023




41. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

  The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
  concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an
  optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth. The
  Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future
  capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns. As part of this review, the
  directors of the Group consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based
  on the recommendations of the Group, the Group will balance its overall capital structure, through issue of
  new share as well as issue of new debts.


42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
  transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value
  measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels, based on the inputs to valuation
  techniques used to measure fair value:


  Level 1 inputs: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
  can access at the measurement date.


  Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
  liability, either directly or indirectly.


  Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


  The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of
  the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


  The directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial instruments measured at amortised cost at 31
  March 2023 and 2022 were approximate to their fair values on the grounds that either their maturity periods
  are short or their effective interest rates were approximate to the relevant discount rates.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

            The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments measured at fair value. The classification is
            based on the degree to which the key inputs used in the fair value measurements are observable and the
            significance of adjustments to the key inputs used in the fair value measurements.


                                                                                 Fair value measurement as at
                                                                                31 March 2023 categorised into
                                                            Fair value at
            Financial assets                              31 March 2023       Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


            Equipment instruments at FVTOCI
            Equity security, listed                               14,722       14,722                  –                 –
            Investment fund, unlisted                             12,997            –                  –           12,997



                                                                                  Fair value measurement as at
                                                                                 31 March 2022 categorised into
                                                             Fair value at
            Financial liability                            31 March 2022       Level 1            Level 2          Level 3
                                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000


            Derivative financial liability – forward
              contract                                             19,080           –                  –            19,080




178   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023




42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

  Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance of financial instruments classified as level 3 fair value
  hierarchy is provided as follows:


                                                                                                       HK$’000


  Derivative financial liability – forward contract
  At 1 April 2021                                                                                              –
  Change in fair value                                                                                   19,080


  At 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                                      19,080
  Change in fair value                                                                                   (4,050)
  Derecognised upon completion of acquisition of an associate (Note 29)                                 (15,030)


  At 31 March 2023                                                                                             –


  Equity instruments at FVTOCI – investment fund, unlisted
  At 1 April 2021, 31 March 2022 and 1 April 2022                                                              –
  Additions                                                                                              20,000
  Change in fair value                                                                                   (7,003)


  At 31 March 2023                                                                                       12,997




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2023




      42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

            Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques
            and inputs used in fair value measurements:
            The Group’s chief financial officer is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
            required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair value measurements. The chief financial
            officer reports directly to the Board of Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
            processes and results are held between the chief financial officer and the Board of Directors at least twice a
            year.


            For level 3 fair value measurements, the Group will normally engage external valuation experts with the
            recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.

                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                                                   As at
                                           Valuation            Significant                                   31 March
            Description                    technique            unobservable inputs                                2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000


            Derivative financial liability Income approach      Revenue growth rates and discount rate in     N/A (2022:
             – forward contract                                  deriving the fair value of Chun Yang         HK$19,080)

            Investment funds,              Adjusted net asset   Book value of assets and liabilities of           12,997
              unlisted                      approach             the investees adjusted to their fair value




180   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2023




43. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY
    CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities as at the end of the
   reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


   Financial assets measured at FVTOCI                                                   27,719                     –


   Financial assets measured at amortised cost
   Trade receivables                                                                     37,813               49,170
   Deposits and other receivables                                                         6,743               61,813
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                             70,745               87,200
   Pledged bank deposits                                                                 17,180                    –


                                                                                        132,481              198,183


   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   Trade and retention money payables                                                    72,449              169,853
   Accruals and other payables                                                           41,701               15,053
   Lease liabilities                                                                     11,845                  688
   Promissory note payables                                                              42,937                    –
   Amounts due to the ultimate holding company                                            5,670                    –
   Amounts due to an associate                                                               67                    –


                                                                                        174,669              185,594


   Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL
   Derivative financial liability                                                               –             19,080



44. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the directors on 23 June
   2023.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023   181
      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
      as extracted from the published annual report and audited financial statements, is set out below:


      RESULTS

                                                                                      Year ended 31 March
                                                                 2023               2022               2021        2020        2019
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                                401,352            591,900              210,660    283,148     425,773


      (Loss)/profit before tax                                (38,838)           (18,841)            (14,064)       (935)    22,383
      Income tax credit/(expense)                                  785               (550)             1,750      (1,116)     (5,559)


      (Loss)/profit for the year                              (38,053)           (19,391)            (12,314)     (2,051)    16,824


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                   (38,065)           (19,391)            (12,314)     (2,051)    16,824
      Non-controlling interests                                     12                  –                  –           –           –


                                                              (38,053)           (19,391)            (12,314)     (2,051)    16,824



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TOTAL EQUITY
                                                                                             At 31 March
                                                                 2023               2022               2021        2020        2019
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                           367,570            360,570              234,153    284,952     298,567
      Total liabilities                                     (179,177)           (204,674)            (66,196)    (96,681)   (108,245)


      NET ASSETS                                             188,393            155,896              167,957    188,271     190,322


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                188,462            155,896              167,957    188,271     190,322
      TOTAL EQUITY                                           188,393            155,896              167,957    188,271     190,322



      Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




182   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2023
