                                                                          CONTENTS


CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                               2


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                4


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                5


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  7


BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                 13


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                            18


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                        30


ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                          43


INDEPENDENT AUDTIOR’S REPORT                                                                       77


AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                 82


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                   83


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                    84


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                           85


    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 87


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                      138




                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                 HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
                                                        AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
     Executive Directors                                BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
                                                        Offices F & G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                        No.3 Tai Yau Street
                                                        San Po Kong
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                        Kowloon
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                         Hong Kong
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
     Mr. Wan Simon
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                    71 Fort Street
                                                        P.O. Box 500
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (Chairman)                   George Town,
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                         Grand Cayman KY1-1106
     Mr. Wan Simon                                      Cayman Islands


     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                             PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Mr. Wan Simon (Chairman)                           The Bank of East Asia, Limited
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                  G/F, Kalok Building
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                              720-722 Nathan Road
                                                        Mongkok
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                               Kowloon
                                                        Hong Kong
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
     Mr. Wan Simon                                      Corporation Limited
                                                        HSBC Main Building
                                                        1 Queen’s Road Central
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                  Central
                                                        Hong Kong
     Mr. Wong Chi Chui

                                                        Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                         Hong Kong Branch
                                                        20 Pedder Street
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong                                  Central
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                  Hong Kong




2   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                           CORPORATE INFORMATION


Industrial and Commercial Bank of          COMPANY’S WEBSITE
China (Asia) Limited
34/F, ICBC Tower                           www.headfame.com.hk
3 Garden Road                              (the content of which do not form part of this report)
Central
Hong Kong
                                           STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISER                              1783

As to Hong Kong Law
Guantao & Chow Solicitors and Notaries
Suites 1801-03
18/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong


AUDITOR

BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
25th Floor, Wing On Centre
111 Connaught Road Central
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE
CAYMAN ISLANDS

Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited
71 Fort Street
P.O. Box 500
George Town
Grand Cayman, KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
Level 54, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong



                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                              2021           2020
                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000


     Revenue                                              210,660         283,148
     Loss before income tax credit/(expense)               (14,064)           (935)
     Loss attributable to owners of the Company            (12,314)         (2,051)
     Loss per share
        – basic and diluted (HK cent)                   (1.54 cents)   (0.26 cents)




4   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”), I hereby present to you the annual report of the
Company for the year ended 31 March 2021.


OVERVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition
(“RMAA”) works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong.


Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure.


The Group reported a net loss of approximately HK$12.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2021, increased by
approximately HK$10.2 million, compared to that of approximately HK$2.1 million for the year ended 31 March
2020. The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to the following combined effect of:


(i)    decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 substantially due to
       (a) certain on-going projects were at their ending phase while the relevant revenues had already been
       recognised in prior years which resulted in reduction in revenue contributions; (b) there were three
       projects for superstructure building works had been newly awarded which were still at preliminary stage;
       (c) there were three newly awarded projects for the RMAA works with the total contract amounts of only
       approximately HK$0.2 million contributed during the year ended 31 March 2021; and (d) an amount HK$2.0
       million was incurred for a project due to unforeseeable additional works which resulted in reduction in
       revenue contribution; and


(ii)   decrease in gross profit margin due to certain service costs have been incurred in the variation order
       works of certain works done from construction projects, which are still pending the formal contracts or
       agreements to be endorsed by customers, resulting in gross loss for the year ended 31 March 2021.


GOING FORWARD

The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic in January 2020 has severely buffeted
the Hong Kong’s business and investment environment and the construction industry of Hong Kong has no
exceptions. Coupled with the impacts of the Sino-U.S. trade tensions, the prospects of the investment in
the construction industry have been dimming with uncertain economic conditions. Therefore, the Board has
considered and estimated that the Group’s profit and profit margin will be significantly affected due to the
significant reduction in the number of projects available for tender under fierce competitions.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     During the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group was successfully
     awarded several sizeable building construction contracts and it is expected to contribute revenue in second
     half of 2021. Facing the uncertain economic outlook, the Group is still cautiously optimistic in maintaining the
     Group’s construction business and competitiveness in the future.


     Looking ahead, the Group will continue to monitor the situations of the pandemic and assess the overall impacts
     of the pandemic towards the Group’s businesses in both superstructure building works and RMAA works. In
     addition, the Group will endevaour on applying its core competencies to raise customer satisfactions, in order
     to ensure sustainable growth and profitability of the Group. The Board is confident and cautiously optimistic
     that, with the foreseeable robust post-pandemic economic recovery, the economic conditions of Hong Kong
     and the construction industry in Hong Kong will resume back on track step by step. We continue to be exploring
     the potential business developments of other construction sectors and investment opportunities to diversify the
     Group’s risk profile and expand the profit base for the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”).


     APPRECIATION

     On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to all the stakeholders, including but not limited to
     customers, suppliers, banks, business partners and shareholders of the Group for their continuous support, as
     well as the management team and the employees of the Group for their invaluable services and contributions.




     Chan Kam Tong
     Chairman


     Hong Kong, 23 June 2021




6   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activities of the Group are the provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service as a
main contractor in Hong Kong.

Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure.

The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to approximately HK$210.7 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$72.4 million, or 25.6% compared to approximately HK$283.1
million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The decrease in total revenue was mainly attributable to decrease
from superstructure building work of approximately HK$50.2 million and RMAA works of approximately HK$22.2
million, respectively.

Superstructure building works
During the year ended 31 March 2021, there were 6 (2020: 5) superstructure building works projects contributing
revenue of approximately HK$210.2 million (2020: approximately HK$260.4 million) to this business segment.

RMAA works
During the year ended 31 March 2021, there were 3 (2020: 13) RMAA works projects contributing revenue of
approximately HK$0.5 million (2020: approximately HK$22.7 million) to this business segment. The decrease in
the number of RMAA works projects awarded was mainly due to (a) intensified competition in the industry faced
by the Group; and (b) the decrease in the number of projects which are available for tendered during the year
ended 31 March 2021.


OUTLOOK

The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in January 2020 has severely buffeted the Hong Kong’s business
and investment environment and the construction industry of Hong Kong has no exceptions. Coupled with the
impacts of the Sino-U.S. trade tensions, the prospects of the investment in the construction industry has been
dimming with uncertain economic conditions. Therefore, the Board has considered and estimated that the
Group’s profit and profit margin will be significantly affected due to the significant reduction in the number of
projects available for tender under fierce competitions.

During the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group was successfully
awarded several sizeable building construction contracts and it is expected to contribute revenue in second
half of 2021. Facing the uncertain economic outlook, the Group is still cautiously optimistic in maintaining the
Group’s construction business and competitiveness in the future.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to monitor the situations of the pandemic and assess the overall impacts
of the pandemic towards the Group’s businesses in both superstructure building works and RMAA works. In
addition, the Group will endeavour on applying its core competencies to raise customer satisfactions, in order to
ensure sustainable growth and profitability of the Group. The Board is confident and cautiously optimistic that,
with the foreseeable robust post-pandemic economic recovery, the economic conditions of Hong Kong and the
construction industry in Hong Kong will resume back on track step by step.


                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to approximately HK$210.7 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately HK$72.4 million, or 25.6% compared to approximately HK$283.1
     million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The decrease in total revenue was mainly attributable to the decrease
     in revenue from superstructure building works of approximately HK$50.2 million and the decrease in revenue
     from RMAA works of approximately HK$22.2 million. The decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the
     year ended 31 March 2021 was substantially due to (a) certain on-going projects were at their ending phase
     while the relevant revenues had already been recognised in prior years which resulted in reduction in revenue
     contributions; (b) there were three projects for superstructure building works had been newly awarded which
     a lower amount of work done were performed at preliminary stage and yet to contribute sizeable revenue;
     (c) there were only three newly awarded projects for the RMAA works with the total contract amounts of only
     approximately HK$0.2 million contributed for the year ended 31 March 2021; and (d) an amount of HK$2.0
     million was incurred for a project due to unforeseeable additional works which resulted in reduction in revenue
     contribution.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to approximately HK$3.1 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately HK$17.0 million, or approximately 84.6% compared to approximately
     HK$20.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The overall gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March
     2021 decreased to approximately 1.5% as compared to approximately 7.1% for the year ended 31 March 2020.
     Such decrease in gross profit was attributable to the decrease in the revenue of the Group and the Group’s
     gross profit margin as discussed above. The decline in gross profit margin was mainly due to certain service costs
     have been incurred in the variation order works of certain works done from construction projects, which are still
     pending the formal contracts or agreements to be endorsed by customers, resulting in gross loss for the year
     ended 31 March 2021.


     Other Income, Gains and Losses
     The other income, gains and losses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to approximately
     HK$3.4 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$1.6 million or 93.9% compared to approximately
     HK$1.8 million for the year ended 31 March 2020, which was mainly due to (i) a series of government subsidies
     in relation to COVID-19-related subsidies which was mainly for the purpose of subsidising the payrolls of
     certain businesses amid of pandemic; (ii) the one-off 25% rent concession of the office premise; while the
     abovementioned positives were offset by (iii) increase in bad debt. For the details of other income, gains and
     losses, please refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




8   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Administrative and Other Expenses
The administrative and other expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to
approximately HK$20.6 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$1.0 million or 5.1% compared
to approximately HK$19.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The increase was mainly due to the net
off effect of: (i) increase in salary and directors’ remuneration of approximately HK$1.6 million; and offset by (ii)
decrease in miscellaneous expenses of approximately HK$0.6 million.


Loss Attributable to Owners of the Company
The Group reported loss attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2021 increased by
approximately HK$10.2 million to approximately HK$12.3 million, as compared to that of approximately HK$2.1
million for the year ended 31 March 2020. The main reasons for the increase in net loss were disclosed in the
section “FINANCIAL REVIEW” above.


Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
As at 31 March 2021, the Group had a total cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$89.0 million (31
March 2020: approximately HK$109.0 million).


Current ratio (Total current assets: total current liabilities) increased from approximately 2.8 as at 31 March
2020 to approximately 3.2 as at 31 March 2021, mainly due to decrease in trade and retention money payables.
Gearing ratio was nil as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.


The capital structure of the Group consisted of equity of approximately HK$168.0 million (31 March 2020:
approximately HK$188.3 million) and debts (lease liabilities) of approximately HK$0.5 million as at 31 March 2021
(31 March 2020: approximately HK$1.8 million).


Treasury Policy
The Group adopts a prudent approach in cash management. Apart from certain debts including lease liabilities,
the Group did not have any material outstanding debts as at 31 March 2021.


Foreign Exchange Exposure
As the Group only operates in Hong Kong and all of the revenue and transactions arising from its operations
were settled in Hong Kong dollar, the Board is of the view that the Group’s foreign exchange rate risks are
insignificant during the year ended 31 March 2021.


Capital Expenditures
Total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2021 was approximately HK$0.2 million (2020:
approximately HK$0.2 million) on acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Capital expenditure was funded
by internal resources.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      Contingent Liabilities and Claims
      Save as disclosed in note 32 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group had no
      other contingent liabilities and claims as at 31 March 2021.


      Capital Commitments
      As at 31 March 2021, there were no significant capital commitments for the Group.


      Significant Investments Held, Acquisition and Disposal
      Except for investment in its subsidiaries, the Group did not hold any significant investments during the year
      ended 31 March 2021.


      There were no acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group during the
      year ended 31 March 2021.


      Charges on Assets
      As at 31 March 2021, the Group had bank facilities which were guaranteed by the Company. The Group had
      certain surety bonds being secured by certain deposits payment from a subsidiary of the Group, all of which were
      guaranteed by the Company.


      Segment Information
      Segmental information is presented for the Group as disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
      in this annual report.




10   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


USE OF NET PROCEEDS

Net proceeds from the Listing
The Company successfully listed the ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board (the
“Listing”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 22 August 2018 (the
“Listing Date”) and a total of 200,000,000 shares by way of public offer and placing at a price of HK$0.55 each
were offered for subscription. The net proceeds from the Listing (the “Net Proceeds”), after deducting the
underwriting fees, the Stock Exchange trading fee and Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy and
listing expenses in connection with the Listing, amounted to approximately HK$78.5 million. The Group intends
to apply the Net Proceeds in accordance with the proposed applications set out in the section headed “Future
Plans and Use of Proceeds” to the prospectus of the Company dated 7 August 2018 (the “Prospectus”). As at 31
March 2021, the Group had used up approximately HK$76.7 million of the Net Proceeds.


An analysis of the utilisation of the Net Proceeds from the date of Listing up to 31 March 2021 is set out below:


                                                                                                                Expected
                                                                                                              timeline for
                                                  Planned use of     Actual use of         Unutilised      full utilisation
                                                   Net Proceeds     Net Proceeds              amount                of the
                                                       stated in   up to 31 March    up to 31 March             unutilised
                                                  the Prospectus             2021                2021      Net Proceeds
                                                     HK$ million       HK$ million        HK$ million


To take out surety bonds for contracts we have
  secured or plan to secure                                 54.1              54.1                   –                N/A
To finance our upfront cost and working capital
  requirement for one superstructure building
  project awarded to us                                      9.4               9.4                   –                N/A
                                                                                                             on or before
To expand our workforce and strengthen our                                                                  31 December
  manpower resources                                         4.8               3.0                 1.8                2021
To repay bank borrowings                                    10.2              10.2                   –                N/A


                                                            78.5              76.7                 1.8


As at the date of this annual report, the unutilised Net Proceeds were placed as interest-bearing deposits with
licensed bank in Hong Kong.




                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


      The Directors regularly evaluate the Group’s business objectives and may change or modify plans against the
      changing market condition to ascertain the business growth of the Group. During the year ended 31 March 2021,
      the Directors considered that no modification of the intended use of proceeds described in the Prospectus was
      required.


      The unutilised Net Proceeds of approximately HK$1.8 million as at 31 March 2021 were planned to be used for
      expanding our workforce and strengthening our manpower resources. However, due to the delay in schedule
      of new projects, the unutilised Net Proceeds are expected to be utilised for same specific use by 31 December
      2021, subject to change in works progress of newly awarded projects.


      The expected timeline for the use of unutilised Net Proceeds is made based on the best estimation of
      the Company taking into account, among others, prevailing and future market conditions and business
      developments and need, and therefore is subject to change.


      Employees and Remuneration Policies
      As at 31 March 2021, the Group employed a total of 66 employees (including executive Directors) compared
      to a total of 62 employees as at 31 March 2020. The total salaries and related costs (including Directors’
      remuneration) for the year ended 31 March 2021 were approximately HK$30.0 million (2020: approximately
      HK$29.5 million) The remuneration package of the Group offered to our employees includes salary, bonuses
      and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group would determine each employee’s salaries based on
      their qualifications, position and seniorities. The Group has devised an annual review system to assess the
      performance of our employees, which forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises, distribution of
      bonuses and promotions.


      The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Board and recommended by the remuneration committee
      of the Company, having considered the factors such as the Group’s financial performance and the individual
      performance of the Directors, etc.


      The Company has adopted a share option scheme to provide incentive and rewards to the Directors and eligible
      employees for their contribution to the Group.




12   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chan Kam Tong（陳金棠）(“Mr. KT Chan”), aged 59, is the chairman of the Board and an executive Director.
He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive Director and appointed
as the chairman of the Board on 25 July 2018. Mr. KT Chan is the co-founder of Head Fame Company Limited
(“Head Fame”), our operating subsidiary, and has been a director of Head Fame since 22 April 2002. He is also a
director of Century Success Limited, Acquire Success Limited and Acquire Success (Hong Kong) Limited. Mr. KT
Chan is responsible for the overall strategic planning, business development, and corporate management and
sales and marketing of the Group.


Mr. KT Chan has over 35 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in 1985.
Mr. KT Chan also holds public position in the construction industry. He is currently a director of Hong Kong
General Building Contractors Association Limited and a Council Member of the Tenth Committee of Hong Kong
General Building Contractors Association.


Mr. KT Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Construction Engineering & Management from The
Queen’s University of Brighton in July 2006. He completed a long distance course and obtained an Entrepreneur
MBA Certificate for construction industry awarded by Distance Education College of Fudan University（復旦大學
網路教育學院）in September 2006.


Mr. KT Chan is the cousin of Mr. Chan Kam Ming.


Mr. Chan Kam Ming（陳金明）(“Mr. KM Chan”), aged 58, is the chief executive officer of the Company and
an executive Director. He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive
Director and appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on 25 July 2018. Mr. KM Chan is the co-
founder of Head Fame and has been a director of Head Fame since 5 February 2001. He is also a director of
Century Success Limited, Acquire Success Limited and Acquire Success (Hong Kong) Limited. Mr. KM Chan is
responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions of the
Group.


Mr. KM Chan has over 35 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in
1985. His responsibilities in the Group include formulating and determining corporate and business strategies,
making major operation decisions, monitoring the business operations, estimating the construction projects,
administrating tendering matters, as well as reviewing and approving main contracts and subcontracts.


Mr. KM Chan is the cousin of Mr. KT Chan.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent（侯穎承）(“Mr. Hau”), aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive
      Director on 24 July 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
      and nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). He is primarily responsible for
      providing independent judgement on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key
      appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


      Mr. Hau obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Laws from The University of Hong Kong in December 1994. Mr. Hau
      was admitted in August 1997 as a solicitor of the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
      and is still currently practising as a solicitor. He served as an assistant solicitor in Joseph S.C. Chan & Co.
      Solicitors from August 1997 and later served as a partner from September 2000 to May 2006. Since May 2006,
      Mr. Hau has been serving as a senior partner in Messrs. V. Hau & Chow. He is now the honorary legal advisors of
      Hong Kong Chinese Civil Servants’ Association, Hong Kong Nurses General Union and Shining Stars Foundation
      Hong Kong.


      Mr. Hau focuses his practice on commercial transactions, litigation, banking and insolvency. He has experience in
      advising on compliance matters for listed companies and handling criminal cases involving directors of a wholly-
      owned subsidiary of a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Since November 2015, Mr. Hau has been a director
      of WLS Limited, which is a subsidiary of Milan Station Holdings Limited (stock code: 1150) and is engaged in
      retailing of spa and wellness products. Mr. Hau is in charge of the business operation, cash flow and compliance
      matters for WLS Limited and assists to prepare and review the commercial documents for Milan Station Holdings
      Limited.


      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark（司徒昌）(“Mr. Szeto”), aged 51, was appointed as an independent non-executive
      Director on 24 July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
      Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgement on issues of strategy, policy,
      performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


      Mr. Szeto has over 25 years of experience in business management and investment banking. Mr. Szeto is the
      founder and chief executive officer of a telemedicine platform. Prior to this, he served as the chief executive
      officer in Glorious FX Limited where he was responsible for the group’s investment activities. Mr. Szeto has
      previously worked for several financial institutions, namely Standard Chartered Bank, Schroders, Peregrine,
      and Lehman Brothers. Mr. Szeto has participated in numerous project financing, leveraged finance, structured
      finance, private equity, and restructuring transactions. Mr. Szeto started his career with EY as an auditor.


      Mr. Szeto obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Human Biology and a Master’s Degree of MBA in
      accounting from University of Toronto in June 1990 and June 1992 respectively. He is a member of the American
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”) and the Hong Kong Society of Accountants (now known as
      Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)) since 1994.




14   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Wan Simon（溫耀祥）(“Mr. Wan”), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 24
July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and
Nomination Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgement on issues of strategy,
policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


Mr. Wan has over 26 years of experience in the sales and marketing of the building materials or interior products.
Prior to joining the Group, he worked in several companies where his role was liaising with main contractors to
execute subcontract works in each construction project, like providing technical skills and solutions to installation
works and ensuring the suitability of building materials or interior products. He served 6 years in Milliken &
Company till November 2000 with his last position as a senior territory manager. Milliken & Company operates in
a breadth of disciplines including specialty chemical, floor covering and performance materials. From May 2001
to February 2002, he worked as a project manager in Herman Miller Hong Kong Ltd., a furniture company. From
April 2003 to September 2004, he worked at Dupont Textiles & Interiors (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as
LYCRA Company Hong Kong Limited) as a regional maintenance operations manager.


Since December 2004, Mr. Wan has been working in Sebel Furniture (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as Sebel
Pty Ltd.), which is a leading manufacturer and supplier of educational and school furniture. His current position
is a regional manager, Asia and his duties are to sustain business growth through regional and local expansion
plans within key market segments through direct and channel distribution and to prepare and manage tender
packages that require additional technical knowledge during the bidding process to marginalise over potential
errors.


Mr. Wan obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Building from South Bank University in June 1992.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


      SENIOR MANAGEMENT

      Mr. Wan Sze Hok Wilson（溫士學）(“Mr. Wilson Wan”), aged 71, is a contracts manager of the Group. He joined
      the Group in January 2016 as a contracts manager of Head Fame and served as a director of Head Fame since
      22 May 2017. Mr. Wilson Wan is responsible for administering overall tender bidding, contracts including main
      contracts and subcontracts, and budget control of the project construction in the Group.


      Mr. Wilson Wan has over 41 years of experience in the construction industry. Prior to joining the Group, Mr.
      Wilson Wan had handled various types of construction activities including demolition works, piles foundation
      works, alteration and addition works, building construction, government works and historical building renovation
      in Hong Kong. He worked in Cheong Ming Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. from June 1979 to November
      1987 for his last position of that company as a site quantity surveyor. He served as quantity surveyor in Kumagai
      Gumi (Hong Kong) Limited from December 1987 to May 1990 and as a senior quantity surveyor in Wah Seng
      General Contractors Ltd. from April 1995 to August 2005. From November 2007 to October 2015, he served his
      last position in New City Construction Co., Ltd as a contracts manager and a technical director.


      Mr. Wilson Wan obtained a Higher Certificate in Building Studies from Hong Kong Polytechnic University in
      November 1988 and a Bachelor of Science Degree with a Major in Construction Management with Emphasis in
      Quantity Surveying from Pacific Western University in February 1990. He also obtained a Bachelor of Engineering
      Technology Degree and a Master of Construction Engineering and Management Degree from Griffith University
      in March 2008 and September 2005 respectively. He further graduated from City University of Hong Kong with
      the Degree of Engineering Doctorate in July 2014.


      Mr. Wilson Wan was admitted as a member of the Chartered Institute of Building and a member of the Institution
      of Civil Engineers in November 2007 and June 2008 respectively. In November 2012, Mr. Wilson Wan was elected
      as a professional member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.


      Mr. Lee Kam Meng（李金明）(“Mr. Lee”), aged 66, is a general site supervisor of the Group. He joined the
      Group in November 2015 as the supervisor of Head Fame and was promoted to be a general site supervisor. Mr.
      Lee’s duty is to manage and monitor overall site supervisions and all site activities of the Group’s projects.


      Mr. Lee has over 43 years of on-hand experience in building construction where he started his career in a
      construction company, Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Shun Shing”) in 1977. After he
      resigned from Shun Shing in December 2009, he worked as a site agent in Leung Cheung Shing Construction
      & Engineering Co., Ltd. till February 2015. Within his services in this field, he has undergone major projects
      including but not limited to casino projects in Macau, administration building of Yan Chai Hospital and Leung
      King Estate public housing.


      In addition, Mr. Lee has been a safety officer registered in Hong Kong since June 1994. He obtained a Diploma
      and a Professional Diploma in Occupational Health and Safety from Li Ka Shing Institute of Professional and
      Continuing Education, Open University of Hong Kong in November 2006 and November 2009 respectively.
      Through his working experience, he was admitted as a member of Hong Kong Institute of Construction
      Managers in September 2004.




16   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Ho Chi Lai, Johnny（何志禮）(“Mr. Ho”), aged 58, is a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ho joined the
Group in March 2006 as a project manager of Head Fame. Mr. Ho is responsible for the overall monitoring the
construction projects, cost estimating, managing the quality management system and administrating tendering
works of the Group.


Mr. Ho has over 36 years of experience in the construction and building works industry. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Ho had participated in numerous residential, commercial and ASD projects in Hong Kong. He had
served many construction companies, including but not limited to, WMKY Limited as an assistant engineer from
April 1987 to April 1988, Lee Shing Yue Construction Company Limited as a projects manager from June 1998 to
September 2000, and Hong Kong Wai Yip Building Materials Limited (now known as Hong Kong Wai Yip Building
Construction Limited) as a site agent, from September 2003 to May 2005.


Mr. Ho obtained an Honours Diploma in Civil Engineering from Hong Kong Baptist College in January 1986, a
Higher Diploma in Applied Statistics from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong in November 1992 and a Master of
Science in Engineering Management from City University of Hong Kong in November 2001. He then obtained a
Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Civil Engineering from The Queen’s University of Brighton in October 2003.


Ms. Chan Ka Po Phoebe（陳嘉寶）(“Ms. Phoebe Chan”), aged 49, is a contracts manager of the Group. She
joined the Group in December 2020 as a contracts manager of Head Fame. Ms. Phoebe Chan is responsible for
administering overall tender bidding, contracts including main contracts and subcontracts, and budget control of
the project construction in the Group.


Ms. Phoebe Chan has over 26 years of experience in the construction industry and surveying works. Prior to
joining the Group, she joined Super Strong Holdings Limited (stock code: 8262) in June 2001 as a senior quantity
surveyor and was promoted to quantity surveying manager in April 2007, with her last position of that company
as Chief Quantity surveyor in October 2018. She served as Senior Quantity Surveyor in CK Asset Holdings Limited
(stock code: 1113) from November 2018 to June 2020 and as an assistant quantity surveying manager in Wecon
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1793) from June 2020 to Dec 2020.


Ms. Phoebe Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science in Building Technology and Management degree from the
Hong Kong Polytechnic in November 1994. She was elected a Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors
in May 2006, a Professional Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors in October 2006, and became
a Registered Professional Surveyor in the Quantity Surveying Division in October 2007.


Mr. Wong Chi Chui（黃智取）(“Mr. Wong”), aged 49, is a company secretary of the Company (the “Company
Secretary”). He was appointed as the Company Secretary on 11 May 2017. He was appointed as the chief
financial officer of the Company on 25 July 2018. Mr. Wong has extensive experience in the fields of accounting,
financial management, auditing and compliance matters of listed companies.


Mr. Wong graduated from Curtin University of Technology (now known as Curtin University) with a Bachelor’s
Degree of Commerce, majoring in Accounting and Accounting Technologies. He is a member of the CPA
Australia and a member of the HKICPA.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   17
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      The Board presents its report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March
      2021.


      PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

      The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are provision of
      superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong.


      RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

      The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 are set out in the financial statements on pages 82
      to 137 of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31
      March 2021 (2020: HK1.0 cent per share).


      BUSINESS REVIEW

      A review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021 and a discussion on the Group’s
      future business development are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report.
      The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in the note 29 to the
      consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2021
      using financial key performance indicators is provided in the management discussion and analysis on pages 7
      to 12 of this annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationship with its
      key stakeholders, key risks and uncertainties and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
      significant impact on the Group are contained in the Report of the Directors on pages 18 to 29 of this annual
      report.


      ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY

      The Group strives to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s
      operation does make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group
      implements a range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with
      applicable environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which
      balances the need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


      The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
      targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
      the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
      environment and natural resources.


      Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
      such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.




18   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the year, as far as the Group is aware, there was no material breach or non-compliance with applicable
laws and regulation by the Group that has a significant impact on its business and operations.


KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group believes that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in its operations but the Group uses its
best endeavors to ensure its sufficient to mitigate the risks present in our operations and financial position.


•    Our revenue relies on successful tenders of our projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no
     guarantee that our customers will provide us with new business or that we will secure new customers;


•    The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately estimate the
     costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses;


•    The Group relies on subcontractors to help complete our contracts;


•    The Group is exposed to our customers’ credit risks and our liquidity position may be adversely affected if
     our customers fail to make payment on time or in full;


•    Our performance depends on market conditions and trends in the construction industry and in the overall
     economy and there is no assurance that if the property market in Hong Kong further deteriorates, there
     will be no material adverse impact on the Group’s operation or at all, or the Group will be able to take
     appropriate measures to minimise the adverse impact on it; and


•    The Group operates in a highly competitive market.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Directors recognises that the Group’s employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors are the keys to its
sustainable development.


Employees
The Group has maintained good relationship with its employees. The Group provides the remuneration package,
including salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to
serve the Group. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the performance of its employees,
which forms the basis of its decisions with respect to an increase in salary, distribution of bonuses and
promotions.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Customers
      The Group has established a stable customer base within the private sector. Its customers in the private sector
      include private property developers and commercial enterprises which require superstructure building and/or
      RMAA works services. The Group believes that the established working relationships with its major customers
      have enhanced its market recognition and enabled the Group to attract more business opportunities.


      Suppliers and subcontractors
      The Group has established long-term and close working relationships with its major suppliers and
      subcontractors, some of whom have working relationships with the Group for 10 years. The performance of
      subcontractors and the quality of superstructure building and RMAA works contracted by the Group can be
      assured by the close relationship with its subcontractors.


      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial
      years, as extracted from the published annual reports and audited financial statements of the Company for the
      year ended 31 March 2021 are set out on page 138. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
      statements.


      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021
      are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


      SHARE CAPTIAL

      Details of movements during the year ended 31 March 2021 in the share capital of the Company are set out in
      note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.


      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

      There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association (“Articles”) of
      the Company or the laws of Cayman Islands, which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis
      to the exiting Shareholders.


      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

      Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as
      at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the rules
      governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).




20   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended 31 March 2021.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2021 are set out in page 84
and note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 March 2021 are set out in note 24 to the consolidated
financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers accounted for
approximately 49.6% and 100.0% of the Group’s total turnover respectively.


For the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers which were the
subcontractors accounted for approximately 8.6% and 32.7% of the Group’s total of cost of services respectively.


None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors who
owned more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers or suppliers
during the year ended 31 March 2021.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      DIRECTORS

      The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report
      were:


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
      Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)


      Independent Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”):
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
      Mr. Wan Simon


      The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from all INEDs. The Group considers all
      INEDs to be independent under the Listing Rules.


      BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

      The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 13 to 17
      of this annual report.


      DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

      All INEDs have respectively entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of 1 year unless
      terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.


      Apart from the forgoing, no Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a
      service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within 1 year without payment of
      compensation other than statutory compensation.


      DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

      Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note
      12 to the consolidated financial statements.




22   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the Group is based on the merit, qualification and competence and are reviewed
by the Remuneration Committee periodically. The emolument of the Directors are decided by the Board after
recommendation from the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the performance of the Group and
individual performance and comparable market statistics.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or
controlling shareholders of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 March 2021.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole of any substantial part of the business
of the Group was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2021.


COMPETING INTERESTS
The Directors confirm that neither the controlling shareholders of the Company nor their respective close
associates is interested in a business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete,
directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the
Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report.


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has made an annual declaration to the Company that
during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to date of this annual report, he/it has complied with the term of
non-competition undertakings (“Non-Competition Undertakings”) given in favour of the Company. The INEDs
have also reviewed the status of compliance by each of the controlling shareholders of the Company with the
undertakings stipulated in the Non-Competition Undertakings and have confirmed that, as far as the INEDs can
ascertain, there is no breach of any of such undertakings.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021
are set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. For the year ended 31 March 2021, none of these
related party transactions are connected transaction which are subject to the disclosure requirements of Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 March 2021, there was no transactions which constituted connected transaction(s) or
continuing connected transaction(s) of the Company.



                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

      In accordance with article 191 of the Articles, the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
      out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
      about the execution of the duties of their office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
      maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the
      Directors.


      DONATIONS

      Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2021 amounted to
      HK$14,000 (2020: HK$17,000).


      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

      As at 31 March 2021, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that
      require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were
      entered into by the Company.


      SHARE OPTION SCHEME

      The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the
      Shareholders passed on 25 July 2018 are set below:


      Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
      The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to Participants (as defined below)
      for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and
      attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity.


      Participants
      Participant means any person belonging to any of following classes of participants:


      (a)   any employee (whether full time or part time employee, including any executive Directors) of the Company,
            any of its subsidiaries and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”)
            eligible;


      (b)   any non-executive Director (including INEDs) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;


      (c)   any supplier of goods or services to any member or Invested Entity;


      (d)   any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;




24   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(e)     any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of
        the Group or any Invested Entity;


(f)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by
        any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;


(g)     any adviser (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of any
        member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and


(h)     any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute, by way of joint venture,
        business alliance, other business arrangement or otherwise, to the development and growth of the Group,
        and for the purposes of the Share Option Scheme, the options may be granted to any company wholly-
        owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of Participants or any discretionary
        object of a Participant which is a discretionary trust.


Total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
The total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all options (excluding for this purposed
option(s) which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes) to
be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the
total number of the Shares in issue on the Listing Date. On the basis of 800,000,000 Shares in issue on the Listing
Date, the limit will be equivalent to 80,000,000 Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing
Date.


Maximum entitlement of each participant
No Participant shall be granted option(s) which would result in the total number of Shares already issued and to
be issued upon the exercise of all the Options granted to such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and
outstanding Options) in any 12-month period exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue, provided
that if separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Participant and his close associates (or
his associates if such Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting, the Company may make further
grant of option(s) to such Participant (the “Further Grant”) notwithstanding that the Further Grant would result
in the total number of Shares already issued and to be issued upon the exercise of all the options granted to
such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and
including the date of such Further Grant exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.


Term of subscription of shares upon exercise of the options
An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a
period to be determined by the Board absolutely, provided that such period shall not be more than 10 years from
the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted in accordance with the Share Option
Scheme.


Minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
The Board may, at its discretion, determine the minimum period for which the option has to be held before the
option can be exercised.



                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Time of acceptance and the amount payable on acceptance of the option
      Upon acceptance of an offer for grant of options, the Grantee shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as
      consideration for the grant. The options will be offered for acceptance for a period of 21 days from the date of
      the offer.


      No option was granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2021 and no options
      granted under the Share Option Scheme were exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the year ended 31 March
      2021.


      Basis of determining the subscription price
      The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme is
      determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
      as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a trading date; (ii)
      the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the
      five trading dates immediately preceding the date of grant; or (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


      The remaining life of the scheme
      The Share Option Scheme will remain effective for a period of ten years commencing from 25 July 2018 and the
      remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is about seven years.


      DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

      No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the company, or any of its holding company,
      subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director had a material interest, subsisted at the
      end of the year or at any time during the year.




26   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECTUIVE’S INTEREST AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 March 2021, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”),
which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10
of the Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                            Interest               percentage
                                                                                                         in ordinary            of interests in
Name of Directors                           Nature of interest                                                shares            the Company


Mr. KT Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                         540,000,000                      67.5%
                                                                                                              (note)

Mr. KM Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                         540,000,000                      67.5%
                                                                                                              (note)

Note:

These Shares are held by Shiny Golden Limited (“Shiny Golden”), which is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM
Chan. On 26 May 2017, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among
other things, that they are the parties acting in concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Company upon the Listing. By virtue of
the SFO, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.




                                                                                           Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021         27
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
      SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
      COMPANY

      So far as the Directors are aware, as at 31 March 2021, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
      chief executive officer of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
      which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
      3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


      Long Position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                        Total number of               Approximate
                                                                                                         ordinary shares             percentage of
                                                                                                         and underlying                 interests in
      Name of shareholders                            Nature of interest                                          shares              the Company
                                                                                                                   (Note 1)


      Shiny Golden                                    Beneficial owner (Note 2)                                540,000,000                       67.5%

      Ms. Shu Ah Ping                                 Interest of spouse (Note 3)                              540,000,000                       67.5%

      Ms. Ng Wing Mui                                 Interest of spouse (Note 4)                              540,000,000                       67.5%


      UG China Venture II Limited                     Beneficial owner (Note 5)                                 40,000,000                           5%
           (“UG”)

      UG Capital Limited                              Investment manager (Note 6)                               40,000,000                           5%

      Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                          Beneficial owner (Note 6)                                 40,000,000                           5%

      Ms. Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette                   Interest of spouse (Note 7)                               40,000,000                           5%

      Notes:

      1.       All interests stated are long positions.


      2.       Shiny Golden is the direct Shareholder, which is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM Chan. On 26 May 2017,
               Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among other things, that
               they are the parties acting in concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Group upon the Listing. By virtue of the SFO, Mr.
               KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.

      3.       Ms. Shu Ah Ping is the spouse of Mr. KT Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Shu Ah Ping is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares held by
               Mr. KT Chan under the SFO.

      4.       Ms. Ng Wing Mui is the spouse of Mr. KM Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Ng Wing Mui is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares held by
               Mr. KM Chan under the SFO.

      5.       UG is the direct Shareholder, which is legally owned as to one voting share by UG Capital Limited and 11,600 non-voting Shares by other
               independent third parties.




28   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


6.   UG Capital Limited is the investment manager of UG. UG Capital Limited is deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which UG is
     interested by virtue of the SFO. UG Capital Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas. To the best knowledge of the Directors,
     each of UG, UG Capital Limited and Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas is an independent third party.

7.   Ms. Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette is the spouse of Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas. Accordingly, Ms. Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette is deemed or taken
     to be interested in the Shares held by Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in
the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2021.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There is no material subsequent event undertaken by the Company or the Group after 31 March 2021 and up to
the date of this annual report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company’s Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 30 to 42.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by BDO Limited, who will retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for reappointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021 were approved by the
Board on 23 June 2021.




On behalf of the Board
Chan Kam Tong
Chairman


Hong Kong, 23 June 2021




                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021       29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The Company recognises the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is
      committed in achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results
      and improve its corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.


      COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

      The Company has adopted and complied with applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in the
      Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year
      ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report. The Directors will periodically review on the
      Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance
      with the Code Provisions from time to time.


      DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

      The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
      conduct of dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiry to all Directors, all
      Directors have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 March
      2021 and up to the date of this annual report.


      BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      Composition and role
      The composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report is
      set out below:


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
      Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)


      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
      Mr. Wan Simon




30   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Role and functions of the Board and management
The principal function of the Board are to formulate corporate strategy and business development and to
ensure a high standard of corporate governance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
implementing business strategy and managing day-to-day administration and operations of the Group’s business
to the chief executive officer and the senior management. Executive Directors and the senior management meet
regularly to review the performance of the business of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and
make financial and operational decisions. The Board is regularly provided with management update report to
give a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position, recent development and prospect
of the Group in sufficient details.


The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.


The biographies of the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report
and the relationships among them are set out in the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management”
section on pages 13 to 17 of this annual report. The executive Directors bring a good balance of skills and
experience to the Company. The independent non-executive Directors provide their independent judgement on
the development, performance and risk management of the Group. The Directors are fully aware that they are
individually and collectively accountable to shareholders.


Directors’ continuous professional development
During the year ended 31 March 2021, all Directors confirmed to comply with the provision of the CG Code
in relation to continuous professional development. In doing so, the Directors have undertaken various forms
of activities relevant to the Company’s business and Directors’ duties and responsibilities. The Company held
a training for all Directors to provide them with knowledge on the duties and responsibilities of the Directors
before they were on board.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The record of continuous professional development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business
      development that have been received by the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to date of
      this annual report are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                                Attending
                                                                                                            seminar(s) or
                                                                                                          programme(s)/
                                                                                                        reading relevant
                                                                                                                materials


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                                                                                      ✓

      Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                       ✓



      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                                                        ✓

      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                                                                             ✓

      Mr. Wan Simon                                                                                                     ✓


      Meetings
      Attendance records of the Board meetings, meetings of all committees and general meetings of the Company
      during the year ended 31 March 2021 and up to the date of this annual report were set out below:


                                                                       Audit Remuneration      Nomination           Annual
                                                          Board    Committee     Committee      Committee           general
                                                         meeting     meeting       meeting            meeting      meeting


      Number of meetings held                                  6           3              4                 1            1


      Name of Director                                                  Number of meetings attended


      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                           6/6        N/A             N/A               1/1           1/1
      Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)            6/6        N/A             4/4              N/A            1/1


      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                             6/6         3/3            N/A               1/1           1/1
      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                  6/6         3/3            4/4              N/A            1/1
      Mr. Wan Simon                                          6/6         3/3            4/4               1/1           1/1




32   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Pursuant to the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the
chairman and chief executive should be clearly established to ensure a balance of power and authority.


Mr. KT Chan serves as the chairman of the Board and is responsible for overall strategic planning, business
development and corporate management. Mr. KM Chan serves as the chief executive officer of the Company and
is responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has appointed three INEDs representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the INEDs in respect of his independence
in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the
view that all INEDs are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement or a
letter of appointment with the Company for a specific term and is subject to termination provisions therein and
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for
the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less
than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a
specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall
be eligible for re-election. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated
office.


In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-
election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-
election. Any Director appointed under this Article 112 shall not be taken into account in determining the
Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at an annual general meeting.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      BOARD COMMITTEES

      The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
      Remuneration Committee. The table below provides the membership information of these committees on which
      certain Board members served:


                                                                      Audit       Remuneration           Nomination
      Name of Director                                          Committee            Committee            Committee


      Mr. Chan Kam Tong                                                   –                    –                    C
      Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                                   –                   M                     –
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                         M                     –                   M
      Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                               C                   M                     –
      Mr. Wan Simon                                                      M                     C                   M

      Notes:

      C – committee chairman

      M – committee member



      Audit Committee
      The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written
      terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph C.3.3 of the CG Code. The
      Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee effective from 2 January 2019,
      which had included changes in line with the requirements under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee is
      comprised of three INEDs, namely Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark, Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon. Mr.
      Szeto Cheong Mark is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


      The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for considering all relationships between the Company and the
      auditing firm (including the provision of non-audit services), monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial
      statements and issues arising from the audit, and reviewing the Group’s internal controls and risk management.
      In addition, the Audit Committee has been delegated the responsibility to perform the corporate governance
      functions including:


      1.       Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
               requirements;


      2.       Reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
               senior management;


      3.       Developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
               employees of the Company and the Directors;




34   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.   Developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
     recommendations to the Board and reporting to the Board on such matters;


5.   Reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
     Corporate Governance Report;


6.   Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy; and


7.   Considering any other topics, as determined by the Board.


A summary of the work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2021, the Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 March 2021 and the Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2020 with the
external auditor, considered and approved the audit work of the auditors, reviewed the business and financial
performance of the Company and internal control system and risk management, and determined the policy for
corporate governance. The Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021 has been reviewed by the
Audit Committee.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules with
written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph B.1.2 of the CG Code.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee, under the principle that no Director or any of his associates
should be involved in deciding his own remuneration include, among others, making recommendations to
the Board on (a) remuneration policy and structure for all of the Directors and senior management; (b) the
establishment of a format and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (c) the remuneration
packages of the executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their offices or
appointments; and (d) the remuneration of the INEDs. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of two INEDs,
namely Mr. Wan Simon and Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Ming. Mr.
Wan Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


The Remuneration Committee held four meetings up to the date of this annual report. The Remuneration
Committee reviewed and approved the Group’s policy on salary adjustment and discretionary bonus which
applies to Directors and senior management of the Company and the policy has been set to align with
the Group’s operating performance while taking into account as salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment and responsibilities of Directors and senior management. In addition, the Company
awards discretionary bonus as performance-based bonuses and incentives at executive directors and senior
management to the achievement of strategic objectives of the Company can be measured. The discretionary
bonus plan is subject to annual review by the Remuneration Committee, depending on changes to the
Company’s objectives and strategy, the recommendation be made to the Board.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company
      under the section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


      Remuneration payment made to senior management (exclude Directors) of the Group for the year ended 31
      March 2021 and 2020 falls within the following bands:


                                                                                 Number of senior management
      Remuneration Band (HK$)                                                           2021             2020

      Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     1                    –
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                            4                    4

      Nomination Committee
      The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
      Paragraph A5.2 of the CG Code. The Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Nomination
      Committee effective from 2 January 2019. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among
      others, (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
      Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement
      the Company’s corporate strategy; (b) identifying individuals suitability qualified to become members of the
      Board and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
      directorships; (c) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (d) making recommendations to the Board on the
      appointment and succession planning for the Directors; and (e) reviewing the policy (the “Policy”) concerning
      the diversity of the Board and the measurable objectives that the Board has adopted for implementing the Policy
      and to make the relevant disclosure on the progress of achieving those objectives in the corporate governance
      report of the Company. The Nomination Committee is comprised of two INEDs, namely Mr. Hau Wing Shing
      Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Tong who is the chairman of the
      Nomination Committee.


      A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 March 2021 and
      up to the date of this annual report, the members discussed matters relating to composition of the Board and
      make recommendation thereon to the Board for consideration, the diversity of the Board, the re-election of the
      Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the recommendation of the measurable objectives that the
      Board should adopt for implementing the Policy as well as reviewing the independence of the INEDs.


      The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
      section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.




36   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy on 2 January 2019, which sets out the approach to achieve a
sustainable and balanced development of the Company and also to enhance the quality of performance of
the Company, in designing the Board’s composition, the Board’s diversity has been considered from a range
of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge to be devoted as a director. The Company will also
take into account factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate
decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board may
improve one or more diversity perspectives from time to time, and implement the upgraded measurements.
The Nomination Committee will review the policy from time to time, including conducting assessments on the
effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will also discuss any amendment that may be necessary,
and submit amendment proposals to the Board for approval.


NOMINATION POLICY

The Company has adopted nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 2 January 2019. The purpose
is to identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to the Board for appointment or to the Shareholders
for election as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall consider, among others, the following criteria in
evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships:


•    Reputation for integrity;


•    Accomplishment, experience and reputation in the relevant industry and other relevant sectors;


•    Commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company’s business;


•    Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge;


•    The ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s
     success;


•    Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the
     appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and


•    Any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Nomination Committee or the Board from time to
     time.


Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a director shall be assessed and/or considered
against the criteria and qualifications set out in the Nomination Policy by the Nomination Committee which shall
recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The Board will from time to time review the Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its
      continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


      DIVIDEND POLICY

      The Company has adopted dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 2 January 2019 in compliance with the
      Code Provision E.1.5 of the CG Code. It is the policy of the Company, in considering the payments of dividends
      and to allow Shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future
      growth of the Group.


      Under the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
      the Board shall take into account, inter alia:


      •     the general financial condition of the Group;


      •     capital and debt level of the Group;


      •     future cash requirements and availability for business operations, business strategies and future
            development needs;


      •     any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


      •     the general market conditions; and


      •     any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.


      The payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the
      Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and regulations and the Articles. The Policy will be reviewed
      by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in
      any specific periods.


      DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

      The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities against
      possibility of legal action to be taken against its Directors and officers. During the year ended 31 March 2021, no
      claim was made against the Directors and officers of the Company.




38   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial year which gives a true and fair
view of the stage of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that year. The Board is not aware
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, the Board therefore continues to adopt the going concern approach in
preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the Independent
Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is
willing to accept in reaching its strategic objectives and to ensure that the Group has established and maintained
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.


The Group’s risk management and internal control system includes the setting up of a management structure
with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group achieve its business objectives, to protect its assets
against unauthorised use or disposition, and to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the
provision of reliable financial information and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations. These systems
are also designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and
to manage rather than eliminate all risks of failure in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives.


During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Company engaged an external independent consulting firm to
assist the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of certain of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls systems. The external independent consulting firm performed annual risk management and internal
control review of all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls of the Company.
A risk management report and an internal control review report were submitted to the Audit Committee and
the Board. Any actions and measures taken to improve risk management and internal controls on the findings
and recommendations will be followed up by the external independent consulting firm. Accordingly, the Audit
Committee and the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and such
systems have been implemented with adequate resources during the year ended 31 March 2021.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Main Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
      The key elements of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems include the establishment of a
      risk register to keep track of and record identified risks, the assessment and evaluation of risks, the development
      and continuous updating of responsive procedures, and the ongoing testing of internal control procedures to
      ensure their effectiveness.


      An ongoing risk management approach is adopted by the Company for identifying and assessing the key
      inherent risks that affect the achievements of its objectives. A risk matrix is adopted to determine the risk rating
      (L = low risk, M = medium risk, H = high risk) after evaluation of the risk by the likelihood and the impact of each
      risk event. The risk ratings reflect the level of managements, attention and risk treatment effort required.


      Process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks
      During the process of risk assessment, each risk owner of departments is required to capture and identify the key
      inherent risks that affect the achievement of its objectives. Each inherent risk is evaluated according to the risk
      matrix. After taking into consideration the risk response, such as control measures in place to mitigate the risk,
      the residual risk of each risk event will be evaluated again. The risk register with the risk responses and residual
      risks is reported to the management. The management evaluates the effectiveness of the systems and report to
      the Audit Committee and the Board. The highest category of residual risks is subject to the Board’s oversight.


      PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND
      DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

      The Board has already established a policy on the internal controls procedures for the handling and
      dissemination of inside information. The policy stipulates the obligations of the Group, in respect of the
      restriction on disseminating non-public information, handling of rumours, unintentional selective disclosure,
      exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside information, and compliance and reporting procedures. Senior
      management must take all reasonable measures to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of
      any disclosure requirement from time to time, and must promptly bring any possible leakage or divulgence of
      inside information to the attention of the Company Secretary, or his delegates, who will notify the Board timely
      and accordingly for taking the appropriate action promptly. For any material violation of this policy, the Board will
      decide, or designate appropriate persons to decide the course of actions for rectifying the problem and avoiding
      recurrence. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not
      false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of
      presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative
      facts.


      AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

      During the year ended 31 March 2021, external auditor’s remuneration for annual audit services was
      approximately HK$0.5 million; and external auditor’s remuneration for non-audit service assignments was
      approximately HK$0.13 million, which represented review the Group’s interim result. The Audit Committee
      concludes that it is satisfied with the findings of its review of the audit and non-audit services fees, process and
      effectiveness, independence and objectivity.



40   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Wong Chi Chui (“Mr. Wong”), was appointed as the Company Secretary on 11 May 2017. The biographical
details of Mr. Wong are set out under the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior
Management” of this annual report. In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Wong has taken no less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the financial year ended 31 March 2021.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting
The following procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) are subject
to the Articles (as amended from time to time), and the applicable legislation and regulation, in particular the
Listing Rules (as amended from time to time):


•    Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the
     requisition not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”)
     carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
     requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
     transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months
     after the deposit of such requisition;


•    The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) and
     deposit it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Offices
     F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, and such may
     consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitions;


•    The requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their
     shareholding, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the details of the business (es) proposed to be
     transacted in the EGM, and must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned together with a
     deposit of a sum of money reasonable sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of
     the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned in accordance with
     the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders;


•    The requisition will be verified with Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company
     and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM
     by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the requirements under the Articles to all the registered
     shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order or the shareholders
     concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for the said purposes,
     the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the Board will not
     call for an EGM; and




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


      •     If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the Eligible
            Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
            incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
            Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.


      Procedure by which enquires may be put to the Board
      Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary in
      writing by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Office F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand
      Plaza, No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


      Procedure for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting
      There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for shareholders to put
      forward new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request
      the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph
      heading “How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting”.


      INVESTOR RELATIONS

      Communication with shareholders
      The Board recognises the importance of good communication with all shareholders. The Company believes that
      maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations.


      The Company has established several communication channels, including (a) the annual and extraordinary
      general meetings which provide a forum for shareholders to communicate directly with the Board; (b) printed
      corporate documents mailing to shareholders; (c) announcement disseminating the latest activities of the
      Group on the web-sites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and (d) the Company’s web-site providing an
      electronic means of communication.


      Constitutional documents
      There was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 March 2021. An up-
      to-date version of the Company’s Articles is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




42   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Company is delighted to publish the third Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) to
summarise the Group’s policies, measures and performance on the key environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) issues.


Reporting Period
This Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and social aspects from
1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021 (the “reporting period” or “2020/2021”).


Reporting Scope and Boundary
This Report discloses related policies and initiatives for the core and material business, namely provision of
superstructure building and RMAA works service in Hong Kong. There is no significant change in the scope and
boundaries of this Report from that of the ESG report for the year ended 31 March 2020 (“2019/2020”).


This Report discloses environmental key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and selected social KPIs of the
corporate office (“office”) and the representative projects (“projects” or “sites of operation”). While this
Report does not cover all of the Group’s operations, the aim of the Group is to upgrade its internal data
collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of the disclosure.


Reporting Basis and Principle
This Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (the
“ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules and on the basis of the four reporting principles –
materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency:


•    “Materiality” Principle:


     The Group determines material ESG issues by stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment. Details
     are explained in the section headed “Materiality Assessment”.


•    “Quantitative” Principle:


     Information is presented with quantitative measure, whenever feasible, including information on the
     standards, methodologies, assumptions used and provision of comparative data.


•    “Balance” Principle:


     This Report identifies the achievements and challenges faced by the Group.


•    “Consistency” Principle:


     Methodologies adopted for preparing this Report are consistent with last year, unless otherwise stated.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      This Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and reported on selected recommended
      disclosures outlined in the ESG Guide.


      The information contained herein is sourced from internal documents and statistics of the Group, as well as the
      combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries in accordance with
      the Group’s internal management systems. A complete content index is appended to the last section hereof for
      quick reference. This Report is prepared and published in both English and Chinese. In the event of contradiction
      or inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.


      INTRODUCTION

      The Group is committed to integrating ESG factors into its operations in order to create sustainable value for
      stakeholders and take up the responsibilities as a corporate citizen. To minimise the ESG risks embedded in
      the business operations, the Group maintains stringent internal control and risk management systems. We have
      implemented an integrated management system (IMS). The IMS comprises three international management
      system standards – ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and
      ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. This integrated system allows us to monitor and
      manage ESG-related risks in an organised manner. In order to establish our IMS across operations, the Group
      is required to develop a set of guidelines and all departments are held responsible for compliance. The system
      is regularly audited by both internal and external parties and the results are reviewed by the Group’s senior
      management to monitor performance and compliance.


      As we continue our sustainability journey, performance indicators and targets that are material to our business
      will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our future reports. We will continue to strengthen
      our engagement with key stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and practices, to forge a long-term
      sustainable business.


      ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

      The Board supports the Group’s commitment to fulfilling its environmental and social responsibility and has
      overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
      determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management
      and internal control systems are in place.


      The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility of the implementation to the ESG Working Group
      (the “Working Group”). The Working Group is composed of senior management and core members from
      different departments of the Group and is responsible to facilitate the adoption of ESG strategies and policies
      throughout the Group. The Working Group reports to the Board on the implementation of ESG initiatives and
      the corresponding performance.


      The Board regularly reviews the Group’s ESG performance, and examines and approves the Group’s annual ESG
      report.




44   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and success. The
stakeholder engagement helps the Group to develop a business strategy that meets the needs and expectations
of stakeholders, enhances the ability to identify risk and strengthens important relationships. The Group
communicates with its stakeholders through various channels, shown as below.


           Stakeholder                                     Communication Channel

                                  •     Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
   Government and regulatory
                                        information
            agencies
                                  •     Supervision and inspection

                                  •     Annual general meetings and other general meetings of shareholders
                                  •     Company website
   Shareholders and investors     •     Press releases/announcements
                                  •     Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
                                        information

                                  •     Training
                                  •     Meetings
            Employee
                                  •     Performance evaluation
                                  •     Survey

                                  •     Fax, email and telephone
            Customer
                                  •     Customers satisfaction survey

                                  •     Meetings
    Suppliers/Subcontractors/
                                  •     Site visit
        Business Partners
                                  •     Survey

           Community              •     ESG Reports




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

      The Group identifies issues for disclosure in the Report through internal and external materiality assessment.
      Some issues are updated to better align with the ESG Guide. By considering the dependence and influence
      on the Group of the stakeholders and the resources available for the Group, the management has identified
      key stakeholders and surveyed with them. They have expressed their opinions and recommendations on the
      sustainability issues related to the Group’s operation via a survey.


      Consolidating the results of internal assessment and the survey, the Group has compiled the materiality matrix
      (refer to the diagram below). The issues that fall within the top right-hand quadrant have relatively higher
      significance to both stakeholders and Group’s business. The Group will continue to improve its reporting process
      based on the assessment.


      Materiality Matrix


                                                                                         14                             21
                                                                                                    24
                                                                                         19         23
                                                                                         22         20




           Importance to Stakeholders
                                                               9                   15
                                                                         16                         17
                                                     13                  10
                                                     11                  6         7
                                                     12        25
                                                               18
                                                               3         4
                                                                         5
                                        2
                                        1                                8




                                                                   Importance to the Group


      1            Business ethics/anticorruption         10       Protection of customer privacy        19   Diversity and equal opportunities
                                                                   and corporate data
      2            Socioeconomic compliance               11       Waste management                      20   Greenhouse gas emissions
      3            Occupational health and safety         12       Employee retention                    21   Intellectual property rights
      4            Project and/or service quality         13       Water efficiency                      22   Environmental compliance
      5            Employee rights protection             14       Development and training              23   Marketing and labelling
      6            Prohibition of child labour            15       Responsible supplier management       24   Climate change
                   and forced labour                      16       Energy efficiency                     25   Community investment
      7            Environmental impact mitigation        17       Anti-discrimination
      8            Material consumption                   18       Air emissions
      9            Customer health and safety




46   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL

Overview
The Group endeavours to minimise any adverse impact on the environment resulting from its business activities.
The Group had implemented an environmental management system which was certified to be in compliance
with the standard required under ISO 14001:2015. Apart from following the environmental protection policies
formulated and required by customers, the Group has also established Environmental Policy to ensure proper
management of environmental protection and compliance of environmental laws and regulations by both our
employees and workers of the subcontractors on, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal.


Emissions
The Group’s sites of operation are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws and
regulations in Hong Kong such as Air Pollution Control Ordinance, Noise Control Ordinance, Water Pollution
Control Ordinance, Waste Disposal Ordinance and Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A breach
of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. The Group
ensures its compliance with relevant laws and regulations through measures described in the following sections.
During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


Air Pollutant Emissions
As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works service to
customers, there are no significant emissions from stationary sources and dust in the sites of operation.


The air pollutants are mainly emitted from the fuel consumption of mobile vehicles, including sulphur oxides
(SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and particulate matter (PM). To control the emissions from vehicles, all vehicles are
under frequent and regular checks and maintenance to ensure no energy inefficiency occurs and idling engine is
prohibited.


The air pollutant emissions recorded a slight decrease in 2020/2021, as compared to last year. It was attributable
to the decrease in diesel and petrol consumption of mobile vehicles. Going forward, the Group will continue
to monitor and record air pollutant emissions, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and
reduction plans when appropriate.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                                                  2020/2021               2019/2020
      Air Pollutant Emissions     1
                                                                                                            kg                      kg


      Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
          – Office                                                                                        4.91                    5.50
          – Projects                                                                                    16.73                    16.41
                                                                                                        21.64                    21.91


      Sulphur oxides (SOx)
          – Office                                                                                        0.11                    0.12
          – Projects                                                                                      0.05                    0.06
                                                                                                          0.16                    0.18


      Particulate matter (PM)
          – Office                                                                                        0.36                    0.40
          – Projects                                                                                      1.58                    1.55
                                                                                                          1.94                    1.95


                                                 Air Pollutant Emission By Types in kg


                                                  NOx, 21.64        SOx, 0.16        PM, 1.94

                             2020/2021

                                                  NOx, 21.91         SOx, 0.18            PM, 1.95

                             2019/2020


                                                               NOx       SOx       PM


                                                Air Pollutant Emission By Sources in kg


                                           Office, 5.38              Projects, 18.36

                             2020/2021

                                           Office, 6.02               Projects, 18.02

                             2019/2020


                                                                Office     Projects



      1      Air pollutant emissions are estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental
             KPIs” published by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. Data includes emissions incurred by mobile vehicles only.



48   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
In response to the community’s gradual concern on greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, climate changes and
other related issues, the Group has begun to monitor and report the GHG emissions annually through ESG
report.


The total GHG emissions and its intensity were 322.70 tonnes CO2-equivalent (tonnes CO2-e) and 1.53 tonnes
CO2-e per million HK$ revenue respectively in 2020/2021, which increased by 112% and 1.83% respectively,
as compared to last year. The increase in total GHG emissions were attributable to the significant increase
in electricity consumption in projects in 2020/2021, as the job nature of projects in 2020/2021 required more
electricity used by machines on sites compared to last year.


GHG Emissions2                                                                                   2020/2021                  2019/2020
                                                                                                tonnes CO2                tonnes CO2
                                                                                                 equivalent                equivalent


Scope 13
    – Office                                                                                           19.88                      22.31
    – Projects                                                                                         32.69                      12.18


Scope 1 Total                                                                                          52.57                      34.49


Scope 24
    – Office                                                                                           16.72                      21.48
    – Projects                                                                                        253.41                      96.00


Scope 2 Total                                                                                         270.13                    117.48


Total                                                                                                 322.70                    151.97
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                                      1.53                      0.54


In 2020/2021, the Group’s GHG inventory principally comprise of scope 1 and 2 emissions, similar to last year.
Scope 2 emissions account for 84% of the total GHG emissions.




2       The data is estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” published by
        the Stock Exchange.
3       Scope 1: The direct emission from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emission from the Group’s
        fossil fuel combustion.
4       Scope 2: The “indirect energy” emissions from the internal purchased electricity consumption by the Group.



                                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021      49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                    GHG Emission By Scopes in CO2-e


                                            52.57                          270.13
                             2020/2021

                                           52.57                           270.13
                                          34.49          117.48
                             2020/2021
                             2019/2020

                                          34.49          117.48
                                                               Scope1         Scope 2
                             2019/2020


      Considering the source of GHG emissions, emissions
                                                  Scope1from the projects account for 89% of the total GHG
                                                            Scope 2
      emissions in 2020/2021.
                                           36.60                  286.10
                                                   GHG Emission By Sources in CO2-e
                            2020/2021

                                           36.60                       286.10
                                            43.79        108.18
                            2020/2021
                            2019/2020

                                            43.79        108.18
                                                                  Office      Projects
                            2019/2020


                                                                  Office      Projects



      Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record GHG emissions, enhance related data collection
      system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.




50   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Hazardous or Non-hazardous Wastes Management
The Group acknowledges possible environmental impacts of waste generated during the course of its
operations such as site clearance, excavation works, and construction and fitting out works. The Group strives to
mitigate environmental impacts by adopting the right waste management strategy, prioritising avoidance and
minimisation of waste generation, reuse of materials, recovery and recycling. Measures are implemented in the
sites of operations, such as placing recycling bins to collect recyclable wastes as well as recycling and reusing
construction materials when applicable. The Group was not aware of a significant amount of hazardous wastes
generated in the sites of operation and the office.


The wastes production was 766 tonnes and its intensity was 3.63 tonnes per million HK$ revenue respectively in
2020/2021, recorded a decrease of 66% and 55%, as compared to last year.


Going forward, the Group will continue refining its wastes reduction measures and disclose relevant results where
appropriate.


Waste                                                                          2020/2021                2019/2020
                                                                                    tonnes                  tonnes


Total                                                                                   766                   2,266
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                    3.63                     8.01


Effluents
As the sites of operation involve generation of construction runoff and sewage, the Group takes appropriate
measures to avoid contamination and blockage of public drains and sewers. The wastewater treatment system
is established to remove suspended solids contained in concrete washings and site runoff. In addition, water
consumption is minimised through utilising site runoff for dust suppression. In 2020/2021, there was 2,234 cubic
meters of sewage generated by estimation.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Use of Resources
      The major use of resources of the Group includes energy, water and other construction material. Resource-saving
      is recognised as one of the key considerations in operations as stated in the Environmental Policy.


     Energy
      Energy consumption is controlled through administrative measures, such as switching off electrical appliance
      during non-business hours.


      In 2020/2021, the types of energy used by the Group comprise of diesel, petrol and electricity, similar to last year.
      The energy consumption was 606.71 megawatt-hours (MWh), recorded an increase of 103%, as compared to
      last year. The increase in the total energy consumption was attributable to the significant increase in both direct
      (i.e. diesel consumption) and indirect energy consumption (i.e. electricity) for projects. The increase of diesel
      consumption and energy consumption by machines were affected due to difference of job nature of projects
      held by the Group in 2020/2021 and 2019/2020. The energy consumption intensity was 2.88 MWh per million HK$
      revenue, recorded an increase of 174%, as compared to last year.


      Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data
      collection system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


      Energy Consumption                                                                                  2020/2021      2019/2020
                                                                                                                 MWh         MWh


      Direct Energy Consumption5
          – Office                                                                                               68.84       81.29
          – Projects (Petrol and Diesel)                                                                        124.77       46.90
                                                                                                                193.61      128.19


      Indirect Energy Consumption6
          – Office                                                                                               45.18       42.11
          – Projects                                                                                            367.92      128.04
                                                                                                                413.10      170.15


      Total Energy Consumption                                                                                  606.71      298.34
      Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                                         2.88        1.05




      5     It includes the energy consumption from the fossil fuel consumption, including diesel and petrol.
      6     It includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.



52   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Water
The water resource is also realised as a precious resource. In order to reduce the use of freshwater, the Group
encourages the reuse and recycling of water in sites of operation, for example, the sewage is reused for dust
suppression. The Group does not consume other natural water resources such as surface water or underground
water. Water was supplied by third parties, therefore, there was no issue in sourcing water.

In 2020/2021, the total water consumption and its intensity were 2,979 cubic meters and 14.14 cubic meters per
million HK$ revenue respectively, representing decreases of 47% and 29% compared with last year, projects that
had high water demand were completed in the previous year. Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor
and record energy consumption, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and reduction
plans when appropriate.

Water Consumption7                                                                2020/2021                2019/2020
                                                                               cubic meters             cubic meters


Total water consumption                                                                 2,979                    5,625
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                     14.14                    19.87


Packaging Material
As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works service, no
packaging material consumption can be identified during the reporting period.




7    It includes the water consumption in the sites of operation only.



                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The Environment and Natural Resources
      As established in its Environmental Policy and Integrated Management System (IMS) Policy, the Group strives to
      mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s operation does make
      an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group implements a range of
      measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with applicable environmental-
      related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which balances the need for
      operation with minimising its environmental impact.


      The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
      targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
      the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
      environment and natural resources. The details of measures are illustrated in the sections headed “Emission” and
      “Use of Resources”.


      Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
      such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.


      SUBJECT AREA B: SOCIAL

      Employment and Labour Practices
      Employment
      The Group believes that employees are the most important asset of the company. As the business grows, the
      Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talents. The Group strictly abides by the
      Employment Ordinance, Employments’ Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Construction
      Workers Registration Ordinance and Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. A breach of these
      ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. Employees can report
      any suspected violations of laws and regulations related to employment and labour practices through an email
      address which was established to handle complaints and potential non-compliance cases. It can only be accessed
      by top management and board members. During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-
      compliance case in this regard. The Group has established Human Resources Management Policy and other
      related guidelines, which set out the details on remuneration, dismissal, recruitment, promotion, working hours,
      rest periods, diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination.


     Remuneration and dismissal
      To attract and retain talents, the Group provides a competitive remuneration package to employees includes
      salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group determines employee salaries based on each
      employee’s qualifications, position and seniority. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess
      the performance of employees, which forms the basis of decisions with respect to salary raises, bonuses and
      promotions. For voluntary resignation, an exit interview is conducted with the resigned employee so the Group
      would understand the reason and continue to improve the human resource management.




54   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Recruitment and promotion
The Group recruits talent in a fair, impartial and open manner, with reference to factors such as employees’
experience, qualifications and expertise required for the business operations. The Group endeavours to use its
best effort to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group assesses the
available human resources on a continuous basis and will determine whether additional personnel are required to
cope with the business development of the Group.


The Group recognises the importance of development and growth of employees. The promotion of employee
based on the performance appraisals. On a regular basis, performance appraisal is conducted between the
management of employees, evaluating employees’ performance regarding work attitude, technical skills,
interpersonal skills etc.


Working hours and rest periods
The Group is dedicated to providing reasonable working hours and rest periods to employees. All employees are
entitled to General Holidays as announced in the Hong Kong SAR Government Gazette each year. In addition to
General Holidays, employees are entitled to annual leave, maternity leave, sick leave and compassionate leave.


Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination
The Group is committed to ensuring that the work environment it provides is free from harassment,
discrimination and any behaviour that damage to productivity. The management of each department is
responsible for formulating and implementing the Group’s working environment policy, which contains the
standards in this regard.


Employee benefits and welfare
According to the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, the Group provide various benefits and welfare
to the employees. The Group participates in the defined contribution scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance which is available to its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions
to the MPF Scheme by the Group and employees are made based on a percentage of employees’ basic salaries.
The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed to the MPF Scheme. The
Group also provides medical insurance, compensation insurance and monetary awards, such as discretionary
bonus, to employees.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Workforce
      As at 31 March8                                                                               2020/2021                 2019/2020


      By Gender
          – Male                                                                                              48                       46
          – Female                                                                                            18                       16


      By Age Group
          – Below 30                                                                                            9                        7
          – 30-50                                                                                             24                       22
          – 50 or above                                                                                       33                       33


      By Employment Type
          – Full Time                                                                                         66                       62
          – Part Time                                                                                           0                        0


      By Geographical Region
          – Hong Kong                                                                                         66                       62


      Total                                                                                                   66                       62



      Employee Turnover Rate9                                                                       2020/2021                 2019/2020
                                                                                                               %                        %


      By Gender
          – Male                                                                                              17                       13
          – Female                                                                                            17                         6


      By Age Group
          – Below 30                                                                                          33                         0
          – 30-50                                                                                             17                         5
          – 50 or above                                                                                       12                       18


      By Geographical Region
          – Hong Kong                                                                                         17                       11


      Overall                                                                                                 17                       11




      8       It includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.
      9       Employee turnover rate = (Total number of employees left during the reporting period / Total number employees at the end of the
              reporting period) * 100%.



56   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Health and Safety
Due to the nature of works in the construction industry, workers at the sites are prone to safety hazards. The
Group has stated in its Safety and Health Policy Statement its commitment to creating a health and safety
working environment for its employees and subcontractors. The Group has adopted an occupational health and
safety management system in accordance with the requirement of ISO 45001:2018 accreditation and has in place
various policies and procedures to maintain health and safety in the workplace.


Safety Organisation
The Group has established a Company Safety Management Committee and Site Safety Committee with clearly
defined responsibilities. The former is responsible for developing, reviewing and revising the Group’s Safety and
Health Policy and regularly monitoring the proper implementation of a safety management system. The latter
provides and improves the safety at work on-site and shall able to participate in the making and monitoring of
arrangements for safety at the workplace.


Health and Safety Measures
In order to provide a safe and healthy working environment for employees and subcontractors and to ensure
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, a safety plan is implemented at the
commencement and during the implementation period of each project and conduct hazard analysis. The safety
officer conducts site visits regularly to ensure the workers have taken all necessary safety precaution measures.
Some key measures are implemented in the sites of operations as follows:


•    All new workers receive required personal protective equipment.


•    All new workers must attend introduction training prior to works commencement.


•    Contractors with the best safety performance are nominated monthly.


•    Safety Notice will be posted on the conspicuous place and safety promotion luncheon is organised on a
     regular basis to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and workers.


•    The Safety Model Worker Award Scheme has been established to raise the safety awareness of employees.


•    A fire drill is organised for dry seasons.


Monitoring System
Regular meetings are held for directors, safety officer and site supervisors to share the latest information and
good practices with respect to safety. In the event of the occurrence of incidents and near misses, prompt
corrections will be taken by following the emergency preparedness and response procedure. Follow-up
investigation will be carried out to find out the root causes of the case(s) and prevent reoccurrence of the similar
case(s). Apart from routine safety inspections, regular safety walks by senior management and Occupational
Health and Safety (OHS) audits are conducted on all constructions sites to verify the sufficiency and effectiveness
of safety control measures.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Safety Training
      The Group recognises safety training as one of the important elements in preventing workplace injuries.
      Therefore, the Group will identify the safety training needs of workers and employees, and safety training
      courses will be provided by external training bodies (such as the Construction Industry Council) to workers and
      employees. Training course including but not limited to:


               Course Category                              Description                               Audience

                                               Improve safety management                Senior project manager and site
       Safety Management Course
                                               technique                                agent

                                               Provide the assessor with                Risk assessment team members
                                               techniques of risk assessment to
       Risk Assessment Course
                                               assist the preparing safe systems of
                                               work and good safety practices

                                               Improve their safety supervision         Front line supervisory staff
       Safety Supervisor Course
                                               and accident prevention technique        (e.g. Site agent, foreman etc.)

                                               Enrich the basic safety knowledge        All workers
       Basic Safety Training Course
                                               of workers

                                               Introduce the site condition and         All new employees
       Safety Induction Course
                                               safety arrangement of the company

                                               Focus on relevant hazards of             All workers
                                               different works such as site
                                               formation and metal works, to
       Trade Training
                                               provide safety knowledge to the
                                               workers when working in high-risk
                                               activities

                                               Educate employees on risks and           All workers
       Toolbox Talk                            precautions relating to their roles in
                                               the sites of operations




58   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Response to COVID-19 Pandemic
The challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic are unprecedented. To reduce the risk of infection and the
spread of the virus in the workplace, we have adopted the following measures:


–    Implemented special work arrangement, departments can exercise flexibility in making “working from
     home” and/or roster arrangements


–    Purchased insurance with additional coverage for our employees


–    Ensured sufficient stocks of disinfecting and cleaning supplies and surgical masks


The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong relating to providing a safe
working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardous, including but not limited to
Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance, Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance, and follows the
Codes of Practice and Guidance Notes published by the Labour Department and relevant guidelines published
by the Construction Industry Council. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability
including fine and imprisonment.


During the reporting period, the Group experienced certain non-compliance incidents relating to certain
regulations under the Construction Sites (Safety) Regulations and Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance.
In response to these incidents, our safety department has increased the frequency of inspection and prepared
safety inspection report accordingly in order to enhance site workers’ safety awareness and reduce the frequency
of occurrence of such incidents.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The Group will continue to review the existing occupational health and safety management system and elevate
      the safety awareness of the employees and subcontractors. Our safety performance is as follows:


      Safety Performance                                                                                 2020/2021                  2019/2020


      Total number of working hours (man-hours)                                                             426,110                  1,058,812


      Fatality
           • Number of fatalities                                                                                    0                          0
           • Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours10                                                               0.00                       0.00


      Lost Days
           • Number of working days lost due to injuries11                                                           0                       306
           • Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours12                                                               0.00                      28.90


      Accident Rate
           • Number of accident (reportable cases)                                                                   0                          4
           • Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours13                                                               0.00                       0.38



     Development and Training
      The Group respects the people-oriented principle and regards the employee as the utmost important asset.
      Attaching importance to cultivating and developing talents are the drivers for the continuous improvement of the
      Group and the key to the success of its future business.


      The Group provides various types of training to employees and sponsors them to attend various training courses,
      including those on occupational health and safety in relation to the construction work. Such training courses
      include internal training as well as courses organised by external parties such as the Construction Industry
      Council and the Occupational Safety and Health Council.




      10      Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of fatalities / Total number of working hours worked during the reporting period)
              *100,000.
      11      It refers to the number of working days lost as a result of accidents that occurred during the reporting period.
      12      Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of labour days lost / Total number of working hours worked during the reporting
              period) *100,000.
      13      Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of injuries / estimated total working hours during the reporting period) *100,000.



60   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Training highlights in the reporting period
During the reporting period, the Group had 14% of the total number of employees received training and they
received 220 hours of training. The percentage of employees receiving training for the year ended 31 March are
as follows:


Percentage of employees receiving training14                                                    2020/2021                  2019/2020
                                                                                                            %                        %


By Gender
     – Male                                                                                                17                         7
     – Female                                                                                               6                       13
By Employment Category
     – Senior Management or above                                                                          29                       29
     – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                    20                       16
     – Lower Management                                                                                    18                         –
     – General Staff                                                                                         –                        –


Overall                                                                                                    14                         8




14      Percentage of employees receiving training = (Total number of employees receiving training during the reporting period / the total
        number of employees at the end of the reporting period) *100%.




                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021      61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      The corresponding average training hours15 per employee for the year ended 31 March are as follows:


                                                                                                           2020/2021                   2019/2020
      Average training hours                                                                        hours/employee             hours/employee


      By Gender
           – Male                                                                                                   4.09                       0.65
           – Female                                                                                                 1.33                       1.25
      By Employment Category
           – Senior Management or above                                                                             7.46                       2.86
           – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                       4.80                       1.58
           – Lower Management                                                                                       4.24                           –
           – General Staff                                                                                              –                          –


      Overall                                                                                                       3.34                       0.81




     Labour Standards
      The Group prohibits the employment of child labour, forced labour and illegal labour as stipulated in its
      Employee Handbook. The Group considers the risk for incidents of child or forced labour in terms of our business
      activities and operating locations are not significant.


      The Group has implemented the following measures to prevent having child labour or illegal immigrants from
      being on-site and to prevent illegal workers from taking employment on site:


      1.      Human resources and administrative officers inspect and take a copy of the original of his/her Hong Kong
              identity card and/or other documentary evidence showing that he/she is lawfully employable in Hong Kong.


      2.      The subcontracting agreement contains a clause whereby subcontractors are required to hire only persons
              who are lawfully employable to work on-site and to prevent any illegal worker to enter the site.


      3.      Foremen are responsible for inspecting the personal identification document of each worker and shall
              refuse any person who does not possess proper personal identification documents from entering the site.


      The Group strictly abides the Employment Ordinance and section 38A of the Immigration Ordinance. A breach
      of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. During the
      reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case relating to child labour, forced labour
      and illegal immigrant labour.




      15      Average training hours = Total training hours during the reporting period / Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period.



62   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Operating Practices
Supply Chain Management
The Group is committed to building lasting and constructive relationships with partners in its supply chain. The
suppliers of goods and services to the Group mainly include:


(i)     subcontractors


(ii)    suppliers of construction materials such as concrete and reinforcement steel


(iii)   machinery and equipment rental service providers


In 2020/2021, the Group has a total of 187 (2019/2020: 182) suppliers and subcontractors and all of them are
located in Hong Kong.


Procurement practices
As stated in the Code of Conduct, it is necessary to be objective, fair and ethical when purchasing materials or
services. Procurement decisions should be made according to price, quality, delivery capacity, service reputation
and integrity, etc.


The Group’s Material Supplier/Subcontractor Management Policy outlines our general procurement procedure
for material suppliers and subcontractors. To manage the environmental and social risks of our supply chain, we
conduct assessments on our suppliers and subcontractors based on their environmental and social performance.
The details of the practices are as follows.


The Group maintains an approved list of material suppliers or subcontractors, which are selected based on their
experience, qualifications, quality of work, reputation in the industry, capability, price competitiveness, credit-
worthiness and their safety and environmental records. Furthermore, in some projects, certain works which
required specific skill sets including curtain wall installation, lifts and escalators installation and electrical and
mechanical works, required to be carried out by the subcontractors nominated by customers.


The approved list will be reviewed and updated from time to time according to the performance of suppliers
and subcontractors. To evaluate the performance of suppliers and subcontractors, we conduct suppliers and
subcontractor performance evaluation based on a list of criteria. If the supplier or subcontractor is considered as
unqualified based on the evaluation, it will be removed from the approved list.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subcontractors management
      In order to closely monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to ensure that the subcontractors comply
      with the contractual requirements and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group requires subcontractors to
      follow its internal control measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental compliance.


      During project implementation, the project team regularly meets with subcontractors and closely monitors
      their performance and work progress as well as their compliance with the Group’s safety measures and quality
      standards.


      For further information regarding the Group’s measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental
      compliance of subcontractors, please refer to the sections headed “Product Responsibility”, “Health and Safety”
      and “SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL”.


      In addition, depending on agreements with subcontractors, the Group may hold up a certain percentage of each
      interim payment made to our subcontractors as retention money, such that if the subcontractors fail to deliver
      the works or rectify any defects in a timely manner, any expenses or losses induced can be deducted from the
      retention money held from our subcontractors.


     Product Responsibility
      The Group has established Quality Policy and various internal control procedures, showing the Group’s
      commitment regarding safety and quality management of its projects and services and protection of customer’s
      privacy.


     Quality Management
      Quality management is the key to maintain the safety of our projects. To maintain consistent quality and safety of
      services for customers, the Group has established a formal quality management system which is certified to be
      in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015. The Group has in-house quality assurance requirements
      that conform to the ISO 9001:2015 quality standards specifying, among other things, specific work procedures
      for performing different types of the site works, management process, responsibilities of personnel of different
      levels, tendering process, cost control, project planning, project management and supervision, quality inspection
      procedures and standards, subcontracting requirements and accident reporting and complaints. Workers and
      subcontractors are required to follow such procedures.




64   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Quality control of projects
The Group’s quality management system is contained in its project quality plan which sets out the steps to be
carried out throughout the building works process from pre-construction stage to the maintenance stage.


To ensure that the works meet the required standard,


1.   A full-time foreman is assigned at each of the construction sites as the first line of monitoring the quality of
     works done by the Group’s own staff or subcontractors.


2.   Project manager visits the construction sites to monitor the work quality, the progress of work and ensures
     that works are completed according to schedule.


3.   The Group’s Executive Directors, who closely monitor the progress of each project, communicate with the
     project management teams closely and discuss issues identified, to ensure the building works:


     •     meet customers’ requirements


     •     are completed within the time stipulated in the contract and the budget allocated for the project


     •     comply with all relevant codes and regulations applicable to the works


Quality control of materials
The quality of purchased materials is closely monitored. To ensure the quality of supplies, prior to ordering,
quantity surveyors will ensure that the materials are sourced from approved suppliers to ensure the overall quality
of supplies.


Upon the arrival of the ordered materials, all materials are sent directly to the relevant work sites for inspection
by foremen before utilisation. During the inspection, the designated personnel will check (i) whether the quantity
is correct; and (ii) whether there are any observable defects. Any defective materials or materials that fall short of
the product specifications would be returned to the suppliers for replacement. Customers would also inspect the
materials used by us at project sites and verify the specifications from time to time.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      Customer satisfaction
      The Group is committed to providing efficient and cordial services, always ensuring satisfactory customer
      satisfaction. We provide customers with clear and authentic information including price, business capabilities and
      product characteristics. There is no misstatement or exaggeration for our product and services.


      As stipulated in the IMS manual, the Group monitors the quality performance of projects based on the
      customers’ feedback. The Group is committed to understanding the views and opinions towards product and
      services through close communication with customers and proper maintenance of the related records. We collect
      customers’ feedbacks through a customer satisfaction survey. The feedbacks serve as a valuable reference for our
      future improvements.


     Intellectual Property Protection
      The Group’s business does not involve research and development. Nonetheless, our Code of Conduct stated
      explicitly that new ideas and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
      special rights and trade secrets, are all valuable assets of the Group and must be protected. All employees are
      responsible for protecting the intellectual property rights of the Group and others. Employees are required
      to inform the management immediately if any cases of infringement of the intellectual property of the Group.
      Copying of any part of third-party software is prohibited unless it is an authorised copy, or its license explicitly
      permits copying. Downloading and installation of unauthorised software are not allowed.


     Advertising and Labelling
      The Group does not involve in product packaging and labelling activities. Besides, the Group does not rely
      heavily on marketing and advertising. The Group is not aware of any significant impact relating to advertising and
      labelling on its operations.


     Customer Data Protection and Privacy
      The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. The Group strives to
      protect the privacy of its customers, business partners and staff in the collection, processing and use of their
      business or personal data. The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance on the handling of confidential
      information.


      The Group strictly follows the laws and regulations relating to product responsibility, such as the Personal Data
      (Privacy) Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
      imprisonment. During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.




66   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Anti-corruption
Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to defend. The
Group’s Code of Conduct sets out the employee’s conducts in dealing with problems related to acceptance of
advantages and conflicts of interest.


Other than the internal anti-bribery and corruption guidelines as stipulated in the Code of Conduct, the Group
has in place a whistleblowing policy as a communication channel for employees to report concerns relating to
the ethical business or personal conduct, accounting and financial matters, integrity and professionalism, or
allegations of retaliation for having reported matters in good faith. Employees are welcomed to send his/her
concerns via email anonymously. The Group has also implemented appropriate and effective internal controls at
different business processes to prevent and detect fraudulent activities.


The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
in Hong Kong, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
Financing Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine
and imprisonment. During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case or related
corruption litigation case in this regard.


Community
Community Investment
The Group is committed to maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. The Group’s
Community Investment Policy establishes a framework and guidelines for community investment, sponsorship
and donation activities, and is expected to contribute to community wellness.


The Group aims to develop long-term relations with stakeholders based on mutual trust, respect and integrity.
The Group also seeks to make contributions to programs which have a positive impact on community
development. Employees are encouraged to volunteer, and work through collaboration with strategic giving as
well as capacity-building initiatives to try and create a positive impact in the community.


During the reporting period, the Group focused on the contribution in the area of education and donated
HK$14,000. Beneficiary organisations include as follows.


•    Twinklestars, which is an organisation that aims at providing financial support to the needed students for
     their tertiary education in Mainland China.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


      ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX
       Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                    Section/Statement         Page number


      Subject Area A. Environmental


      Aspect A1 Emissions


      General Disclosure           Information on:



                                   (a) the policies; and                              Emissions                 47


                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws
                                       and regulations that have a
                                       significant impact on the issuer


                                   relating to air and greenhouse gas
                                   emissions, discharges into water and
                                   land, and generation of hazardous
                                   and non-hazardous waste


      KPI A1.1                         T h e ty p e s o f emissions a nd              Emissions                 47
                                       respective emissions data


      KPI A1.2                         Greenhouse gas emissions in                    Emissions                 47
                                       total (in tonnes) and, where
                                       appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                                       unit of production volume, per
                                       facility)


      KPI A1.3                         Total hazardous waste produced                 Not material: No          Not Applicable
                                       (in tonnes) and, where                           significant hazardous
                                       appropriate, intensity (e.g. per                 wastes produced.
                                       unit of production volume, per
                                       facility)


      KPI A1.4                         To t a l n o n - h a z a r d o u s w a s t e   Emissions                 47
                                       produced (in tonnes) and, where
                                       appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                                       unit of production volume, per
                                       facility)




68   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                 Section/Statement           Page number


KPI A1.5                   D e s c r i p t i o n o f m e a s u re s t o     Emissions                    47
                           mitigate emissions and results
                           achieved


KPI A1.6                   Description of how hazardous                     Emissions                    47
                           and non-hazardous wastes are
                           handled, reduction initiatives and
                           results achieved


Aspect A2 Use of Resources


General Disclosure         P o l i c i e s o n e ff i c i e n t u s e o f   Use of Resources             52
                           resources, including energy, water
                           and other raw materials


KPI A2.1                   Direct and/or indirect energy                    Use of Resources             52
                           consumption by type (e.g.
                           electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh
                           in ‘000s) and intensity (e.g. per
                           meal)




                                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                    Section/Statement     Page number


      KPI A2.2                         Wa t e r c o n s u m p t i o n i n t o t a l   Use of Resources      52
                                       and intensity (e.g. per unit of
                                       production volume, per facility)


      KPI A2.3                         Description of energy use                      Use of Resources      52
                                       efficiency initiatives and results
                                       achieved


      KPI A2.4                         Description of whether there is                Use of Resources      52
                                       any issue in sourcing water that
                                       is fit for purpose, water efficiency
                                       initiatives and results achieved


      KPI A2.5                         Total packaging material used for              Not material: Not     Not Applicable
                                       finished products (in tonnes) and,               relevant to the
                                       if applicable, with reference to                 Group’s business
                                       per unit produced


      Aspect A3 The Environment and Natural Resources


      General Disclosure               Policies on minimising the                     The Environment and   54
                                       issuer’s significant impact on                   Natural Resources
                                       the environment and natural
                                       resources


      KPI A3.1                         Description of the significant                 The Environment and   54
                                       impacts of activities on the                     Natural Resources
                                       environment and natural
                                       resources and the actions taken
                                       to manage them




70   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1               Section/Statement           Page number


Subject Area B. Social


Employment and Labour Practice


Aspect B1 Employment


General Disclosure       Information on:


                         (a) the policies; and                            Employment                   54


                         (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant
                            impact on the issuer


                         relating to compensation and dismissal,
                         recruitment and promotion, working
                         hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                         diversity, antidiscrimination, and other
                         benefits and welfare


KPI B1.1                    To t a l w o r k f o r c e b y g e n d e r,   Employment                   54
                            employment type, age group and
                            geographical region


KPI B1.2                    Employee turnover rate                        Employment                   54
                            b y g e n d e r, a g e g r o u p a n d
                            geographical region




                                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                      Section/Statement   Page number


      Aspect B2 Health and Safety


      General Disclosure           Information on:


                                   (a) the policies; and                                Health and Safety   57


                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                                       regulations that have a significant
                                       impact on the issuer


                                   relating to providing a safe working
                                   environment and protecting employees
                                   from occupational hazards


      KPI B2.1                         Number and rate of work-related                  Health and Safety   57
                                       fatalities


      KPI B2.2                         Lost days due to work injury                     Health and Safety   57


      KPI B2.3                         Description of occupational health               Health and Safety   57
                                       and safety measures adopted,
                                       how they are implemented and
                                       monitored


      Aspect B3 Development and Training


      General Disclosure               Policies on improving employees’                 Development and     60
                                       knowledge and skills for                           Training
                                       d i s c h a rg i n g d u t i e s a t w o r k .
                                       Description of training activities


      KPI B3.1                         The percentage of employees                      Development and     60
                                       trained by gender and employee                     Training
                                       category


      KPI B3.2                         The average training hours                       Development and     60
                                       completed per employee by                          Training
                                       gender and employee category




72   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1      Section/Statement           Page number


Aspect B4 Labour Standards


General Disclosure     Information on:

                       (a) the policies; and                     Labour Standards             62


                       (b) compliance with relevant laws
                           and regulations that have a
                           significant impact on the issuer


                       relating to preventing child or forced
                       labour

KPI B4.1                   Description of measures to review     Labour Standards             62
                           employment practices to avoid
                           child and forced labour

KPI B4.2                   Description of steps taken to         No case discovered.          62
                           eliminate such practices when
                           discovered

Operating Practices

Aspect B5 Supply Chain Management


General Disclosure         Policies       on   managing          Supply Chain                 63
                           environmental and social risks of       Management
                           supply chain

KPI B5.1                   Number of suppliers by geographical   Supply Chain                 63
                           region                                  Management

KPI B5.2                   Description of practices relating     Supply Chain                 63
                           to engaging suppliers, number of        Management
                           suppliers where the practices are
                           being implemented, how they are
                           implemented and monitored

KPI B5.3                   Description of practices used to      Supply Chain                 63
                           identify environmental and social       Management
                           risks along the supply chain, and
                           how they are implemented and
                           monitored



                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                      Section/Statement         Page number


      Aspect B6 Product Responsibility


      General Disclosure           Information on:


                                   (a) the policies; and                                Product Responsibility/   64
                                                                                          Advertising and
                                   (b) compliance with relevant laws                      labelling matters are
                                       and regulations that have a                        not material to the
                                       significant impact on the issuer                   Group’s business.


                                   r e l a t i n g t o h e a l t h a n d s a f e t y,
                                   advertising, labelling and privacy
                                   matters relating to products and
                                   services provided and methods of
                                   redress


      KPI B6.1                         Percentage of total products sold                Not material: No          Not Applicable
                                       or shipped subject to recalls for                  manufacturing of
                                       safety and health reasons                          products.


      KPI B6.2                         Number of products and service                   Not Applicable            Not Applicable
                                       related complaints received and
                                       how they are dealt with


      KPI B6.3                         Description of practices relating                Product Responsibility    64
                                       to observing and protecting
                                       intellectual property rights


      KPI B6.4                         Description of quality assurance                 Product Responsibility    64
                                       process and recall procedures


      KPI B6.5                         Description of consumer data                     Product Responsibility    64
                                       protection and privacy policies,
                                       how they are implemented and
                                       monitored




74   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1      Section/Statement           Page number


Aspect B7 Anti-corruption


General Disclosure     Information on


                       (a) the policies; and                     Anti-corruption              67


                       (b) compliance with relevant laws
                            and regulations that have a
                            significant impact on the issuer


                       relating to bribery, extortion, fraud
                       and money laundering


KPI B7.1                    Number of concluded legal            No case brought              67
                            cases regarding corrupt practices      against the Company
                            brought against the issuer or its      or concluded case
                            employees during the reporting
                            period and the outcomes of the
                            cases


KPI B7.2                    Description of preventive measures   Anti-corruption              67
                            and whistle-blowing procedures,
                            how they are implemented and
                            monitored




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   75
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


       Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                          Section/Statement          Page number


      Community


      Aspect B8 Community Investment


      General Disclosure                 Policies on community engagement                   Community Investment        67
                                         to understand the needs of the
                                         communities where the issuer
                                         operates and to ensure its activities
                                         take into consideration the
                                         communities’ interests


      KPI B8.1                           F o c u s a re a s o f c o n t r i b u t i o n     Community Investment        67
                                         (e.g. education, environmental
                                         concerns, labour needs, health,
                                         culture, sport)


      KPI B8.2                           R e s o u rc e s c o n t r i b u t e d ( e . g .   Community Investment        67
                                         money or time) to the focus area

      Note 1: All general disclosure under each aspect and KPIs in the “Environmental” subject area are the “comply or explain” provisions while
              others are recommended disclosure set out in the ESG Guide.




76   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF GOLDEN PONDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDEN PONDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 82 to 137, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 March 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Revenue recognition of construction contracts
      Refer to notes 5(b) and 7 to the consolidated financial statements.


      The Group’s revenue from construction contracts amounted to approximately HK$210,660,000 for the year
      ended 31 March 2021, and the carrying amount of contract assets of the Group amounted to approximately
      HK$84,597,000 as at 31 March 2021.


      The Group recognised revenue from a construction contract by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of performance obligation at the end of the reporting period, measured using the input method.
      Most of the Group’s construction contracts with customers take more than one year to complete and the
      scope of work of a contract may change during the construction period. Management estimates the revenue
      and budgeted costs at the commencement of construction contracts and regularly assesses the progress
      of construction works as well as the financial impact of any scope changes, claims, disputes and liquidation
      damages.


      We identified the revenue recognition of construction contracts as a key audit matter as management’s estimate
      of revenue, budgeted costs and the stage of completion of construction works requires significant judgement
      and has a significant impact on the amount and timing of revenue recognised.


      Our response:


      •     Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s controls and processes over revenue recognition of
            construction contracts and contract budget preparation;


      •     Discussing with management and the contract managers of the Group who are responsible for the
            preparation of budgets of construction contracts to evaluate the reasonableness of their bases of
            estimation of the budget revenue and costs as well as the progress towards completion of the contracts;


      •     Checking supporting documents including contracts, variation orders and correspondences with customers,
            subcontractors and suppliers, in order to evaluate reasonableness of management’s estimation of the
            budgeted revenue and budgeted contract costs;


      •     Assessing management’s estimates of the impact on revenue and budgeted costs arising from scope
            changes made to the construction contracts, claims, disputes and liquidated damages with reference to
            supporting documents including variation orders and correspondence among the Group, independent
            surveyors, customers, subcontractors and suppliers;


      •     Recalculating the revenue recognised based on estimate of the progress of the construction contracts; and


      •     On a sample basis, agreeing the contract costs incurred to date on construction contracts to the
            subcontractors’ payment certificates and supplier invoices.




78   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
Refer to notes 5(a), 17 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements.


As at 31 March 2021, trade receivables and contract assets of the Group amounted to approximately
HK$10,126,000 and approximately HK$84,597,000 respectively, representing 4% and 36% of the Group’s total
assets, respectively.


Management estimates expected credit loss (“ECL”) of trade receivables and contract assets based on the
historical default rates, past-due status and financial capability of individual debtors and forward-looking
macroeconomic factors.


We identified the impairment of trade receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the
significance of the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets to the consolidated financial
statements, as well as the significant judgement involved in developing and implementing the ECL model and
high level of estimation uncertainty.


Our response:


•    Understanding management’s process of assessing recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets;


•    Assessing the appropriateness of management’s ECL model and challenging assumptions and data used in
     estimating ECL, including testing the accuracy of the historical data, evaluating whether the historical loss
     rates are appropriately adjusted based on current economic conditions and forward-looking information
     and assessing whether there was an indication of management bias when recognising loss allowances; and


•    Discussing with the Group’s project managers about their evaluation of impact of disputes with customers
     and unforeseen delay of construction contracts, if any, on the recoverability of trade receivables and
     contract assets and checking to those relevant correspondences and documents to assess reasonableness
     of their evaluation.


OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
      fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
      or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
      concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
      have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
      assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our
      engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
      person for the contents of this report.


      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
      with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
      and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
      the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      •     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
            to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
            that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
            misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
            forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      •     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
            are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
            of the Group’s internal control.




80   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•    evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
     that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
     that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
     disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
     However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
     are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.


From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.




BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Tang Tak Wah
Practising Certificate Number P06262


Hong Kong
23 June 2021



                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 March 2021




                                                                         2021        2020
                                                              Notes   HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                                   7     210,660      283,148
      Cost of services                                                (207,513)   (263,062)


      Gross profit                                                       3,147      20,086


      Other income, gains and losses                            8        3,403       1,755
      Reversal/(provision) of loss allowance of
         trade receivables and contract assets, net           29(a)         38      (3,000)
      Administrative and other expenses                                (20,622)    (19,627)
      Finance costs                                             9          (30)       (149)


      Loss before income tax credit/(expense)                  10      (14,064)       (935)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                              11        1,750      (1,116)


      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year
         attributable to owners of the Company                         (12,314)     (2,051)


                                                                      HK cents    HK cents


      Loss per share, attributable to owners of the Company
      – Basic and diluted                                      14        (1.54)      (0.26)




82   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                As at 31 March 2021




                                                                    2021                      2020
                                              Notes              HK$’000                   HK$’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                  15                    1,294                    1,661
Right-of-use assets                            16                      483                    1,641
Deposits                                       18                   17,899                    9,304
Deferred tax assets                            22                    1,725                        –

                                                                    21,401                   12,606

Current assets
Trade receivables                              17                   10,126                  44,584
Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    18                   27,644                  40,795
Contract assets                                19                   84,597                  75,247
Tax recoverable                                                      1,425                   2,729
Cash and cash equivalents                                           88,960                 108,991

                                                                  212,752                  272,346

Current liabilities
Trade and retention money payables             20                   52,117                   84,377
Accruals and other payables                                         13,557                   10,523
Contract liabilities                           19                        –                       30
Lease liabilities                              21                      522                    1,230

                                                                    66,196                   96,160

Net current assets                                                146,556                  176,186

Total assets less current liabilities                             167,957                  188,792

Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                              21                           –                   521

NET ASSETS                                                        167,957                  188,271

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                  24                   8,000                    8,000
Reserves                                                          159,957                  180,271

TOTAL EQUITY                                                      167,957                  188,271



On behalf of the Board of Directors




                     Chan Kam Tong                          Chan Kam Ming
                          Director                               Director




                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 March 2021




                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                             Share        Share         Capital      Retained
                                                            capital    premium         reserve       earnings       Total
                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                          (note 24)    (note 24)      (note 24)      (note 24)

      At 1 April 2019                                        8,000       88,035         15,500          78,787    190,322

      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          –            –              –          (2,051)     (2,051)


      At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                      8,000       88,035         15,500          76,736    188,271

      Dividend paid (note 13)                                    –            –              –          (8,000)     (8,000)

      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          –            –              –         (12,314)    (12,314)


      At 31 March 2021                                      8,000       88,035          15,500         56,422     167,957




84   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2021




                                                                                 2021                     2020
                                                         Notes              HK$’000                   HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before income tax credit/(expense)                                       (14,064)                    (935)
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment           10                      531                      511
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                     10                    1,158                    1,233
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment              10                        22                        4
  Loss allowance of trade receivables, net                10                       (56)                  2,849
  Loss allowance of contract assets, net                  10                        18                     151
  Bank interest income                                     8                      (675)                 (1,488)
  Finance costs                                            9                        30                     149
  Bad debt                                                 8                      550                         –
  Rent concessions                                         8                      (157)                       –


Operating (loss)/profit before working capital changes                        (12,643)                   2,474


Decrease in trade receivables                                                  33,964                   15,864
Decrease/(increase) in deposits, prepayments
  and other receivables                                                         4,556                  (12,336)
(Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                         (9,368)                  44,680
Decrease in restricted bank deposit                                                   –                 12,030
Decrease in trade and retention money payables                                (32,260)                  (8,911)
Increase in accruals and other payables                                         3,034                    1,068
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                   (30)                 (4,905)


Cash (used in)/generated from operations                                      (12,747)                  49,964
Income tax recovery/(paid)                                                      1,329                   (4,382)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                        (11,418)                  45,582


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         (186)                   (242)
Interest received                                                                 675                    1,488


Net cash generated from investing activities                                      489                    1,246




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   85
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2021




                                                                       2021        2020
                                                             Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


      Cash flows from financing activities
      Interest paid                                           28         (30)      (149)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                         28      (1,072)     (1,068)
      Dividend paid                                           13      (8,000)          –


      Net cash used in financing activities                           (9,102)     (1,217)


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents           (20,031)    45,611


      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year             108,991     63,380


      Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                    88,960    108,991




86   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2021




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

  The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. The
  address of its registered office is located at 71 Fort Street, P.O. Box 500, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-
  1106, Cayman Islands and its principal place of business is located at Offices F and G, Floor 23, Maxgrand
  Plaza, No. 3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


  The shares of the Company are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


  The immediate and ultimate holding company is Shiny Golden Limited, a company incorporated in the
  British Virgin Islands.


  The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
  note 25.


2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”)

  (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2020
        The HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
        accounting period of the Group:


        Amendments to HKFRS 3                        Definition of a Business
        Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8              Definition of Material
        Amendments to HKAS 39, HKFRS 7               Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
          and HKFRS 9
        Amendments to HKFRS 16                       COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions

        These new or amended HKFRSs has no material impact on the Group’s results and financial position
        for the current or prior period. The Group has not early applied any new or amended HKFRSs that
        is not yet effective for the current accounting period except for the amendments to HKFRS 16
        “COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions”. Impact on the applications of these amended HKFRSs are
        summarised below.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
         (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

            (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2020 (Continued)
                  Amendments to HKFRS 16 “COVID-19 – Related Rent Concessions” (“Amendments to
                  HKFRS 16”)
                   Effective 1 June 2020, HKFRS 16 “Leases” (“HKFRS 16”) was amended to provide a practical
                   expedient for lessees accounting for rent concessions that arise as a direct consequence of the
                   COVID-19 pandemic and satisfy the following criteria:


                   (a)   The change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially
                         the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;


                   (b)   The reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2021;
                         and


                   (c)   There is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.


                   Rent concessions that satisfy these criteria may be accounted for in accordance with the practical
                   expedient, which means the lessee does not need to assess whether the rent concession meets the
                   definition of a lease modification. Lessees apply other requirements in HKFRS 16 in accounting for the
                   concession.


                   The Group has applied the practical expedient for all rent concessions that meet the criteria. In
                   accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied the amendment retrospectively,
                   and has not restated prior period figure. As the rent concessions have arisen during the current
                   financial period, there is no retrospective adjustment to opening balance of retained earnings at 1
                   April 2020 on initial application of the amendment.


                   Accounting for the rent concessions as lease modifications would have resulted in the Group
                   remeasuring the lease liability to reflect the revised consideration using a revised discount rate, with
                   the effect of the change in the lease liability recorded against the right-of-use asset. By applying the
                   practical expedient, the Group is not required to determine a revised discount rate and the effect
                   of the change in the lease liability is reflected in profit or loss in the period in which the event or
                   condition that triggers the rent concession occurs. The effect of applying the practical expedient is
                   disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.




88   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     31 March 2021




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective

     Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                                 Non-current5 & 7
     Amendments to HKAS 1                                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies5
     Amendments to HKAS 8                                     Definition of Accounting Estimates5
     Amendments to HKAS 16                                    Proceeds before Intended Use3
     Amendments to HKAS 37                                    Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract3
     Amendments to HKAS 39, HKFRS 4,                          Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 21
         HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16
     HKFRS 17                                                 Insurance Contracts5
     Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9,                          Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-20203
         HKFRS 16 and HKAS 41
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                    Reference to the Conceptual Framework4
     Amendments to HKFRS 3, HKAS 16                           Narrow-scope amendments3
         and HKAS 37
     Amendments to HKFRS 10                                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
         and HKAS 28                                             and its Associate or Joint Venture6
     Amendments to HKFRS 16                                   COVID-19 – Related Rent Concessions beyond
                                                                 30 June 20212

     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     4
           Effective for business combinations for which the date of acquisition is on or after the beginning of the first annual period
           beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     5
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     6
           The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or contribution of assets occurring in annual periods beginning
           on or after a date to be determined.
     7
           As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Interpretation 5 “Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification
           by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause” was revised in October 2020 to align the
           corresponding wording with no change in conclusion.



     The Directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments and revision
     in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021         89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

            (a) Statement of compliance
                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all HKFRSs, Hong
                   Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the
                   “HKFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the
                   consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Listing Rules.


            (b) Basic of measurement
                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis.


            (c) Functional and presentation currency
                   The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), which is also
                   the functional currency of the Company, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands, except
                   when otherwise indicated.


      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation
                   The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
                   subsidiaries (“the Group”). Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies
                   together with unrealised profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial
                   statements. Unrealised loss are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
                   impairment on the asset transferred, in which case the loss is recognised in profit or loss.


                   The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
                   statement of comprehensive income from the dates of acquisition or up to the dates of disposal, as
                   appropriate. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
                   bring their accounting policies into line with those used by other members of the Group.


                   Acquisition of subsidiaries or businesses is accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of
                   an acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred,
                   liabilities incurred and equity interests issued by the Group, as the acquirer. The identifiable assets
                   acquired and liabilities assumed are principally measured at acquisition-date fair value. The Group’s
                   previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured at acquisition-date fair value and the
                   resulting gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss. The Group may elect, on a transaction-by-
                   transaction basis, to measure the non-controlling interests that represent present ownership interests
                   in the subsidiary either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net
                   assets. All other non-controlling interests are measured at fair value unless another measurement
                   basis is required by HKFRSs. Acquisition-related costs incurred are expensed unless they are incurred
                   in issuing equity instruments in which case the costs are deducted from equity.




90   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation (Continued)
      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at acquisition-date fair
      value. Subsequent adjustments to consideration are recognised against goodwill only to the extent
      that they arise from new information obtained within the measurement period (a maximum of 12
      months from the acquisition date) about the fair value at the acquisition date. All other subsequent
      adjustments to contingent consideration classified as an asset or a liability are recognised in profit or
      loss.


      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the
      difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value
      of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and
      liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interest. Amounts previously recognised in other
      comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for in the same manner as would be
      required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of.


      Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests that represent present
      ownership interests in the subsidiary is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus such
      non-controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is
      attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those non-controlling interests having
      a deficit balance.


  (b) Subsidiaries
      A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls
      an investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or
      rights, to variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable
      returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change
      in any of these elements of control.


      De-facto control exists in situations where the Company has the practical ability to direct the relevant
      activities of the investee without holding the majority of the voting rights. In determining whether de-
      facto control exists the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including:


      •       The size of the Company’s voting rights relative to both the size and dispersion of other parties
              who hold voting rights;


      •       Substantive potential voting rights held by the Company and other parties who hold voting
              rights;


      •       Other contractual arrangements; and


      •       Historic patterns in voting attendance.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (b) Subsidiaries (Continued)
                   In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                   any impairment loss. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                   dividends received and receivable.


            (c) Property, plant and equipment
                   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                   impairment loss. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any
                   directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended
                   use.


                   Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                   appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
                   to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
                   part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss
                   during the financial period in which they are incurred.


                   Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost net of expected residual
                   value under reducing balance method or straight-line method. The annual depreciation rate and
                   depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
                   The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:


                   Furniture and equipment                       10% on the reducing balance method
                   Motor vehicles                                20% on the reducing balance method
                   Leasehold improvement                         Straight-line basis over the lease terms

                   An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than
                   the asset’s estimated recoverable amount.


                   Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as
                   owned assets, or where shorter, the terms of the relevant leases.


                   The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is the difference between
                   the net sale proceeds and its carrying amount, and is recognised in profit or loss on disposal.




92   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (d) Leasing
     All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are required to be capitalised
     in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, but accounting policy
     choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii)
     leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-
     use assets and lease liabilities for low-value assets and leases for which at the commencement date
     have a lease term less than 12 months. The lease payments associated with those leases have been
     expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.


     Right-of-use asset
     The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
     measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
     (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
     (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the
     lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
     conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group measures
     the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures the right-
     of-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss, and adjusted for
     any remeasurement of lease liability.


     Lease liability
     The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
     date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
     implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
     the Group uses the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


     The following payments for the right-to-use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not
     paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed payments
     less any lease incentives receivable: (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate,
     initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected to be
     payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if
     the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for terminating
     the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.


     Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
     carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
     the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or
     lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate, a
     change in the lease term, a change in the substance fixed lease payments or a change in assessment
     to purchase the underlying asset.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (d) Leasing (Continued)
                   Lease liability (Continued)
                   Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the
                   risks and rewards of ownership to lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


            (e) Financial instruments
                  (i)    Financial assets
                         A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is
                         initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”),
                         transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable
                         without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                         All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that
                         is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or
                         sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period
                         generally established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                         Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirely when determining
                         whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


                         Debt instruments
                         Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                         managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                         categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                         Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                         flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                         Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate
                         method. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and loss and impairment are recognised in
                         profit or loss. Any gain on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.




94   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (e) Financial instruments (Continued)
     (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets
            The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade receivables,
            contract assets and other financial assets measured at amortised cost. The ECLs are measured
            on either of the following bases: (1) 12 months ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from possible
            default events within the 12 months after the reporting date: and (2) lifetime ECLs: these are
            ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
            which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit loss. Credit loss are measured as the
            difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
            the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then
            discounted at an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


            The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets that do not
            contain a significant financing component using HKFRS 9 simplified approach and calculates
            ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
            debtors and the economic environment.


            For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-months ECLs. However, when
            there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based
            on the lifetime ECLs.


            When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since
            initial recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
            information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
            quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
            informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


            The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more
            than 30 days past due.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (e) Financial instruments (Continued)
                   (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets (Continued)
                          The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to
                          pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
                          realising security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.


                          Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost
                          (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired
                          financial assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.


                  (iii) Financial liabilities
                          The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities
                          were incurred.


                          Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                          Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade and retention money payables, accruals
                          and other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
                          effective interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                          Gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
                          through the amortisation process.


                  (iv) Effective interest method
                          The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset
                          or financial liability and of allocating interest income or interest expense over the relevant
                          period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
                          receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or where
                          appropriate, a shorter period.


                  (v)     Equity instruments
                          Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct
                          issue costs.




96   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (e) Financial instruments (Continued)
     (vi) Derecognition
           The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows
           in relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the
           transfer meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


           Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
           discharged, cancelled or expires.


           Where the Group issues its own equity instruments to a creditor to settle a financial liability in
           whole or in part as a result of renegotiating the terms of that liability, the equity instruments
           issued are the consideration paid and are recognised initially and measured at their fair value
           on the date the financial liability or part thereof is extinguished. If the fair value of the equity
           instruments issued cannot be reliably measured, the equity instruments are measured to reflect
           the fair value of the financial liability extinguished. The difference between the carrying amount
           of the financial liability or part thereof extinguished and the consideration paid is recognised in
           profit or loss for the year.


  (f) Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash at bank and on hand. Cash equivalents are short-term,
      highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to
      an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial
      position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in
      nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.


  (g) Revenue recognition
      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
      to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be
      entitled in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of
      third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any
      trade discounts.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2021




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
                   Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods
                   or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is
                   transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


                   •     provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


                   •     creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


                   •     does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                         right to payment for performance completed to date.


                   If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
                   contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
                   Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods
                   or service.


                   When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit
                   of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is
                   measured at the present value of the amounts receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
                   would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at
                   contract inception. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant
                   financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense
                   accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period
                   between the payment and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
                   transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
                   practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


                  Provision of contract services
                   The Group provides construction of superstructure building and RMAA works services to customer.
                   Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or
                   enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced and the payment
                   is generally due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Revenue is recognised from a construction
                   contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of performance obligation at the
                   end of the reporting period, measured using the input method based on the proportion of the actual
                   costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.




98   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
     Other income
     Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
     discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial asset or a shorter
     period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


     Contract assets and contract liabilities
     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group
     has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the
     Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment
     of that consideration is due.


     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


     Contract asset is recognised when (i) the Group completes the infrastructure construction works under
     such services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed
     by customers, or (ii) the customers retain retention money to secure the due performance of the
     contracts. Any amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at
     the point at which it is invoiced to the customer. If the considerations (including advances received
     from customers) exceeds the revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group
     recognises a contract liability for the difference.


     For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
     presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not
     presented on a net basis.


     Contract cost
     The Group recognises an asset from the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or
     the costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
     plant and equipment or intangible assets.


     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
     with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental
     costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs relate to revenue which will be
     recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be recovered. Other costs of
     obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

             (g) Revenue recognition (Continued)
                    Contract cost (Continued)
                    Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to an
                    anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify; generate or enhance resources of the
                    entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future;
                    and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
                    identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
                    costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because
                    the Group entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as
                    inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


                    The asset recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                    consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the cost relate. The
                    asset is subject to impairment review. Impairment loss are recognised to the extent that the carrying
                    amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of consideration that the
                    Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any
                    costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not yet been recognised as
                    expenses.


             (h) Income taxes
                    Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


                    Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-
                    assessable or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been
                    enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                    Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
                    assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax
                    purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
                    assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
                    which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
                    appropriate to the expected manner in which the carrying amount of the asset or liability is realised or
                    settled and that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                    Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
                    subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities, except where the Group is able to control the
                    reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
                    the foreseeable future.




100   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (h) Income taxes (Continued)
        Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
        comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income
        or when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised
        directly in equity.


  (i)   Foreign currency transactions
        Transactions entered into by the Group in currencies other than the currency of the primary economic
        environment in which it operates (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling when
        the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
        ruling at the end of reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
        in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
        determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
        are not retranslated.

        Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
        items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising
        on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for
        the period except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of
        which gains and loss are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange
        differences are also recognised in other comprehensive income.


  (j)   Employee benefits
        (i)    Short-term employee benefits
               Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
               expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period
               in which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised
               in the year when the employees render the related service.

        (ii)   Pension scheme
               The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit
               scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of
               its employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries
               and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with
               the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of
               the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully
               with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

        (iii) Termination benefits
               Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
               the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the
               payment of termination benefits.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

             (k) Government grant
                    Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
                    with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


                    Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
                    Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.


                    Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or
                    for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
                    recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other
                    revenue, rather than reducing the related expense.


                    The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government
                    grant, measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
                    prevailing market interest rates.


             (l)    Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)
                    At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that items of
                    property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and investments in a subsidiary have suffered an
                    impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased.


                    If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use) of
                    an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced
                    to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.


                    Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to
                    the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount
                    does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                    been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income
                    immediately.


                    Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset,
                    discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                    assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.




102   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2021




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (m) Provision and contingent liabilities
      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
      constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which it is probable will result in an outflow
      of economic benefits that can be reliably estimated.


      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
      be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
      outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be
      confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as
      contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


  (n) Related parties
      (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


            (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


            (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


            (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.


      (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


            (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                    subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


            (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                    venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


            (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


            (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                    entity.


            (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the
                    Group or an entity related to the Group.


            (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

             (n) Related parties (Continued)
                    (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply: (Continued)


                          (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                                  management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                          (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                  personnel services to the Group or to the Company’s parent.


                          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                          influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:


                          (i)     that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;


                          (ii)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and


                          (iii)   dependents of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.


       5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

             The preparation of the financial statement of the Group requires management to make judgements,
             estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities,
             and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the end of each reporting period. However, uncertainty
             about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the
             carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods.


             The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
             each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
             of assets within the next financial year, are described below.




104   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 March 2021




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

  (a) Expected credit loss on trade for receivables and contract assets
      The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
      provision rates are based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The provision matrix is
      initially based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss
      patterns. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with
      forward-looking information. If forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the
      next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in a particular sector, the historical
      default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
      and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed. The assessment of the correlation among
      historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate.


      The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
      The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
      representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
      Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in note 29(a) to the consolidated financial
      statements.


  (b) Measurement of value of construction works
      The Group uses input method to measure the progress toward satisfaction of the performance
      obligations, and specifically, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the
      estimated total costs. Actual construction costs incurred include direct and indirect costs in the
      process of transferring goods from the Group to customers. The Group believes that contract price is
      based on construction costs. Therefore, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative
      to the total expected costs can reflect the progress toward satisfaction of construction service. Since
      the duration of construction is relatively long that it may cover more than one accounting period,
      the Group will review contract, revise budget and adjust revenue accordingly as the contract carries
      forward.




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

             Operating segments
             During the reporting period, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of superstructure building
             and RMAA works service, as a main contractor, in Hong Kong. Information reported to the Group’s chief
             operating decision maker, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, focuses
             on the operating results of the Group as a whole, as the Group’s resources are integrated and no discrete
             operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is
             presented.


             Geographical information
             During the reporting period, the Group’s revenue was derived from Hong Kong, based on the location of
             the customers, and all of its non-current assets were located in Hong Kong, based on the location of assets.
             Therefore, no geographical information is presented.


             Information about major customers
             Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the
             reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                                2021             2020
                                                                                                           HK$‘000            HK$‘000


             Customer A                                                                                     105,431            77,531
             Customer B                                                                                       68,728             N/A*
             Customer C                                                                                           N/A*        112,635
             Customer D                                                                                           N/A*         79,633



             *      Revenue from relevant customer was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue for the reporting period.




106   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




7. REVENUE

  An analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers recognised during the reporting period is
  as follows:


                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                               HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Hong Kong
  Superstructure building works                                                 210,198                  260,453
  RMAA works                                                                         462                   22,695


                                                                                210,660                  283,148


  Timing of revenue recognition
  Over time                                                                     210,660                  283,148




  The Group’s revenue represents amount received and receivable from construction contract work
  performed and is recognised over time in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 4(g) above
  for the year ended 31 March 2021 and 2020.


  The following table provides information about trade receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities
  from contracts with customers:


                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                               HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Trade receivables (note 17)                                                     10,126                   44,584
  Contract assets (note 19 (a))                                                   84,597                   75,247
  Contract liabilities (note 19 (b))                                                     –                      30




  The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed
  at the reporting date on revenue related to the provisions of superstructure building and RMAA works
  service. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. This
  usually occurs when the Group provides the invoice to the customers.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       7. REVENUE (CONTINUED)

             The contract liabilities mainly relate to the advance consideration received from customers. Approximately
             HK$30,000 (2020: approximately HK$4,935,000) of the contract liabilities as at 31 March 2020 has been
             recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 March 2021 from performance obligations satisfied in previous
             year due to the changes in the estimate stage of completion of some construction works (note 19(b)).


             As at 31 March 2021, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
             performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$748,718,000 (2020:
             approximately HK$105,458,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
             from partially-completed long-term construction contracts. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
             in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur in the next one to two years.


             The Group has applied the practical expedient to its contracts for construction services and therefore the
             above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
             satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for construction production that had an
             original expected duration of one year or less.


       8. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

             An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and losses recognised during the reporting period is as
             follows:


                                                                                                              2021                      2020
                                                                                                         HK$‘000                    HK$‘000


             Bank interest income                                                                               675                     1,488
             Government grant (note a)                                                                       3,143                         50
             Rent concession (note b)                                                                           157                          –
             Sundry income                                                                                         –                      221
             Bad debts                                                                                         (550)                         –
             Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                         (22)                       (4)


                                                                                                             3,403                      1,755



               Note (a):   Government subsidies obtained is mainly relating to supporting the payroll of the Group’s employees. The Group has
                           elected to present the government subsidies separately, rather than reducing the related expense. The Group had to
                           commit to spending the assistance on payroll expense, and not reduce employee head count below prescribed levels for a
                           specified period of time.

               Note (b):   The Group has received a rent forgiveness from landlord due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As disclosed in note 2(a) to the
                           consolidated financial statements, the Group has elected to apply the practical expedient introduced by the Amendments
                           to HKFRS 16 and all of the rent concessions entered into during the year ended 31 March 2021 satisfied the criteria to
                           apply this practical expedient.




108   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2021




9. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                      2021                    2020
                                                                                HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                30                     149




10. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSE)

  Loss before income tax credit/(expense) is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                   2021                      2020
                                                                                HK$’000                   HK$’000

  Material costs (included in cost of services)                                    15,269                   14,064
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                              500                      500
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                       531                      511
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               1,158                    1,233

  Employee benefit expenses (including directors’
    remuneration (note 12))
    – Wages and salaries                                                           28,987                   28,462
    – Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                           889                     921
    – Others                                                                            96                     158



                                                                                   29,972                   29,541


  Machinery rental expenses                                                           5,345                  4,664
  Professional fee                                                                    3,052                  3,236
  Short-term lease expenses                                                            480                     299
  (Reversal)/provision of loss allowance
    – trade receivables                                                                 (56)                 2,849
    – contract assets                                                                   18                     151
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                            22                        4




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       11. INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSE)

             The Group is subject to income tax on profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, being its principal
             place of business. The income tax credit/(expense) in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             during the reporting period represents:


                                                                                               2021                   2020
                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000


             Current income tax – Hong Kong profits tax
                Charge to profit or loss                                                            –               (1,430)
                Over provision in prior years                                                     25                   314


                                                                                                  25                (1,116)


             Deferred tax
                Recognition of unrecognised tax losses (note 22)                               1,725                     –


             Total income tax credit/(expense) for the year                                    1,750                (1,116)




             On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
             2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
             March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
             HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million
             will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime
             will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.




110   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 March 2021




11. INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSE) (CONTINUED)

   The income tax credit/(expense) for the reporting period can be reconciled to the loss before income tax
   credit/(expense) per the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                     2021                       2020
                                                                                  HK$’000                    HK$’000


   Loss before income tax credit/(expense)                                          (14,064)                     (935)


   Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 16.5%                                     (2,320)                     (154)
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                              1,225                     2,015
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                    (630)                     (246)
   Tax relief enacted by the tax authority                                                –                       (20)
   Income tax at concessionary rate                                                       –                      (165)
   Over provision in prior years                                                        (25)                     (314)


                                                                                     (1,750)                    1,116




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

   (a) Directors’ remuneration
        Directors’ remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
        Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

        Year ended 31 March 2021

                                                                                       Contributions
                                                                                           to defined
                                                            Salaries     Discretionary   contribution
                                                 Fees   and benefits          bonuses retirement plans             Total
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


        Executive Directors
        Mr. Chan Kam Tong                           –         1,370               101               18             1,489
        Mr. Chan Kam Ming                           –         1,370               101               18             1,489

        Independent Non-Executive Directors
        Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent               180              –                  –                –             180
        Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                    180              –                  –                –             180
        Mr. Wan Simon                            180              –                  –                –             180


                                                 540          2,740               202               36             3,518




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           (CONTINUED)

             (a) Directors’ remuneration (Continued)

                    Year ended 31 March 2020


                                                                                                      Contributions
                                                                                                         to defined
                                                                        Salaries   Discretionary       contribution
                                                             Fees   and benefits       bonuses      retirement plans      Total
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Executive Directors
                    Mr. Chan Kam Tong                           –           898               –                  18         916
                    Mr. Chan Kam Ming                           –           898               –                  18         916


                   Independent Non-Executive
                      Directors
                    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                180             –               –                   –         180
                    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                     180             –               –                   –         180
                    Mr. Wan Simon                             180             –               –                   –         180


                                                              540         1,796               –                  36       2,372


             (b) Five highest paid employees
                    The five highest paid employees whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended
                    31 March 2021 included 2 directors (2020: 1) and their emoluments is reflected in note 12(a). The
                    emoluments of the remaining 3 highest paid employees (2020: 4) for the year ended 31 March 2021
                    are as follows:


                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


                    Salaries and benefits                                                            3,120               4,164
                    Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                               36                 48


                                                                                                     3,156               4,212




112   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (CONTINUED)

   (b) Five highest paid employees (Continued)
        The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the bands is as
        follows:


                                                                                    2021                     2020
                                                                                  No. of                   No. of
                                                                              employee                 employee


        Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                              –                       –
        HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                     3                       4


                                                                                         3                       4




        During the year ended 31 March 2021, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors or any
        of the five highest paid employees of the Group as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group
        or as compensation for loss of office (2020: HK$ Nil). None of the directors, nor the five highest paid
        employees has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2020: None).


13. DIVIDEND

   During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Board of Directors does not declare any dividend to the
   shareholders of the Company.


   The final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 was declared and approved by
   the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 18 August 2020,
   which was paid on 18 September 2020.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       14. LOSS PER SHARE

             The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on
             the following data:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 March

                                                                                               2021                   2020


             Loss per share
             Loss for the purposes of basic loss per share (HK$’000)                         12,314                  2,051


             Number of share
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
                purposes of basic loss per share                                       800,000,000            800,000,000




             For the year ended 31 March 2021, the calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable
             to owners of the Company of approximately HK$12,314,000 (2020: approximately HK$2,051,000) and the
             weighted average number of 800,000,000 (2020: 800,000,000) ordinary shares.


             Diluted loss per share are same as the basic loss per share as there is no dilutive potential ordinary shares in
             existence during the years ended 31 March 2021 and 2020.




114   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             31 March 2021




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                           Furniture      Leasehold            Motor
                                      and equipment    improvement            vehicles              Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000


  Cost
  At 1 April 2019                               869           1,122                239               2,230
  Additions                                      15               –                227                 242
  Write-off                                      (4)              –                  –                  (4)
  Transfer from right-of-use assets               –               –                260                 260


  At 1 April 2020                               880           1,122                726               2,728
  Additions                                     186               –                  –                 186
  Write-off                                     (31)              –                  –                 (31)


  At 31 March 2021                            1,035          1,122                 726               2,883


  Accumulated depreciation
  At 1 April 2019                                82            187                  27                 296
  Provided for the year                          79            374                  58                 511
  Transfer from right-of-use assets               –              –                 260                 260


  At 1 April 2020                               161            561                 345               1,067
  Provided for the year                          81            374                  76                 531
  Write-off                                      (9)             –                   –                  (9)


  At 31 March 2021                              233            935                 421               1,589


  Net book value

  At 31 March 2021                              802            187                 305               1,294


  At 31 March 2020                              719             561                381                1,661




                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                         Other properties
                                                                      leased for own use
                                                                            carried at cost             Motor vehicle                         Total
                                                                                    HK$’000                    HK$’000                    HK$’000
                                                                                    (Note a)                   (Note b)


             Cost
             At 1 April 2019                                                            2,789                        260                      3,049
             Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                      –                      (260)                      (260)


             At 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2021                                         2,789                           –                     2,789


             Accumulated depreciation
             At 1 April 2019                                                                 –                       175                        175
             Depreciation charge for the year                                           1,148                         85                      1,233
             Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                       –                      (260)                      (260)


             At 31 March 2020                                                           1,148                           –                     1,148
             Depreciation charge for the year                                           1,158                           –                     1,158


             At 31 March 2021                                                         2,306                            –                    2,306


             Net carrying amounts


             At 31 March 2021                                                            483                           –                       483


             At 31 March 2020                                                          1,641                           –                     1,641


             Note (a):    The Group has held the right-of-use of property as its office premise through tenancy agreement. The lease typically run an
                          initial period of 3 years. The lease does not include any option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of
                          contract term.

             Note (b) :   In respect of lease arrangement for renting motor vehicles, the Group has options to purchase motor vehicles for a nominal
                          amount at the end of the lease term. The Group’s obligations are secured by the lessors’ title to the leased assets for such
                          lease.




116   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2021




17. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     2021                     2020
                                                                                HK$’000                   HK$’000


   Trade receivables                                                               10,294                   47,433
  Less: loss allowance                                                                (168)                 (2,849)


                                                                                   10,126                   44,584




   Trade receivables were mainly derived from provision of building and civil engineering construction works
   service, and are non-interest bearing. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements
   over these balances.


   The Group grants an average credit period of 30 days to its trade customers of contract works. Application
   for progress payments of contract works is made on a regular basis. Further details of the movement of
   impairment losses and the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in
   note 29(a).


   The following is an analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) by age, presented based on the
   invoice dates:


                                                                                     2021                     2020
                                                                                HK$’000                   HK$’000


   Less than one month                                                              9,276                   20,693
   More than one month but less than three months                                         –                  1,975
   More than three months but less than one year                                          –                  8,823
   More than one year but less than two years                                         850                   13,093


                                                                                   10,126                   44,584




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       18. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                        HK$’000                  HK$’000


             Non-current
             Deposits                                                                     17,899                   9,304


             Current
             Deposits                                                                     10,346                  36,550
             Prepayments                                                                  16,782                   3,122
             Other receivables                                                               516                   1,123


                                                                                          27,644                  40,795




             Included in the Group’s deposits as at 31 March 2021 were non-current deposits of HK$17,899,000 and
             current deposits of HK$8,942,000 (2020: HK$8,942,000 and HK$35,677,000), placed with an insurance
             company as security for issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction contracts.


             The balances of other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group’s
             other receivables were neither past due nor impaired as at 31 March 2021 and 2020.


       19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

             (a) Contract assets


                                                                                            2021                    2020
                                                                                        HK$’000                  HK$’000


                    Contract assets arising from:
                    Construction services                                                 84,766                  75,398
                   Less: loss allowance                                                      (169)                  (151)


                                                                                          84,597                  75,247




118   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

  (a) Contract assets (Continued)
     Construction services
     The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
     construction period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of
     significant contract assets. Additionally, the Group typically agrees one to three years retention period
     for 5% of the contract sum, which is kept in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the
     Group’s entitlement to it is conditional on the Group’s work satisfactorily passing inspection.


     Movements in contract assets:


                                                                                  2021                      2020
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


     Balance at beginning of the year                                             75,398                 120,078
     Decrease in contract assets as a result of transferring from
        contract assets to receivables                                           (52,520)                 (94,071)
     Increase in contract assets as a result of changing in
        measure of progress                                                       61,888                   49,391


     Balance at end of the year                                                   84,766                   75,398




     The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 March 2021 and 2020 is as
     follows:


                                                                                  2021                      2020
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


     Within one year                                                              84,597                   75,247




     An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs.
     The provision rates for the measurement of the ECLs of the contract assets are with reference to those
     of the trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer
     bases. The provision rates of contract assets are with reference to days past due of trade receivables
     appropriately grouped by similar loss pattern. The calculation reflects the probability weighted
     outcome, the time value of money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available at
     the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.
     Further details of the Group’s credit risk policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out
     in note 29(a).




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

             (b) Contract liabilities


                                                                                             2021                   2020
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000


                    Contract liabilities arising from:
                    Construction services                                                        –                    30




                   Construction services
                    The contract liabilities mainly related to the advance consideration received from customers.
                    Approximately HK$30,000 (2020: approximately HK$4,935,000) of the contract liabilities as at 31 March
                    2020 has been recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 March 2021 from performance obligations
                    satisfied due to the changes in the estimated stage completion of some contract obligations.


                   Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                             2021                   2020
                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000


                    Balance at beginning of the year                                           30                  4,935
                    Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
                      revenue during the year that was included in the
                      contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                        (30)                (4,935)
                    Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in
                      advance of construction service                                            –                    30


                    Balance at end of the year (note 7)                                          –                    30




120   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 31 March 2021




20. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES

                                                                                               2021                      2020
                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Trade payables                                                                             38,964                    60,520
  Retention money payables (note)                                                            13,153                    23,857


                                                                                             52,117                    84,377



  Note:      Retention monies from sub-contractors of contract works are released by the Group after the completion of maintenance
             period of the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts.



  An ageing analysis of trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice dates, is as
  follows:


                                                                                               2021                      2020
                                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Less than one month                                                                        24,662                    34,197
  More than one month but less than three months                                               7,536                   16,867
  More than three months but less than one year                                                4,768                     3,060
  More than one year but less than two years                                                   1,998                     6,396


                                                                                             38,964                    60,520




                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021      121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       21. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                             Other properties
                                                           leased for own use
                                                                carried at cost      Motor vehicle                Total
                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000               HK$’000


             At 1 April 2019                                             2,789                  30                2,819
             Interest expense                                              144                   5                  149
             Lease payments                                             (1,182)                (35)              (1,217)


             At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                           1,751                   –                1,751


             Interest expense                                               30                   –                   30
             Rent concessions (note 8(b))                                 (157)                  –                 (157)
             Lease payments                                             (1,102)                  –               (1,102)


             At 31 March 2021                                              522                   –                  522




             The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
             the reporting period:


                                                                   Minimum
                                                                       lease
                                                                   payments               Interest       Present value
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


             At 1 April 2021
             Not later than one year                                      525                    3                 522
             Later than one year and not later
               than two years                                                –                   –                    –


                                                                          525                    3                 522


             At 1 April 2020
             Not later than one year                                    1,260                   30               1,230
             Later than one year and not later
               than two years                                             525                    4                 521


                                                                        1,785                   34               1,751




122   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2021




21. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

   The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                    2021                      2020
                                                                                 HK$’000                   HK$’000


   Current liabilities                                                                 522                    1,230
   Non-current liabilities                                                               –                      521


                                                                                       522                    1,751




22. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

   The component of deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and
   the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                        Tax losses
                                                                                                         HK$’000


   At 1 April 2019, 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                –
   Credit to profit or loss                                                                                   1,725


   At 31 March 2021                                                                                           1,725


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that utilisation of the related
   tax losses through the future taxable profits is probable. The tax losses can be utilised for offsetting future
   taxable profits of the Group.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       23. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                         2021        2020
                                                          Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Investments in subsidiaries                               60,140      60,139


             Current assets
             Amount due from a subsidiary                              81,908      65,411
             Prepayments and other receivables                            241         256
             Cash and cash equivalents                                 17,938      32,036


                                                                      100,087      97,703


             Current liabilities
             Accruals                                                     480         505
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                 5,582       5,582


                                                                        6,062       6,087


             NET CURRENT ASSETS                                        94,025      91,616


             NET ASSETS                                               154,165     151,755


             Capital and reserves
             Share capital                                 24           8,000       8,000
             Reserves                                      24         146,165     143,755


             TOTAL EQUITY                                             154,165     151,755




             On behalf of the Board of Directors




                              Chan Kam Tong                       Chan Kam Ming
                                   Director                          Director




124   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2021




24. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                                                                              Number of
                                                                                   shares                Amount
                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Authorised:
  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
  As at 1 April 2019, 31 March 2020,
        1 April 2020 and 31 March 2021                                     1,500,000,000                    15,000


  Issued and fully paid:
  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
  As at 1 April 2019, 31 March 2020,
        1 April 2020 and 31 March 2021                                       800,000,000                     8,000


  Reserves
  Details of movements of the Group’s reserves are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
  equity on page 84.


  (i)     Share premium
          Share premium is the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the shares of the
          Company issued at a premium, less the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issue of
          the shares.


  (ii)    Capital reserve
          Capital reserve represents the aggregate of the share capital of Head Fame and investment from pre-
          IPO investors.


  (iii) Retained earnings
          Retained earnings represent the cumulative profit or loss recognised.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       24. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

             Reserves (Continued)
             (iii) Retained earnings (Continued)
                    Details of movements of the Company’s reserves are set out below.


                                                                            Share   Contributed   Accumulated
                                                                         premium        surplus        losses       Total
                                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


                    At 1 April 2019                                        88,035        60,139         (2,051)   146,123

                    Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year           –             –         (2,368)     (2,368)


                    At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                      88,035        60,139         (4,419)   143,755

                    Dividend paid (note 13)                                     –             –         (8,000)     (8,000)

                    Profit and total comprehensive income for the year          –             –        10,410      10,410


                    At 31 March 2021                                      88,035        60,139         (2,009)    146,165




126   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                      31 March 2021




25. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   As at the date of this report, the Company had direct or indirect interests in the subsidiaries as set out
   below.

                                 Place and date of               Percentage of equity
                                 incorporation and form of        attributable to the       Issued and fully paid      Principal activities and
   Name of entity                business structure                   Company               ordinary share capital     principal place of business
                                                                   Direct      Indirect


   Century Success Limited       BVI, 11 January 2017, limited      100%                –   US$300 divided into 300    Investment holding, Hong Kong
                                   liability company                                         shares of US$1 each


   Head Fame Company Limited     Hong Kong, 23 August 1985,             –        100%       HK$500,000 divided into    Provision of superstructure
                                   limited liability company                                 500,000 shares              building and RMAA works
                                                                                                                         service as a main contractor,
                                                                                                                         Hong Kong


   Acquire Success Limited       BVI, 18 August 2020, limited       100%                –   US$100 divided into 100    Investment holding, Hong Kong
                                   liability company                                         shares of US$1 each


   Acquire Success (Hong Kong)   Hong Kong, 28 August 2020,             –        100%       HK$100 divided into 100    Inactive, Hong Kong
    Limited                        limited liability company                                 shares



26. LEASE COMMITMENTS

   Group as lessee
   Future lease payments are recognized as lease liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position
   except for short-term leases and low-value assets, in accordance with the policies set out in note 4(d), and
   the details regarding the Group’s future lease payments are disclosed in note 21.


   The commitments for minimum leases payments in relation to the leases that account for short-term lease
   are shown below.


   The Group leases office premises which run for less than one year and simplified accounting is applied to
   short-term leases. The total future minimum lease payments payable by the Group under non-cancellable
   short-term leases are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2021                           2020
                                                                                                              HK$’000                        HK$’000


   Within one year                                                                                                    502                            70




                                                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021         127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

             Key management personnel remuneration represents emoluments paid to the directors of the Company as
             set out in note 12.


       28. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

             Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                      Lease          Dividend
                                                                                  liabilities         payable
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


             At 1 April 2019                                                          2,819                  –


             Change from financing cash flows:
             Interest paid                                                              (149)                –
             Repayments of lease liabilities                                          (1,068)                –


             Total changes from financing cash flows                                  (1,217)                –


             Other changes:
             Interest expenses on leases                                                149                  –


             At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                        1,751                  –


             Interest paid                                                               (30)                –
             Repayments of lease liabilities                                          (1,072)                –
             Dividend paid                                                                 –            (8,000)


                                                                                      (1,102)           (8,000)


             Other changes:
             Interest expenses on leases                                                  30                 –
             Rent concessions (note 8(b))                                               (157)                –
             Dividend declared                                                             –             8,000


             At 31 March 2021                                                           522                  –




128   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2021




29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

  The Group’s principal financial assets are trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and cash and
  cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations. Principal financial liabilities of the Group include
  trade and retention money payables, accruals and lease liabilities. The main purpose of these financial
  liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations.


  The Group has not issued and does not hold any financial instruments for trading purposes at the end of
  each of the reporting period. The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk,
  liquidity risk and interest rate risk.


  The Group’s financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate resources are available to
  manage the above risks and to create value for its shareholders.


  (a) Credit risk
        Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its
        obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The
        Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from granting credit to customers in the ordinary course
        of its business.


        The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identifies either
        individually or by group, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Group’s
        policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties.


        The Group was exposed to the concentration of credit risk as at 31 March 2021 on trade receivables
        and contract assets. As at 31 March 2021, approximately 39% (2020: approximately 31%) and
        approximately 93% (2020: approximately 91%) of the total trade receivables and contract assets was
        due from the largest and top five largest debtors respectively. Further quantitative data in respect of
        the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed in notes 17 and 19.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                    The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


                                                                                                    Trade
                                                                                              receivables
                    Internal                                                                and contract               Other
                    credit rating              Description                                          assets    financial assets


                    Low risk                   The counterparty has a low risk of          Lifetime ECL –      12-month ECL
                                                  default and does not have any                not credit-         not credit-
                                                  past-due amounts                               impaired            impaired



                    Doubtful                   There have been significant                 Lifetime ECL –      Lifetime ECL –
                                                  increases in credit risk since initial       not credit-         not credit-
                                                  recognition through information                impaired            impaired
                                                  developed internally or external
                                                  resources


                    Loss                       There is evidence indicating the            Lifetime ECL –      Lifetime ECL –
                                                  asset is credit-impaired                 credit-impaired    credit-impaired


                    Write-off                  There is evidence indicating that                Amount is          Amount is
                                                  the debtor is in severe financial             written off        written off
                                                  difficulty and the Group has no
                                                  realistic prospect of recovery




130   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 March 2021




29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
      The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
      ECL assessment:


                                                                                        Gross carrying amount
                                Internal credit rating    12-month or lifetime ECL           2021             2020
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


      Financial assets at
        amortised cost


      Trade receivables         Low risk                  Lifetime ECL –                    9,294           20,734
        (Note 17)                                           not credit-impaired
                                Doubtful                  Lifetime ECL –                         –           9,524
                                                            not credit-impaired
                                Loss                      Lifetime ECL –                    1,000           17,175
                                                            credit-impaired


                                                                                           10,294           47,433


      Deposits and other        Low risk                  12-month ECL –                   28,761           46,977
        receivables (Note 18)                               not credit-impaired


      Contract assets           Low risk                  Lifetime ECL –                   84,766           75,398
        (Note 19)                                           not credit-impaired


      Cash and cash             Low risk                  12-month ECL –                   88,960          108,991
        equivalents                                         not credit-impaired




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                   Trade receivables and contract assets
                    The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal
                    to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix through grouping of various debtors
                    that have similar loss patterns, after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, ageing,
                    repayment history and/or past due status or respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are
                    based on historical observed default rates over the past five years and are adjusted for forward-
                    looking information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. In
                    addition, trade receivables and contract assets that has been a significant increase in credit risk, the
                    management measures the credit-impaired debtors for ECL individually. In this regard, the Directors
                    of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly increased.


                    During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group provided impairment allowance for contract assets
                    of approximately HK$18,000 and reversal of loss allowance for trade receivable of approximately
                    HK$56,000 (2020: impairment allowance for trade receivables and contract assets of approximately
                    HK$224,000 and approximately HK$151,000, respectively) based on the provision matrix. At 31 march
                    2020, impairment allowance of approximately HK$2,625,000 was made on trade receivables with
                    credit-impaired debtors.


                    The Group writes off a trade receivable measured at amortised cost or an other receivable when
                    there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic
                    prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                    bankruptcy proceedings. During the year ended 31 March 2021, a write-off of trade receivables with
                    a gross carrying amount of approximately HK$2,625,000 resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of
                    approximately HK$2,625,000.


                   Other receivables and deposits
                    The management of the Group regularly reviews and assesses the credit quality of the counterparties.
                    The Group uses 12-month ECL to assess the loss allowance of other receivables and deposits since
                    these receivables are not past due and there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
                    initial recognition. In this regard, the Directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
                    not significant.


                   Bank balances
                    The credit risks on bank balances are limited because the counterparties are financial institutions with
                    high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.




132   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
      The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for financial assets
      measured at amortised cost.


                                                         Trade receivables                           Contract assets
                                                           (Lifetime ECL–     Trade receivables       (Lifetime ECL –
                                                                not credit       (Lifetime ECL–            not credit
                                                                impaired)      credit impaired)            impaired)
                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000


      At 1 April 2019                                                    –                    –                     –
      Impairment losses recognised                                    224                 2,625                  151


      As at 31 March 2020                                             224                 2,625                  151
      Amount written off during the year                                 –               (2,625)                    –
      Impairment losses (reversal)/recognized                         (206)                 150                   18


      As at 31 March 2021                                              18                   150                  169


      Average loss rate
      At 31 March 2021                                              0.19%               15.00%                 0.19%


      At 31 March 2020                                              0.74%               15.28%                 0.20%




      The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
      life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
      cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information
      about specific debtors is updated. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics
      as the trade receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the
      loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             (b) Liquidity risk
                    Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with
                    its financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and
                    retention money payables, accruals and other payables and lease liabilities, and also in respect of its
                    cash flow management.


                    The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                    it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
                    financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. In the opinion
                    of the directors of the Company, the Group was able to comply with all covenants of the banking
                    facilities as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020.


                    The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group throughout the reporting period and are
                    considered to have been effective in managing liquidity risks.


                    The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
                    liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
                    based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other
                    non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both
                    interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted
                    amount is derived from interest rates at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                   Total
                                                                                            contractual             Within
                                                                           Carrying      undiscounted          one year or
                                                                            amount            cash flow        on demand
                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


                    At 31 March 2021
                    Trade and retention money payables                       52,117             52,117              52,117
                    Accruals and other payables                              13,557             13,557              13,557
                    Lease liabilities                                           522                 525                525


                                                                             66,196             66,199              66,199




134   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2021




29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                        Total                          More than
                                                                 contractual            Within          one year
                                                   Carrying    undiscounted        one year or      but less than
                                                    amount         cash flow       on demand           two years
                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


      At 31 March 2020
      Trade and retention money payables              84,377          84,377             84,377                  –
      Accruals and other payables                     10,523          10,523             10,523                  –
      Lease liabilities                                1,751            1,785             1,260               525


                                                      96,651          96,685             96,160               525




  (c) Interest rate risk
      The Group has significant bank deposits with floating interest rate which are exposed to cash flow
      interest rate risk. During the year, the Group has not hedged its cash flow and fair value interest rate
      risks. The Directors consider the Group’s exposure to cash flow interest rate risk on the bank deposits
      is insignificant as most deposits bear variable interest rates which have not significantly fluctuated in
      recent years.


      Sensitivity analysis on bank deposits is not presented as the Director consider that the Group’s
      exposure to interest rate fluctuations on bank deposits is insignificant.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2021




       30. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

             The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
             concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an
             optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth. The
             Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future
             capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns.


             The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debts divided by total equity. Total debts
             represent the total balance of lease liabilities as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.
             The Group aims to maintain the gearing ratio at a reasonable level.


                                                                                              2021                  2020
                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000


             Lease liabilities                                                                 522                 1,751
             Less: cash and cash equivalents                                               (88,960)             (108,991)


             Net cash                                                                      (88,438)             (107,240)


             Total equity                                                                 167,957                188,271


             Net debt to equity ratio                                                          N/A                  N/A




136   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 March 2021




31. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY
    CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities as at the end of
   the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                             2021                     2020
                                                                                        HK$’000                   HK$’000


   Financial assets measured at amortised cost
   Trade receivables                                                                       10,126                   44,584
   Deposits and other receivables                                                          28,761                   46,977
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                               88,960                 108,991


                                                                                         127,847                  200,552


   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   Trade and retention money payables                                                      52,117                   84,377
   Accruals and other payables                                                             13,557                   10,523
   Lease liabilities                                                                          522                    1,751


                                                                                           66,196                   96,651




32. LITIGATION

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group was a defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential
   claims relating to employee’s compensation cases and personal injury claims. In the opinion of the
   directors, the possibility of any outflow of resources in settling these claims is remote and accordingly no
   provision for liabilities in respect of these litigations is necessary.


33. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the directors on 23 June
   2021.




                                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021   137
      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


       A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
       as extracted from the published annual report and audited financial statements, is set out below:


       RESULTS

                                                                                    Year ended 31 March
                                                           2021                2020               2019         2018       2017
                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


       Revenue                                         210,660              283,148            425,773      448,556     371,698


       (Loss)/profit before income
         tax credit/(expense)                           (14,064)               (935)            22,383       29,099      27,809
       Income tax credit/(expense)                        1,750              (1,116)             (5,559)     (5,775)     (5,334)


       (Loss)/profit for the year                       (12,314)             (2,051)            16,824       23,324      22,475


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                          (12,314)             (2,051)            16,824       23,324      22,475


                                                       (12,314)              (2,051)            16,824       23,324      22,475



       ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TOTAL EQUITY

                                                                                        At 31 March
                                                          2021                2020                2019        2018        2017
                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


       Total assets                                   234,153              284,952            298,567      187,080      98,560
       Total liabilities                               (66,196)            (96,681)          (108,245)     (103,617)    (53,421)


       NET ASSETS                                     167,957              188,271            190,322       83,463      45,139


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                        167,957              188,271            190,322       83,463      45,139
       TOTAL EQUITY                                   167,957              188,271            190,322       83,463      45,139


       Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




138   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2021
