                                                                           CONTENTS


CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                               2


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                4


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                5


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  7


BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                 13


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                            19


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                        32


ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                          45


INDEPENDENT AUDTIOR’S REPORT                                                                       76


AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                 81


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                   82


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                    83


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                           84


    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 86


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                      142




                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
                                                            AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Executive Directors                                     BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)             Offices F & G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza
    Mr. Tang Chi Kin (appointed on 24 January 2022)         No.3 Tai Yau Street
                                                            San Po Kong
    Independent Non-executive Directors                     Kowloon
                                                            Hong Kong
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
    Mr. Wan Simon
    Mr. Zhang Jue (appointed on 14 January 2022)            REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)
                                                            71 Fort Street
                                                            P.O. Box 500
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                            George Town,
    Mr. Zhang Jue (Chairman)                                Grand Cayman KY1-1106
     (appointed on 14 January 2022)                         Cayman Islands
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
    Mr. Wan Simon                                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)
                                                            The Bank of East Asia, Limited
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                  G/F, Kalok Building
                                                            720-722 Nathan Road
    Mr. Wan Simon (Chairman)                                Mongkok
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                       Kowloon
    Mr. Zhang Jue (appointed on 14 January 2022)            Hong Kong
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)
                                                            The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                    Corporation Limited
                                                            HSBC Main Building
    Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                            1 Queen’s Road Central
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                              Central
    Mr. Wan Simon                                           Hong Kong


                                                            Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
    COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                            Hong Kong Branch
                                                            20 Pedder Street
    Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson (appointed on 12 January 2022)
    Mr. Wong Chi Chui (resigned on 12 January 2022)         Central
                                                            Hong Kong

    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

    Mr. Chan Kam Tong
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming



2   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                           CORPORATE INFORMATION


Industrial and Commercial Bank of          COMPANY’S WEBSITE
China (Asia) Limited
34/F, ICBC Tower                           www.headfame.com.hk
3 Garden Road                              (the content of which do not form part of this report)
Central
Hong Kong
                                           STOCK CODE
LEGAL ADVISER                              1783

As to Hong Kong Law
Guantao & Chow Solicitors and Notaries
Suites 1801-03
18/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong


AUDITOR

BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
25th Floor, Wing On Centre
111 Connaught Road Central
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE
CAYMAN ISLANDS

Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited
71 Fort Street
P.O. Box 500
George Town
Grand Cayman, KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
Level 54, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong



                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                              2022           2021
                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000


    Revenue                                               591,900         210,660
    Loss before income tax (expense)/credit                (18,841)       (14,064)
    Loss attributable to owners of the Company             (19,391)       (12,314)
    Loss per share
      – basic and diluted (HK cent)                     (2.42 cents)   (1.54 cents)




4   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”), I hereby present to you the annual report of the
Company for the year ended 31 March 2022.


OVERVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition
(“RMAA”) works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong. Superstructure building works refer to the building
works in relation to the parts of the structure above the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure
building works contracts mostly consists of development projects for residential and commercial buildings.
RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance, alteration and addition works for an existing structure.


The Group reported a net loss of approximately HK$19.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2022, increased by
approximately HK$7.1 million, compared to that of approximately HK$12.3 million for the year ended 31 March
2021.


The increase in net loss was primarily attributable to the following combined effect of:


(i)     increase in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 substantially due to (a)
        revenue recognised from three sizeable projects for superstructure building works awarded in 2020 of which
        the construction works commenced by the year ended 31 March 2021 and were in full swing during the year
        ended 31 March 2022; and (b) the increase in value of variation works from one project being approved;


(ii)    increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to the income from the variation order works of certain works
        done from construction projects being approved, resulting in gross profit for the year ended 31 March
        2022; and


(iii)   one-off fair value loss of derivative financial liability of approximately HK$19.1 million for the year ended 31
        March 2022 (2021: HK$Nil).


GOING FORWARD

During the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group was successfully
awarded several sizeable building construction contracts. Facing the uncertain economic outlook, the Group is
still cautiously optimistic in maintaining the Group’s construction business and competitiveness in the future.


Looking ahead, the Group will adopt a cautious approach. Firstly, the economy in Hong Kong is expected to
recover after dominated effects by the pandemic. There will be more projects available for tender amid of a
further competitive environment. The Board foresees the Group’s profit and profit margin will continue to be
under pressure. Within the Group, we are transforming and exploring new business opportunities, including
expansion of existing business.




                                                                           Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    With the increasing awareness of environmental protection globally and greater emphasis in environmental,
    social and governance (“ESG”) by stakeholders, there is the trend of green buildings construction and the Group
    envisions to develop its unique competitiveness by exploring solutions to integrate environmental technologies
    with building construction including but not limited to research and application of green construction materials.
    Further, in order to diversify our source of income and attain growth in the long term, the Group considers
    that the environmental protection business in Hong Kong is a suitable long-term business opportunity for the
    Company.


    On the other hand, the Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong rolled out a HK$2 billion “EV-
    charging at Home Subsidy Scheme” (“EHSS”) to subsidise the installation of EV charging-enabling infrastructure
    in car parks of existing private residential buildings, and hence further facilitate electric vehicle (“EV”) owners to
    install EV chargers at car parks of their residences according to their own needs in the future in a simple and easy
    manner. The EHSS will run for about 3 years with a view to covering roughly 60,000 private parking spaces. The
    Group thus believes there will be more EHSS related construction projects available for tender. During the year
    ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group was successfully confirmed one EHSS
    construction contract as a subcontractor.


    The Group will continue to monitor the situations of the pandemic and assess the overall impacts of the
    pandemic towards the Group’s businesses in both superstructure building works, RMAA works and other new
    construction work opportunities. In addition, the Group will endeavour on applying its core competencies to
    raise customer satisfactions, in order to ensure sustainable growth and profitability of the Group. The Board
    is confident and cautiously optimistic that, with the foreseeable robust post-pandemic economic recovery, the
    economic conditions of Hong Kong and the construction industry in Hong Kong will resume back on track step
    by step. We continue to be exploring the potential business developments of other construction sectors and
    investment opportunities to diversify the Group’s risk profile and expand the profit base for the shareholders of
    the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”).


    In view of uncertainties in the market, the Group will explore ESG related business to enhance business
    sustainability and actively identify other business opportunities which are beneficial to the long-term
    development of the Group to create more value for the Shareholders.


    APPRECIATION

    On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to all the stakeholders, including but not limited to
    customers, suppliers, banks, business partners and shareholders of the Group for their continuous support, as
    well as the management team and the employees of the Group for their invaluable services and contributions.




    Chan Kam Tong
    Chairman


    Hong Kong, 24 June 2022



6   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activities of the Group are the provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service as a
main contractor in Hong Kong.

Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure.

The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$591.9 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$381.2 million, or 180.9% compared to approximately HK$210.7
million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The increase in total revenue was mainly attributable to increase
from superstructure building work of approximately HK$379.5 million and RMAA works of approximately HK$1.7
million, respectively.

Superstructure building works
During the year ended 31 March 2022, there were 6 (2021: 6) superstructure building works projects contributing
revenue of approximately HK$589.7 million (2021: approximately HK$210.2 million) to this business segment.

RMAA works
During the year ended 31 March 2022, there were 8 (2021: 3) RMAA works projects contributing revenue of
approximately HK$2.2 million (2021: approximately HK$0.5 million) to this business segment. The increase in the
number of RMAA works projects awarded was mainly due to the increase in the number of projects which are
available for tender during the year ended 31 March 2022.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    OUTLOOK

    During the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Group was successfully awarded
    several sizeable building construction contracts. Facing the uncertain economic outlook, the Group is still
    cautiously optimistic in maintaining the Group’s construction business and competitiveness in the future.


    Looking ahead, the Group will adopt a cautious approach. Firstly, the economy in Hong Kong is expected to
    recover after dominated effects by the pandemic. There will be more projects available for tender amid of a
    further competitive environment. The Board foresees the Group’s profit and profit margin will continue to be
    under pressure. Within the Group, we are transforming and exploring new business opportunities, including
    expansion of existing business.


    With the increasing awareness of environmental protection globally and greater emphasis in ESG by
    stakeholders, there is the trend of green buildings construction and the Group envisions to develop its unique
    competitiveness by exploring solutions to integrate environmental technologies with building construction
    including but not limited to the research and application of green construction materials. Further, in order to
    diversify our source of income and attain growth in the long term, the Group considers that the environmental
    protection business in Hong Kong is a suitable long-term business opportunity for the Company.


    On the other hand, the Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong rolled out a HK$2 billion EHSS
    to subsidise the installation of EV charging-enabling infrastructure in car parks of existing private residential
    buildings, and hence further facilitate EV owners to install EV chargers at car parks of their residences according
    to their own needs in the future in a simple and easy manner. The EHSS will run for about 3 years with a view
    to covering roughly 60,000 private parking spaces. The Group thus believes there will be more EHSS related
    construction projects available for tender. During the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report,
    the Group was successfully confirmed one EHSS construction contract as a subcontractor.


    The Group will continue to monitor the situations of the pandemic and assess the overall impacts of the
    pandemic towards the Group’s businesses in both superstructure building works, RMAA works and other new
    construction work opportunities. In addition, the Group will endeavour on applying its core competencies to
    raise customer satisfactions, in order to ensure sustainable growth and profitability of the Group. The Board
    is confident and cautiously optimistic that, with the foreseeable robust post-pandemic economic recovery, the
    economic conditions of Hong Kong and the construction industry in Hong Kong will resume back on track step
    by step.




8   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue
The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$591.9 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$381.2 million, or 180.9% compared to approximately HK$210.7
million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The increase in total revenue was mainly attributable to the increase
in revenue from superstructure building works of approximately HK$379.5 million and the increase in revenue
from RMAA works of approximately HK$1.7 million. The increase in revenue recognised by the Group for the
year ended 31 March 2022 was substantially due to (a) revenue recognised from three sizeable projects for
superstructure building works awarded in 2020 of which the construction works commenced by the year ended
31 March 2021 and were in full swing during the year ended 31 March 2022; and (b) the increase in value of
variation works from one project being approved.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$26.8 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$23.7 million, or approximately 764.5% compared to approximately
HK$3.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The overall gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March
2022 increased to approximately 4.5% as compared to approximately 1.5% for the year ended 31 March 2021.
Such increase in gross profit was attributable to the increase in the revenue of the Group and the Group’s gross
profit margin as discussed above. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to the income from the
variation order works of certain works done from construction projects has been approved, resulting in gross
profit for the year ended 31 March 2022.


Other Income, Gains and Losses
The other income, gains and losses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately
HK$0.3 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$3.1 million or 91.2% compared to approximately
HK$3.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the net effect of: (i) increase
in compensation income from insurance for a completed project in prior years during the year ended 31 March
2022; (ii) decrease in interest income from fixed deposit with licensed bank in Hong Kong for the year ended 31
March 2022; and (iii) decrease in a series of government subsidies in relation to COVID-19 and one-off 25% rent
concession in the corresponding period in 2021. The details of other income, gains and losses were disclosed in
note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Administrative and Other Expenses
     The administrative and other expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to
     approximately HK$25.9 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$5.3 million or 25.7% compared to
     approximately HK$20.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The increase was mainly due to (i) increase in
     salary and directors’ remuneration of approximately HK$3.8 million; and (ii) increase in legal and professional fee
     of approximately HK$0.8 million.


     Loss Attributable to Owners of the Company
     The Group reported loss attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 increased
     by approximately HK$7.1 million to approximately HK$19.4 million, as compared to that of approximately
     HK$12.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The main reasons for the increase in net loss were primarily
     attributable to the combined effect of the reason as stated in the section “FINANCIAL REVIEW” above and
     the one-off fair value loss of derivative financial liability of approximately HK$19.1 million for the year ended 31
     March 2022 (2021: HK$Nil).


     Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
     As at 31 March 2022, the Group had a total cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$87.2 million (31
     March 2021: approximately HK$89.0 million).


     Current ratio (total current assets: total current liabilities) decreased from approximately 3.2 as at 31 March
     2021 to approximately 1.71 as at 31 March 2022, mainly due to increase in trade and retention money payables.
     Gearing ratio was nil as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.


     The capital structure of the Group consisted of equity of approximately HK$155.9 million (31 March 2021:
     approximately HK$168.0 million) and debts (lease liabilities) of approximately HK$0.7 million as at 31 March 2022
     (31 March 2021: approximately HK$0.5 million).


     Treasury Policy
     The Group adopts a prudent approach in cash management. Apart from certain debts including lease liabilities,
     the Group did not have any material outstanding debts as at 31 March 2022.


     Foreign Exchange Exposure
     As the Group only operates in Hong Kong and all of the revenue and transactions arising from its operations
     were settled in Hong Kong dollar, the Board is of the view that the Group’s foreign exchange rate risks are
     insignificant during the year ended 31 March 2022.


     Capital Expenditures
     Total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$7.5 million (2021:
     approximately HK$0.2 million) on acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Save as disclosure of the tower
     crane disclosed in the announcements dated 9 February 2022, 25 February 2022 and 28 February 2022, capital
     expenditure was funded by internal resources.




10   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Contingent Liabilities and Claims
Save as disclosed in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group had no
other contingent liabilities and claims as at 31 March 2022.


Capital Commitments
As at 31 March 2022, there were no significant capital commitments for the Group.


Significant Investments Held, Acquisition and Disposal
Except for investment in its subsidiaries, the Group did not hold any significant investments during the year
ended 31 March 2022.


On 3 September 2021, Acquire Success Limited (“ASL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
into a sale and purchase agreement with two individual vendors, pursuant to which the vendors agreed to
sell and ASL agreed to purchase all the issued shares of Builders Company Limited. Details are set out in the
announcement of the Company dated 3 September 2021.


Save as disclosed above, there were no acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by
the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022.


Charges on Assets
As at 31 March 2022, the Group had bank facilities which were guaranteed by the Company. The Group had
certain surety bonds being secured by certain deposits payment from a subsidiary of the Group, all of which were
guaranteed by the Company.


Segment Information
Segmental information is presented for the Group as disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
in this annual report.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     USE OF NET PROCEEDS

     Net proceeds from the Listing
     The Company successfully listed the ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board (the
     “Listing”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 22 August 2018 (the
     “Listing Date”) and a total of 200,000,000 shares by way of public offer and placing at a price of HK$0.55 each
     were offered for subscription. The net proceeds from the Listing (the “Net Proceeds”), after deducting the
     underwriting fees, the Stock Exchange trading fee and Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy and
     listing expenses in connection with the Listing, amounted to approximately HK$78.5 million. The Group intends
     to apply the Net Proceeds in accordance with the proposed applications set out in the section headed “Future
     Plans and Use of Proceeds” to the prospectus of the Company dated 7 August 2018. As at 31 March 2022, all of
     the Net Proceeds had been fully utilised.


     Employees and Remuneration Policies
     As at 31 March 2022, the Group employed a total of 72 employees (including executive Directors) compared
     to a total of 66 employees as at 31 March 2021. The total salaries and related costs (including Directors’
     remuneration) for the year ended 31 March 2022 were approximately HK$37.9 million (2021: approximately
     HK$30.0 million). The remuneration package of the Group offered to our employees includes salary, bonuses
     and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group would determine each employee’s salaries based on
     their qualifications, position and seniorities. The Group has devised an annual review system to assess the
     performance of our employees, which forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises, distribution of
     bonuses and promotions.


     The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Board and recommended by the remuneration committee
     of the Company, having considered the factors such as the Group’s financial performance and the individual
     performance of the Directors, etc.


     The Company has adopted a share option scheme to provide incentive and rewards to the Directors and eligible
     employees for their contribution to the Group.




12   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chan Kam Tong（陳金棠）(“Mr. KT Chan”), aged 60, is the chairman of the Board and an executive Director.
He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive Director and appointed
as the chairman of the Board on 25 July 2018. Mr. KT Chan is the co-founder of Head Fame Company Limited
(“Head Fame”), our operating subsidiary, and has been a director of Head Fame since 22 April 2002. He is also a
director of Century Success Limited, Acquire Success Limited and Acquire Success (Hong Kong) Limited. Mr. KT
Chan is responsible for the overall strategic planning, business development, and corporate management and
sales and marketing of the Group.


Mr. KT Chan has over 35 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in 1985.
Mr. KT Chan also holds public position in the construction industry. He is currently a director of Hong Kong
General Building Contractors Association Limited and a Council Member of the Tenth Committee of Hong Kong
General Building Contractors Association.


Mr. KT Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Construction Engineering & Management from The
Queen’s University of Brighton in July 2006. He completed a long distance course and obtained an Entrepreneur
MBA Certificate for construction industry awarded by Distance Education College of Fudan University（復旦大學
網路教育學院）in September 2006.


Mr. KT Chan is the cousin of Mr. Chan Kam Ming.


Mr. Chan Kam Ming（陳金明）(“Mr. KM Chan”), aged 59, is the chief executive officer of the Company and
an executive Director. He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive
Director and appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on 25 July 2018. Mr. KM Chan is the co-
founder of Head Fame and has been a director of Head Fame since 5 February 2001. He is also a director of
Century Success Limited, Acquire Success Limited and Acquire Success (Hong Kong) Limited. Mr. KM Chan is
responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions of the
Group.


Mr. KM Chan has over 35 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in
1985. His responsibilities in the Group include formulating and determining corporate and business strategies,
making major operation decisions, monitoring the business operations, estimating the construction projects,
administrating tendering matters, as well as reviewing and approving main contracts and subcontracts.


Mr. KM Chan is the cousin of Mr. KT Chan.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Tang Chi Kin（鄧志堅）(“Mr. Tang”), aged 59, is appointed as an executive Director on 24 January 2022.
     Mr. Tang is the director of Well Brand Development Limited and Smart Mind Construction Limited, companies
     incorporated in Hong Kong, which are principally engaged in construction. Mr. Tang is also serving as the
     chairman of the Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial Association Limited – Tai Po Branch and the vice-
     president of Hong Kong Hakka Associations.


     Mr. Tang has over 30 years’ experience in working in the field of construction industry and he is responsible
     for broadening the business network and exploring new opportunities of development of the Group. Mr. Tang
     graduated from his secondary school in the Mainland China.



     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent（侯穎承）(“Mr. Hau”), aged 49, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 24 July 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
     and nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). He is primarily responsible for
     providing independent judgement on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key
     appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


     Mr. Hau obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Laws from The University of Hong Kong in December 1994. Mr. Hau
     was admitted in August 1997 as a solicitor of the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
     and is still currently practising as a solicitor. He served as an assistant solicitor in Joseph S.C. Chan & Co.
     Solicitors from August 1997 and later served as a partner from September 2000 to May 2006. Since May 2006,
     Mr. Hau has been serving as a senior partner in Messrs. V. Hau & Chow. He is now the honorary legal advisors of
     Hong Kong Chinese Civil Servants’ Association, Hong Kong Nurses General Union and Shining Stars Foundation
     Hong Kong.


     Mr. Hau focuses his practice on commercial transactions, litigation, banking and insolvency. He has experience in
     advising on compliance matters for listed companies and handling criminal cases involving directors of a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Since November 2015, Mr. Hau has been a director
     of WLS Limited, which is a subsidiary of Milan Station Holdings Limited (stock code: 1150) and is engaged in
     retailing of spa and wellness products. Mr. Hau is in charge of the business operation, cash flow and compliance
     matters for WLS Limited and assists to prepare and review the commercial documents for Milan Station Holdings
     Limited.




14   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Zhang Jue（張掘）(“Mr. Zhang”), aged 36, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 14
January 2022. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the remuneration committee
of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”). He is primarily responsible for providing independent
judgement on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of
conduct of the Group.


Mr. Zhang has over 13 years of experience in various areas, including investment, financial management,
market research and auditing. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Zhang worked as a senior manager from December
2012 to December 2013 and as the financial controller from December 2013 to June 2014 in China New Town
Development Company Limited, the shares of which is listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 1278). From December 2012 to June 2017, he served as a vice president in Beijing Black Eagle Fu Cheng
Investment Management Co. Ltd.*（北京黑鷹富成投資管理有限公司）and/or its related companies. Since July
2017, he served as a vice general manager of Beijing Qingkong Xinye Investment Management Co. Ltd.*（北京
⻘控新業投資管理有限公司）. Mr. Zhang is currently a director of CCL Cold Storage Logistics Co., Ltd.*（北京中
冷物流股份有限公司）and Shanghai Shaohua Culture Communication Co. Ltd.*（上海韶華文化傳播股份有限公
司）, the shares of which are quoted on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations of the PRC (stock code:
835382 and 871677, respectively). Mr. Zhang is also currently serving as an independent non-executive director
of Ruixin International Holdings Limited, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
724) since February 2016.


Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree with a major in Financial Management from Shanghai University of
Finance and Economics in 2007 and a Master’s degree of Accounting from Tsinghua University in 2015.


Mr. Wan Simon（溫耀祥）(“Mr. Wan”), aged 54, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 24
July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and
Nomination Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgement on issues of strategy,
policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


Mr. Wan has over 26 years of experience in the sales and marketing of the building materials or interior products.
Prior to joining the Group, he worked in several companies where his role was liaising with main contractors to
execute subcontract works in each construction project, like providing technical skills and solutions to installation
works and ensuring the suitability of building materials or interior products. He served 6 years in Milliken &
Company till November 2000 with his last position as a senior territory manager. Milliken & Company operates in
a breadth of disciplines including specialty chemical, floor covering and performance materials. From May 2001
to February 2002, he worked as a project manager in Herman Miller Hong Kong Ltd., a furniture company. From
April 2003 to September 2004, he worked at Dupont Textiles & Interiors (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as
LYCRA Company Hong Kong Limited) as a regional maintenance operations manager.

*   For identification only




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Since December 2004, Mr. Wan has been working in Sebel Furniture (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as Sebel
     Pty Ltd.), which is a leading manufacturer and supplier of educational and school furniture. His current position
     is a regional manager, Asia and his duties are to sustain business growth through regional and local expansion
     plans within key market segments through direct and channel distribution and to prepare and manage tender
     packages that require additional technical knowledge during the bidding process to marginalise over potential
     errors.


     Mr. Wan obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Building from South Bank University in June 1992.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Wan Sze Hok Wilson（溫士學）(“Mr. Wilson Wan”), aged 72, is a contracts manager of the Group. He joined
     the Group in January 2016 as a contracts manager of Head Fame and served as a director of Head Fame since
     22 May 2017. Mr. Wilson Wan is responsible for administering overall tender bidding, contracts including main
     contracts and subcontracts, and budget control of the project construction in the Group.


     Mr. Wilson Wan has over 41 years of experience in the construction industry. Prior to joining the Group, Mr.
     Wilson Wan had handled various types of construction activities including demolition works, piles foundation
     works, alteration and addition works, building construction, government works and historical building renovation
     in Hong Kong. He worked in Cheong Ming Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. from June 1979 to November
     1987 for his last position of that company as a site quantity surveyor. He served as quantity surveyor in Kumagai
     Gumi (Hong Kong) Limited from December 1987 to May 1990 and as a senior quantity surveyor in Wah Seng
     General Contractors Ltd. from April 1995 to August 2005. From November 2007 to October 2015, he served his
     last position in New City Construction Co., Ltd as a contracts manager and a technical director.


     Mr. Wilson Wan obtained a Higher Certificate in Building Studies from Hong Kong Polytechnic University in
     November 1988 and a Bachelor of Science Degree with a Major in Construction Management with Emphasis in
     Quantity Surveying from Pacific Western University in February 1990. He also obtained a Bachelor of Engineering
     Technology Degree and a Master of Construction Engineering and Management Degree from Griffith University
     in March 2008 and September 2005 respectively. He further graduated from City University of Hong Kong with
     the Degree of Engineering Doctorate in July 2014.


     Mr. Wilson Wan was admitted as a member of the Chartered Institute of Building and a member of the Institution
     of Civil Engineers in November 2007 and June 2008 respectively. In November 2012, Mr. Wilson Wan was elected
     as a professional member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.




16   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Lee Kam Meng（李金明）(“Mr. Lee”), aged 67, is a general site supervisor of the Group. He joined the
Group in November 2015 as the supervisor of Head Fame and was promoted to be a general site supervisor. Mr.
Lee’s duty is to manage and monitor overall site supervisions and all site activities of the Group’s projects.


Mr. Lee has over 43 years of on-hand experience in building construction where he started his career in a
construction company, Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Shun Shing”) in 1977. After he
resigned from Shun Shing in December 2009, he worked as a site agent in Leung Cheung Shing Construction
& Engineering Co., Ltd. till February 2015. Within his services in this field, he has undergone major projects
including but not limited to casino projects in Macau, administration building of Yan Chai Hospital and Leung
King Estate public housing.


In addition, Mr. Lee has been a safety officer registered in Hong Kong since June 1994. He obtained a Diploma
and a Professional Diploma in Occupational Health and Safety from Li Ka Shing Institute of Professional and
Continuing Education, Open University of Hong Kong in November 2006 and November 2009 respectively.
Through his working experience, he was admitted as a member of Hong Kong Institute of Construction
Managers in September 2004.


Mr. Ho Chi Lai, Johnny（何志禮）(“Mr. Ho”), aged 59, is a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ho joined the
Group in March 2006 as a project manager of Head Fame. Mr. Ho is responsible for the overall monitoring the
construction projects, cost estimating, managing the quality management system and administrating tendering
works of the Group.


Mr. Ho has over 36 years of experience in the construction and building works industry. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Ho had participated in numerous residential, commercial and ASD projects in Hong Kong. He had
served many construction companies, including but not limited to, WMKY Limited as an assistant engineer from
April 1987 to April 1988, Lee Shing Yue Construction Company Limited as a projects manager from June 1998 to
September 2000, and Hong Kong Wai Yip Building Materials Limited (now known as Hong Kong Wai Yip Building
Construction Limited) as a site agent, from September 2003 to May 2005.


Mr. Ho obtained an Honours Diploma in Civil Engineering from Hong Kong Baptist College in January 1986, a
Higher Diploma in Applied Statistics from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong in November 1992 and a Master of
Science in Engineering Management from City University of Hong Kong in November 2001. He then obtained a
Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Civil Engineering from The Queen’s University of Brighton in October 2003.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   17
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Ms. Chan Ka Po Phoebe（陳嘉寶）(“Ms. Phoebe Chan”), aged 50, is a contracts manager of the Group. She
     joined the Group in December 2020 as a contracts manager of Head Fame. Ms. Phoebe Chan is responsible for
     administering overall tender bidding, contracts including main contracts and subcontracts, and budget control of
     the project construction in the Group.


     Ms. Phoebe Chan has over 26 years of experience in the construction industry and surveying works. Prior to
     joining the Group, she joined Super Strong Holdings Limited (stock code: 8262) in June 2001 as a senior quantity
     surveyor and was promoted to quantity surveying manager in April 2007, with her last position of that company
     as Chief Quantity surveyor in October 2018. She served as Senior Quantity Surveyor in CK Asset Holdings Limited
     (stock code: 1113) from November 2018 to June 2020 and as an assistant quantity surveying manager in Wecon
     Holdings Limited (stock code: 1793) from June 2020 to Dec 2020.


     Ms. Phoebe Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science in Building Technology and Management degree from the
     Hong Kong Polytechnic in November 1994. She was elected a Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors
     in May 2006, a Professional Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors in October 2006, and became
     a Registered Professional Surveyor in the Quantity Surveying Division in October 2007.


     Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson（朱沛褀）(“Mr. Chu”), aged 37, is a company secretary of the Company (the “Company
     Secretary”). Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary in replacement of Mr. Wong Chi Chui with effect
     from 12 January 2022. Mr. Chu is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since
     February 2011. He has over 10 years of relevant experience in accounting and auditing and has experience in
     tax, internal control matters and is holding position of company secretary in other companies listed on the Stock
     Exchange.


     Mr. Chu is currently serving as the company secretary of Tungtex (Holdings) Company Limited (a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with stock code 0518), SG Group Holdings Limited (a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with stock code 01657), Cornerstone Technologies Holdings Limited
     (a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange with stock code 08391), K Group Holdings Limited (a company
     listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange with stock code 08475) and Top Standard Corporation (a company listed on
     GEM of the Stock Exchange with stock code 08510), since April 2021, March 2019, July 2019, October 2021 and
     June 2017 respectively.




18   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year
ended 31 March 2022.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are provision of
superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the financial statements on pages 81
to 141 of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31
March 2022 (2021: HK$Nil).


BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 and a discussion on the Group’s
future business development are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report.
The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in the note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2022
using financial key performance indicators is provided in the management discussion and analysis on pages 7
to 12 of this annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationship with its
key stakeholders, key risks and uncertainties and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
significant impact on the Group are contained in the Report of the Directors on pages 19 to 31 of this annual
report.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY

The Group strives to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s
operation does make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group
implements a range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with
applicable environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which
balances the need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
environment and natural resources.


Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     During the year, as far as the Group is aware, there was no material breach or non-compliance with applicable
     laws and regulation by the Group that has a significant impact on its business and operations.


     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     The Group believes that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in its operations but the Group uses its
     best endeavors to ensure its sufficient to mitigate the risks present in our operations and financial position.


     •     Our revenue relies on successful tenders of our projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no
           guarantee that our customers will provide us with new business or that we will secure new customers;


     •     The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately estimate the
           costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses;


     •     The Group relies on subcontractors to help complete our contracts;


     •     The Group is exposed to our customers’ credit risks and our liquidity position may be adversely affected if
           our customers fail to make payment on time or in full;


     •     Our performance depends on market conditions and trends in the construction industry and in the overall
           economy and there is no assurance that if the property market in Hong Kong further deteriorates, there
           will be no material adverse impact on the Group’s operation or at all, or the Group will be able to take
           appropriate measures to minimise the adverse impact on it; and


     •     The Group operates in a highly competitive market.


     RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     The Directors recognises that the Group’s employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors are the keys to its
     sustainable development.


     Employees
     The Group has maintained good relationship with its employees. The Group provides the remuneration package,
     including salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to
     serve the Group. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the performance of its employees,
     which forms the basis of its decisions with respect to an increase in salary, distribution of bonuses and
     promotions.




20   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Customers
The Group has established a stable customer base within the private sector. Its customers in the private sector
include private property developers and commercial enterprises which require superstructure building and/or
RMAA works services. The Group believes that the established working relationships with its major customers
have enhanced its market recognition and enabled the Group to attract more business opportunities.


Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group has established long-term and close working relationships with its major suppliers and
subcontractors, some of whom have working relationships with the Group for 10 years. The performance of
subcontractors and the quality of superstructure building and RMAA works contracted by the Group can be
assured by the close relationship with its subcontractors.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial
years, as extracted from the published annual reports and audited financial statements of the Company for the
year ended 31 March 2022 are set out on page 142. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022
are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements during the year ended 31 March 2022 in the share capital of the Company are set out in
note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association (“Articles”) of
the Company or the laws of Cayman Islands, which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis
to the exiting Shareholders.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as
at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the rules
governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the year ended 31 March 2022.


     RESERVES

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2022 are set out in page 83
     and note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     Details of distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 March 2022 are set out in note 26 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers accounted for
     approximately 42.1% and 100.0% of the Group’s total turnover respectively.


     For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers which were
     the subcontractors accounted for approximately 11.6% and 43.3% of the Group’s total of cost of services
     respectively.


     None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors who
     owned more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers or suppliers
     during the year ended 31 March 2022.


     DIRECTORS

     The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report
     were:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin (appointed on 24 January 2022)




22   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Independent Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”):
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
Mr. Wan Simon
Mr. Zhang Jue (appointed on 14 January 2022)
Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)


The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from all INEDs. The Group considers all
INEDs to be independent under the Listing Rules.


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 13 to 18
of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are executive Directors currently in office and they have entered into service
agreements with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 1 September 2020 and shall continue
unless terminated by either party giving no less than one month’s written notice served by either party on the
other. In case of Mr. Tang, Mr. Tang has entered into service agreement with the Company as an executive
Director for a term of three years with effect from 24 January 2022, and shall continue subject to early termination
in accordance with the terms of the service agreement. The term of service of a Director is subject to retirement
by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


All INEDs have respectively entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. Mr. Hau and Mr. Wan
are INEDs who have entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of one year
commencing from 24 July 2018. Mr. Zhang Jue entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an
initial term of one year commencing from 14 January 2022. The letter of appointment of each respective INED
shall continue unless terminated by either party giving no less than one month’s written notice served by either
party on the other.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the forthcoming annual general
meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note
12 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emolument policy of the Group is based on the merit, qualification and competence and are reviewed
     by the Remuneration Committee periodically. The emolument of the Directors are decided by the Board after
     recommendation from the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the performance of the Group and
     individual performance and comparable market statistics.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS AND
     CONTRACTS
     No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
     Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or
     controlling shareholders of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 March 2022.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
     of the Group was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2022.


     COMPETING INTERESTS
     The Directors confirm that neither the controlling shareholders of the Company nor their respective close
     associates is interested in a business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete,
     directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the
     Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.


     NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
     Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has made an annual declaration to the Company that
     during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to date of this annual report, he/it has complied with the term of
     non-competition undertakings (“Non-Competition Undertakings”) given in favour of the Company. The INEDs
     have also reviewed the status of compliance by each of the controlling shareholders of the Company with the
     undertakings stipulated in the Non-Competition Undertakings and have confirmed that, as far as the INEDs can
     ascertain, there is no breach of any of such undertakings.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022
     are set out in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements. For the year ended 31 March 2022, none of these
     related party transactions are connected transaction which are subject to the disclosure requirements of Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions.




24   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no transactions which constituted connected transaction(s) or
continuing connected transaction(s) of the Company.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

In accordance with article 191 of the Articles, the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
about the execution of the duties of their office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the
Directors.


DONATIONS

Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to
HK$64,600 (2021: HK$14,000).


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that
require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were
entered into by the Company.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the
Shareholders passed on 25 July 2018 are set below:


Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to Participants (as defined below)
for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and
attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity.


Participants
Participant means any person belonging to any of the following classes of participants:


(a)   any employee (whether full time or part time employee, including any executive Directors) of the Company,
      any of its subsidiaries and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”)
      eligible;


(b)   any non-executive Director (including INEDs) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (c)     any supplier of goods or services to any member or Invested Entity;


     (d)     any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;


     (e)     any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of
             the Group or any Invested Entity;


     (f)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by
             any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;


     (g)     any adviser (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of any
             member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and


     (h)     any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute, by way of joint venture,
             business alliance, other business arrangement or otherwise, to the development and growth of the Group,
             and for the purposes of the Share Option Scheme, the options may be granted to any company wholly-
             owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of Participants or any discretionary
             object of a Participant which is a discretionary trust.


     Total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
     The total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all options (excluding for this purposed
     option(s) which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes) to
     be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the
     total number of the Shares in issue on the Listing Date. On the basis of 800,000,000 Shares in issue on the Listing
     Date, the limit will be equivalent to 80,000,000 Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing
     Date.


     Maximum entitlement of each participant
     No Participant shall be granted option(s) which would result in the total number of Shares already issued and to
     be issued upon the exercise of all the Options granted to such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and
     outstanding Options) in any 12-month period exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue, provided
     that if separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Participant and his close associates (or
     his associates if such Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting, the Company may make further
     grant of option(s) to such Participant (the “Further Grant”) notwithstanding that the Further Grant would result
     in the total number of Shares already issued and to be issued upon the exercise of all the options granted to
     such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and
     including the date of such Further Grant exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.


     Term of subscription of shares upon exercise of the options
     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a
     period to be determined by the Board absolutely, provided that such period shall not be more than 10 years from
     the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted in accordance with the Share Option
     Scheme.




26   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
The Board may, at its discretion, determine the minimum period for which the option has to be held before the
option can be exercised.


Time of acceptance and the amount payable on acceptance of the option
Upon acceptance of an offer for grant of options, the Grantee shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as
consideration for the grant. The options will be offered for acceptance for a period of 21 days from the date of
the offer.


No option was granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2022 and no options
granted under the Share Option Scheme were exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the year ended 31 March
2022.


Basis of determining the subscription price
The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme is
determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a trading date; (ii)
the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the
five trading dates immediately preceding the date of grant; or (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


The remaining life of the scheme
The Share Option Scheme will remain effective for a period of ten years commencing from 25 July 2018 and the
remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is about six years.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option Scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 March
2022 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire
benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   27
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY OR THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

     As at 31 March 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
     in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”),
     which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of
     Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
     provisions of the SFO); (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
     referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10
     of the Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                 Interest               percentage
                                                                                                              in ordinary            of interests in
     Name of Directors                           Nature of interest                                                shares            the Company


     Mr. KT Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                         408,000,000                      49.3%
                                                                                                                   (note)

     Mr. KM Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                         408,000,000                      49.3%
                                                                                                                   (note)

     Mr. Tang                                    Beneficial owner                                              43,600,000                       5.3%

     Note:

     These Shares are held by Shiny Golden Limited (“Shiny Golden”), which is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM
     Chan. On 26 May 2017, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among
     other things, that they are the parties acting in concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Company upon the Listing. By virtue of
     the SFO, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.




28   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
COMPANY

So far as the Directors are aware, as at 31 March 2022, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
chief executive officer of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


Long Position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                  Total number of               Approximate
                                                                                                   ordinary shares             percentage of
                                                                                                   and underlying                 interests in
Name of shareholders                            Nature of interest                                          shares              the Company
                                                                                                             (Note 1)


Shiny Golden                                    Beneficial owner (Note 2)                                408,000,000                       49.3%

Ms. Shu Ah Ping                                 Interest of spouse (Note 3)                              408,000,000                       49.3%

Ms. Ng Wing Mui                                 Interest of spouse (Note 4)                              408,000,000                       49.3%

Notes:

1.       All interests stated are long positions.


2.       Shiny Golden is the direct Shareholder, which is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM Chan. On 26 May 2017,
         Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among other things, that
         they are the parties acting in concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Group upon the Listing. By virtue of the SFO, Mr.
         KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.

3.       Ms. Shu Ah Ping is the spouse of Mr. KT Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Shu Ah Ping is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares held by
         Mr. KT Chan under the SFO.

4.       Ms. Ng Wing Mui is the spouse of Mr. KM Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Ng Wing Mui is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares held by
         Mr. KM Chan under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in
the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2022.




                                                                                            Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022         29
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     (a)   On 29 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 40% equity interest in Chun Yang as described
           in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements, from an independent third party, for a consideration
           to be settled by an allotment and issuance of 90,000,000 new shares of the Company to the independent
           third party, which amounted to approximately HK$42,750,000 based on the Company’s closing share price
           on 29 April 2022. The investment in Chun Yang will be accounted for as an associate of the Group after
           the acquisition. Further details of the acquisition are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 25
           February 2022, 3 March 2022 and 29 April 2022.


     (b)   On 29 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 95% of equity interest in Cornerstone Energy
           Limited (“Cornerstone Energy”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and engaged
           in project management of energy solution, from an independent third party, for a consideration settled
           by the allotment and issue of 42,000,000 new shares of the Company to the independent third party,
           which amounted to approximately HK$19,950,000 based on the Company’s closing share price on 29 April
           2022. The principal reason for this acquisition was to diversify the Group’s existing business. Cornerstone
           Energy became a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company after the acquisition. Further details of the
           acquisition are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 25 February 2022 and 29 April 2022.


           Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$50,000 are expensed and are included in administrative and
           other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2022.


           As the business valuation of the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and
           liabilities assumed of Cornerstone Energy have not been finalised at the date of approval of these financial
           statements, such information and details of any goodwill arising from this acquisition could not been
           disclosed in these financial statements.


     (c)   Subsequent to 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Employment and Retirement Schemes
           Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Bill 2022 (“MPF Offset Bill”) was passed by the
           Legislative Council of Hong Kong in June 2022. The MPF Offset Bill abolishes the use of the accrued
           benefits of employers’ mandatory contributions under the Mandatory Provident Fund System to offset
           severance payment and long service payment (the “Offsetting Arrangement”). The abolition of the
           Offsetting Arrangement is expected to be implemented in 2025. The directors of the Company are
           currently assessing the implications of MPF Offset Bill on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




30   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

During the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed below, the
Directors confirm that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark resigned as independent non-executive Director and ceased to be chairman of the Audit
Committee and member of the Remuneration Committee on 14 January 2022.

Mr. Zhang has been appointed as the independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee
and member of the Remuneration Committee on 14 January 2022. The appointment of Mr. Zhang is for an initial
term of 1 year with effect from 14 January 2022 subject to early termination in accordance with the terms of the
letter of appointment. He is also entitled to an annual remuneration of HKD180,000, which was determined by
the Board by reference to his responsibilities, workload and time devoted to the Group and the performance of
the Group and may be adjusted by the Board subject to the recommendations of the Remuneration Committee
and the resolutions of the shareholders of the Company at a general meeting.

Mr. Tang has been appointed as an executive Director on 24 January 2022. The appointment of Mr. Tang is for
a term of three years with effect from 24 January 2022 subject to early termination in accordance with the terms
of the service agreement. The annual remuneration of Mr. Tang is determined by the Remuneration Committee
based on his duties and responsibilities, the Company’s performance and profitability, industry norm and general
market conditions.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company’s Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 32 to 44.


AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by BDO Limited, who will retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for reappointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

In the preceding three years, the auditors of the Company have not changed.


APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 were approved by the
Board on 24 June 2022.




On behalf of the Board
Chan Kam Tong
Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 June 2022




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company recognises the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is
     committed in achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results
     and improve its corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company has adopted and complied with applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in the
     Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year
     ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report. The Directors will periodically review on the
     Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance
     with the Code Provisions from time to time.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
     conduct of dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiry to all Directors, all
     Directors have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 March
     2022 and up to the date of this annual report.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Composition and role
     The composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report is
     set out below:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin (appointed on 24 January 2022)


     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     Mr. Wan Simon
     Mr. Zhang Jue (appointed on 14 January 2022)
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)




32   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Role and functions of the Board and management
The principal function of the Board are to formulate corporate strategy and business development and to
ensure a high standard of corporate governance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
implementing business strategy and managing day-to-day administration and operations of the Group’s business
to the chief executive officer and the senior management. Executive Directors and the senior management meet
regularly to review the performance of the business of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and
make financial and operational decisions. The Board is regularly provided with management update report to
give a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position, recent development and prospect
of the Group in sufficient details.


The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.


The biographies of the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report
and the relationships among them are set out in the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management”
section on pages 13 to 18 of this annual report. The executive Directors bring a good balance of skills and
experience to the Company. The independent non-executive Directors provide their independent judgement on
the development, performance and risk management of the Group. The Directors are fully aware that they are
individually and collectively accountable to shareholders.


Directors’ continuous professional development
During the year ended 31 March 2022, all Directors confirmed to comply with the provision of the CG Code
in relation to continuous professional development. In doing so, the Directors have undertaken various forms
of activities relevant to the Company’s business and Directors’ duties and responsibilities. The Company held
a training for all Directors to provide them with knowledge on the duties and responsibilities of the Directors
before they were on board.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The record of continuous professional development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business
     development that have been received by the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to date of
     this annual report are summarised as follows:


                                                                                                                  Attending
                                                                                                              seminar(s) or
                                                                                                            programme(s)/
                                                                                                          reading relevant
                                                                                                                  materials


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                                                                                         ✓

     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                          ✓

     Mr. Tang Chi Kin                                                                                                     ✓



     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                                                           ✓

     Mr. Wan Simon                                                                                                        ✓

     Mr. Zhang Jue                                                                                                        ✓

     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)                                                               N/A

     Meetings
     Attendance records of the Board meetings, meetings of all committees and general meetings of the Company
     during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report were set out below:


                                                                         Audit Remuneration      Nomination           Annual
                                                            Board    Committee     Committee      Committee           general
                                                           meeting     meeting       meeting            meeting      meeting


     Number of meetings held                                    11           3              3                 3            1


     Name of Director                                                     Number of meetings attended


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                            11/11        N/A             N/A               3/3           1/1
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)             11/11        N/A             3/3              N/A            1/1
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin (appointed on 24 January 2022)           2/2        N/A             N/A              N/A           N/A


     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                              11/11         3/3            N/A               3/3           1/1
     Mr. Wan Simon                                           11/11         3/3            3/3               3/3           1/1
     Mr. Zhang Jue (appointed on 14 January 2022)              3/3        N/A             1/1              N/A           N/A
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (resigned on 14 January 2022)       8/8         3/3            2/2              N/A            1/1




34   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Pursuant to the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the
chairman and chief executive should be clearly established to ensure a balance of power and authority.


Mr. KT Chan serves as the chairman of the Board and is responsible for overall strategic planning, business
development and corporate management. Mr. KM Chan serves as the chief executive officer of the Company and
is responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has appointed three INEDs representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the INEDs in respect of his independence
in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the
view that all INEDs are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement or a
letter of appointment with the Company for a specific term and is subject to termination provisions therein and
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for
the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less
than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a
specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall
be eligible for re-election. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated
office.


In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-
election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-
election. Any Director appointed under this Article 112 shall not be taken into account in determining the
Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at an annual general meeting.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
     Remuneration Committee. The table below provides the membership information of these committees on which
     certain Board members served:


                                                                     Audit       Remuneration           Nomination
     Name of Director                                          Committee            Committee            Committee


     Mr. Chan Kam Tong                                                   –                    –                    C
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                                   –                   M                     –
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                         M                     –                   M
     Mr. Wan Simon                                                      M                     C                   M
     Mr. Zhang Jue                                                       C                   M                     –

     Notes:

     C – committee chairman

     M – committee member



     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written
     terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph D.3.3 of the CG Code. The
     Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee effective from 2 January 2019,
     which had included changes in line with the requirements under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee is
     comprised of three INEDs, namely Mr. Zhang Jue, Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon. Mr. Zhang
     Jue is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


     The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for considering all relationships between the Company and the
     auditing firm (including the provision of non-audit services), monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial
     statements and issues arising from the audit, and reviewing the Group’s internal controls and risk management.
     In addition, the Audit Committee has been delegated the responsibility to perform the corporate governance
     functions including:


     1.       Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
              requirements;


     2.       Reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
              senior management;


     3.       Developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
              employees of the Company and the Directors;




36   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


4.   Developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
     recommendations to the Board and reporting to the Board on such matters;


5.   Reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
     Corporate Governance Report;


6.   Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy; and


7.   Considering any other topics, as determined by the Board.


A summary of the work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2022, the Audit
Committee reviewed and discussed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 March 2022 and the Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2021 with the
external auditor, considered and approved the audit work of the auditors, reviewed the business and financial
performance of the Company and internal control system and risk management, and determined the policy for
corporate governance. The Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022 has been reviewed by the
Audit Committee.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules with
written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph E.1.2 of the CG Code.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee, under the principle that no Director or any of his associates
should be involved in deciding his own remuneration include, among others, making recommendations to
the Board on (a) remuneration policy and structure for all of the Directors and senior management; (b) the
establishment of a format and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (c) the remuneration
packages of the executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their offices or
appointments; and (d) the remuneration of the INEDs. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of two INEDs,
namely Mr. Wan Simon and Mr. Zhang Jue, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Ming. Mr. Wan
Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


The Remuneration Committee held three meetings up to the date of this annual report. The Remuneration
Committee reviewed and approved the Group’s policy on salary adjustment and discretionary bonus which
applies to Directors and senior management of the Company and the policy has been set to align with
the Group’s operating performance while taking into account as salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment and responsibilities of Directors and senior management. In addition, the Company
awards discretionary bonus as performance-based bonuses and incentives at executive directors and senior
management to the achievement of strategic objectives of the Company can be measured. The discretionary
bonus plan is subject to annual review by the Remuneration Committee, depending on changes to the
Company’s objectives and strategy, the recommendation be made to the Board.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company
     under the section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


     Remuneration payment made to senior management (exclude Directors) of the Group for the year ended 31
     March 2022 and 2021 falls within the following bands:


                                                                                Number of senior management
     Remuneration Band (HK$)                                                           2022             2021

     Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     2                    1
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                            3                    4

     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
     Paragraph B.3.1 of the CG Code. The Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Nomination
     Committee effective from 2 January 2019. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among
     others, (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
     Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement
     the Company’s corporate strategy; (b) identifying individuals suitability qualified to become members of the
     Board and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
     directorships; (c) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (d) making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment and succession planning for the Directors; and (e) reviewing the policy (the “Policy”) concerning
     the diversity of the Board and the measurable objectives that the Board has adopted for implementing the Policy
     and to make the relevant disclosure on the progress of achieving those objectives in the corporate governance
     report of the Company. The Nomination Committee is comprised of two INEDs, namely Mr. Hau Wing Shing
     Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Tong who is the chairman of the
     Nomination Committee.


     A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 March 2022 and
     up to the date of this annual report, the members discussed matters relating to composition of the Board and
     make recommendation thereon to the Board for consideration, the diversity of the Board, the re-election of the
     Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the recommendation of the measurable objectives that the
     Board should adopt for implementing the Policy as well as reviewing the independence of the INEDs.


     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
     section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.




38   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy on 2 January 2019, which sets out the approach to achieve a
sustainable and balanced development of the Company and also to enhance the quality of performance of
the Company, in designing the Board’s composition, the Board’s diversity has been considered from a range
of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge to be devoted as a director. The Company will also
take into account factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate
decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board may
improve one or more diversity perspectives from time to time, and implement the upgraded measurements.
The Nomination Committee will review the policy from time to time, including conducting assessments on the
effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will also discuss any amendment that may be necessary,
and submit amendment proposals to the Board for approval.


NOMINATION POLICY

The Company has adopted nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 2 January 2019. The purpose
is to identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to the Board for appointment or to the Shareholders
for election as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall consider, among others, the following criteria in
evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships:


•    Reputation for integrity;


•    Accomplishment, experience and reputation in the relevant industry and other relevant sectors;


•    Commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company’s business;


•    Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge;


•    The ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s
     success;


•    Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the
     appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and


•    Any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Nomination Committee or the Board from time to
     time.


Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a director shall be assessed and/or considered
against the criteria and qualifications set out in the Nomination Policy by the Nomination Committee which shall
recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board will from time to time review the Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its
     continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 2 January 2019 in compliance with the
     Code Provision F.1.1 of the CG Code. It is the policy of the Company, in considering the payments of dividends
     and to allow Shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future
     growth of the Group.


     Under the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
     the Board shall take into account, inter alia:


     •     the general financial condition of the Group;


     •     capital and debt level of the Group;


     •     future cash requirements and availability for business operations, business strategies and future
           development needs;


     •     any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


     •     the general market conditions; and


     •     any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.


     The payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the
     Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and regulations and the Articles. The Policy will be reviewed
     by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in
     any specific periods.


     DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities against
     possibility of legal action to be taken against its Directors and officers. During the year ended 31 March 2022, no
     claim was made against the Directors and officers of the Company.




40   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial year which gives a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that year. The Board is not aware
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, the Board therefore continues to adopt the going concern approach in
preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the Independent
Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is
willing to accept in reaching its strategic objectives and to ensure that the Group has established and maintained
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.


The Group’s risk management and internal control system includes the setting up of a management structure
with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group achieve its business objectives, to protect its assets
against unauthorised use or disposition, and to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the
provision of reliable financial information and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations. These systems
are also designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and
to manage rather than eliminate all risks of failure in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives.


During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company engaged an external independent consulting firm to
assist the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of certain of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls systems. The external independent consulting firm performed annual risk management and internal
control review of all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls of the Company.
A risk management report and an internal control review report were submitted to the Audit Committee and
the Board. Any actions and measures taken to improve risk management and internal controls on the findings
and recommendations will be followed up by the external independent consulting firm. Accordingly, the Audit
Committee and the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and such
systems have been implemented with adequate resources during the year ended 31 March 2022.


There is currently no internal audit function within the Group. The Directors have reviewed the need for an
internal audit function and are of the view that in light of the size, nature and complexity of the business of the
Group, it would be more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform internal audit
function for the Group in order to meet its needs. Nevertheless, the Directors will continue to review at least
annually the need for an internal audit function.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Main Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The key elements of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems include the establishment of a
     risk register to keep track of and record identified risks, the assessment and evaluation of risks, the development
     and continuous updating of responsive procedures, and the ongoing testing of internal control procedures to
     ensure their effectiveness.


     An ongoing risk management approach is adopted by the Company for identifying and assessing the key
     inherent risks that affect the achievements of its objectives. A risk matrix is adopted to determine the risk rating
     (L = low risk, M = medium risk, H = high risk) after evaluation of the risk by the likelihood and the impact of each
     risk event. The risk ratings reflect the level of managements, attention and risk treatment effort required.


     Process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks
     During the process of risk assessment, each risk owner of departments is required to capture and identify the key
     inherent risks that affect the achievement of its objectives. Each inherent risk is evaluated according to the risk
     matrix. After taking into consideration the risk response, such as control measures in place to mitigate the risk,
     the residual risk of each risk event will be evaluated again. The risk register with the risk responses and residual
     risks is reported to the management. The management evaluates the effectiveness of the systems and report to
     the Audit Committee and the Board. The highest category of residual risks is subject to the Board’s oversight.


     PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND
     DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     The Board has already established a policy on the internal controls procedures for the handling and
     dissemination of inside information. The policy stipulates the obligations of the Group, in respect of the
     restriction on disseminating non-public information, handling of rumours, unintentional selective disclosure,
     exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside information, and compliance and reporting procedures. Senior
     management must take all reasonable measures to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of
     any disclosure requirement from time to time, and must promptly bring any possible leakage or divulgence of
     inside information to the attention of the Company Secretary, or his delegates, who will notify the Board timely
     and accordingly for taking the appropriate action promptly. For any material violation of this policy, the Board will
     decide, or designate appropriate persons to decide the course of actions for rectifying the problem and avoiding
     recurrence. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not
     false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of
     presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative
     facts.


     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     During the year ended 31 March 2022, external auditor’s remuneration for annual audit services was
     approximately HK$0.52 million; and external auditor’s remuneration for non-audit service assignments was
     approximately HK$0.13 million, which represented review of the Group’s interim result. The Audit Committee
     concludes that it is satisfied with the findings of its review of the audit and non-audit services fees, process and
     effectiveness, independence and objectivity.



42   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary on 12 January 2022. The biographical details of Mr. Chu are
set out under the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.
In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chu has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training during the financial year ended 31 March 2022.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting
The following procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) are subject
to the Articles (as amended from time to time), and the applicable legislation and regulation, in particular the
Listing Rules (as amended from time to time):


•    Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the
     requisition not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”)
     carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
     requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
     transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months
     after the deposit of such requisition;


•    The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) and
     deposit it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Offices
     F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, and such may
     consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitions;


•    The requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their
     shareholding, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the details of the business (es) proposed to be
     transacted in the EGM, and must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned together with a
     deposit of a sum of money reasonable sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of
     the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned in accordance with
     the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders;


•    The requisition will be verified with Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company
     and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM
     by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the requirements under the Articles to all the registered
     shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order or the shareholders
     concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for the said purposes,
     the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the Board will not
     call for an EGM; and




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •     If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the Eligible
           Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
           incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
           Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.


     Procedure by which enquires may be put to the Board
     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary in
     writing by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Office F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand
     Plaza, No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


     Procedure for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting
     There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for shareholders to put
     forward new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request
     the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph
     heading “How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting”.


     INVESTOR RELATIONS

     Communication with shareholders
     The Board recognises the importance of good communication with all shareholders. The Company believes that
     maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations.


     The Company has established several communication channels, including (a) the annual and extraordinary
     general meetings which provide a forum for shareholders to communicate directly with the Board; (b) printed
     corporate documents mailing to shareholders; (c) announcement disseminating the latest activities of the
     Group on the web-sites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and (d) the Company’s web-site providing an
     electronic means of communication.


     Constitutional documents
     There was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 March 2022. An up-
     to-date version of the Company’s Articles is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




44   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Company is delighted to publish the Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) to
summarise the Group’s policies, measures and performance on the key environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) issues.


Reporting Period
This Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and social aspects from
1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (the “Reporting Period” or “2021/2022”).


Reporting Scope and Boundary
This Report discloses related policies and initiatives for the core and material business, namely provision of
superstructure building and RMAA works service in Hong Kong. There is no significant change in the scope and
boundaries of this Report from that of the ESG report for the year ended 31 March 2021 (“2020/2021”).


This Report discloses environmental key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and selected social KPIs of the
corporate office (“office”) and the representative projects (“projects” or “sites of operation”). The nature of
these representative projects may differ from year to year. This Report covers all of the Group’s operations, the
aim of the Group is to upgrade its internal data collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of the
disclosure. If the scopes and boundaries of the specific contents vary, they are noted in the relevant sections of
this Report.


Reporting Basis and Principle
This Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (the
“ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules and on the basis of the four reporting principles –
materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency:


•    “Materiality” Principle:


     The Group determines material ESG issues by stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment. Details
     are explained in the section headed “Materiality Assessment”.


•    “Quantitative” Principle:


     Information is presented with quantitative measure, whenever feasible, including information on the
     standards, methodologies, assumptions used and provision of comparative data.


•    “Balance” Principle:


     This Report identifies the achievements and challenges faced by the Group.


•    “Consistency” Principle:


     Methodologies adopted for preparing this Report are consistent with last year, unless otherwise stated.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     This Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and reported on selected recommended
     disclosures outlined in the ESG Guide.


     The information contained herein is sourced from internal documents and statistics of the Group, as well as the
     combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries in accordance with
     the Group’s internal management systems. A complete content index is appended to the last section hereof for
     quick reference. This Report is prepared and published in both English and Chinese. In the event of contradiction
     or inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.


     Review and Approval
     This Report was approved by the Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board”) on 24 June 2022, after
     confirmation by the management of the Group. An electronic version of this Report is available on the HKExnews
     website (www.hkexnew.hk).


     Feedback
     The Group respects your view on our sustainable development performance. Should you have any opinions or
     suggestions, you are welcome to share with the Group at mail@goldenponder.com.


     INTRODUCTION

     The Group is committed to integrating ESG factors into its operations in order to create sustainable value for
     stakeholders and take up the responsibilities as a corporate citizen. To minimise the ESG risks embedded in
     the business operations, the Group maintains stringent internal control and risk management systems. We have
     implemented an integrated management system (IMS). The IMS comprises three international management
     system standards – ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and
     ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. This integrated system allows us to monitor and
     manage ESG-related risks in an organised manner. In order to establish our IMS across operations in the Group,
     all departments are required to develop their own set of guidelines and are held responsible for compliance.
     The system is regularly audited by both internal and external parties and the results are reviewed by the Group’s
     senior management to monitor performance and compliance.


     As we continue our sustainability journey, performance indicators and targets that are material to our business
     will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our future reports. We will continue to strengthen
     our engagement with key stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and practices, to forge a long-term
     sustainable business.




46   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD STATEMENT

On behalf of the Group, our Board is pleased to present this ESG Report to report our progress in building a
sustainable future. The Group endeavours to put sustainable development of our business as the top priority
of our long-term development goals, and incorporate climate-related issues and ESG elements into our long-
term business strategic planning. As the most important leading role of the Group, the Board has the sole
responsibility to oversee, directly manage and monitor the Group’s ESG issues and progress.


The Group has formalised an interdepartmental ESG Working Group to coordinate different departments and
enhance their mutual co-operation, to ensure that performance is consistent and stakeholders’ expectations can
be met. We work together to realise our sustainability development goals as a team.


We have set clear short-term and long-term sustainable development vision and goals to achieve ongoing
emission reduction progress according to governmental requirements of different countries and regions.
Relevant emission reduction targets and corresponding strategies are established and sustainable development
factors have been incorporated into our strategic planning, business model and other decision-making
processes. The Board regularly monitors and reviews the effectiveness of management, including reviewing the
Group’s ESG performance and adjusting corresponding action plans, effective implementation of ESG policies
relies on the collaboration of different departments, and following the recommendations given by the Stock
Exchange.


The Group strives to ensure the establishment of appropriate and effective risk management and internal control
systems to supervise the identification and assessment of ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities, and to
respond to the challenges and impacts of different times.


We strive to create a better environment, looking ahead, the Board will continue to review and monitor the
environmental, social and corporate governance performance of the Group.


ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

The Board supports the Group’s commitment to fulfilling its environmental and social responsibility and has
overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management
and internal control systems are in place.


The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility of the implementation to the ESG Working Group
(the “Working Group”). The Working Group is composed of senior management and core members from
different departments of the Group and is responsible to facilitate the adoption of ESG strategies and policies
throughout the Group. The Working Group reports to the Board on the implementation of ESG initiatives and
the corresponding performance.


The Board regularly reviews the Group’s ESG performance, and examines and approves the Group’s annual ESG
report.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

     Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and success. The
     stakeholder engagement helps the Group to develop a business strategy that meets the needs and expectations
     of stakeholders, enhances the ability to identify risk and strengthens important relationships. The Group
     communicates with its stakeholders through various channels, shown as below.


                  Stakeholder                                           Communication Channel

                                              •      Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
        Government and regulatory
                                                     information
                    agencies
                                              •      Supervision and inspection

                                              •      Annual general meetings and other general meetings of shareholders
                                              •      Company website
         Shareholders and investors           •      Press releases/announcements
                                              •      Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
                                                     information

                                              •      Training
                                              •      Meetings
                   Employee
                                              •      Performance evaluation
                                              •      Survey

                                              •      Fax, email and telephone
                   Customer
                                              •      Customer satisfaction survey

                                              •      Meetings
         Suppliers/Subcontractors/
                                              •      Site visit
               Business Partners
                                              •      Survey

                  Community                   •      ESG Reports



     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

     The Group identifies issues for disclosure in the Report through internal and external materiality assessment.
     Some issues are updated to better align with the ESG Guide. By considering the dependence and influence
     on the Group of the stakeholders and the resources available for the Group, the management has identified
     key stakeholders and surveyed with them. They have expressed their opinions and recommendations on the
     sustainability issues related to the Group’s operation via a survey.


     Consolidating the results of internal assessment and the survey, the Group has compiled the materiality matrix
     (refer to the diagram below). The issues that fall within the top right-hand quadrant have relatively higher
     significance to both stakeholders and Group’s business. The Group will continue to improve its reporting process
     based on the assessment.



48   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                        Materiality Matrix


                                                                                           25, 26                     14

                                                                                                         16, 23, 24

                                                  11                                                     15, 21

                                                                             13            8, 20




                 Impact on the Stakeholder
                                                              12

                                                                                           17



                                                                             22

                                                  27         7               19

                                                                             9             18                         4

                                                              6                            3, 5

                                                              10

                                             28

                                                                                           2

                                                                                                         1



                                                           Impact on the Group


1    Air emissions                                11   Employment practices                         21   Customer satisfaction
2    Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions             12   Diversity and equal opportunities            22   Intellectual property
3    Effluents management                         13   Anti-discrimination                          23   Safety of projects
4    Waste management                             14   Occupational health and safety               24   Quality of projects
5    Energy efficiency                            15   Development and training                     25   Business ethics
6    Water efficiency                             16   Child labour and forced labour               26   Anti-corruption training for
                                                                                                         management and employees
7    Use of materials                             17   Responsible supply chain management 27            Contributions to the society
8    Environmental compliance                     18   Environmental friendliness on products 28         Communication and connection with
                                                       or service purchased                              local community
9    Land use, pollution and restoration          19   Compliance with regulations on
                                                       marketing, product and service
                                                       labelling
10   Climate change                               20   Customers’ privacy and confidentiality




                                                                                           Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL

     Overview
     The Group endeavours to minimise any adverse impact on the environment resulting from its business activities.
     The Group had implemented an environmental management system which was certified to be in compliance
     with the standard required under ISO 14001:2015. Apart from following the environmental protection policies
     formulated and required by customers, the Group has also established Environmental Policy to ensure proper
     management of environmental protection and compliance of environmental laws and regulations by both our
     employees and workers of the subcontractors on, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal.
     The Group’s Environmental Protection Measures Policy specifies the guidelines for protecting the environment in
     various aspects.


     Emissions
     The Group’s sites of operation are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws and
     regulations in Hong Kong such as Air Pollution Control Ordinance, Noise Control Ordinance, Water Pollution
     Control Ordinance and Waste Disposal Ordinance, Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A breach
     of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. The Group
     ensures its compliance with relevant laws and regulations through measures described in the following sections.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


     Air Pollutant Emissions
     As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works service to
     customers, there are no significant emissions from stationary sources and dust in the sites of operation, we adopt
     appropriate dust reduction measures to further eliminate any air pollutants emissions by water spraying and
     maintaining ventilation.


     The air pollutants are mainly emitted from the fuel consumption of mobile vehicles, including sulphur oxides
     (SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and particulate matter (PM). To control the emissions from vehicles, all vehicles are
     under frequent and regular checks and maintenance to ensure no energy inefficiency occurs and idling engine is
     prohibited.


     The air pollutant emissions recorded a decrease in 2021/2022, as compared to last year. It was attributable to the
     decrease of diesel and petrol consumption of mobile vehicles. Going forward, we have set reduction target to
     reduce air pollutant emissions by 50% before 2035. The Group will continue to monitor and record air pollutant
     emissions, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.




50   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                              2021/2022              2020/2021        2019/2020
Air Pollutant Emissions     1
                                                                                        kg                       kg             kg


Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
    – Office                                                                          4.63                   4.91             5.50
    – Projects                                                                        3.31                  16.73            16.41
                                                                                      7.94                  21.64            21.91


Sulphur oxides (SOx)
    – Office                                                                          0.13                   0.11             0.12
    – Projects                                                                        0.08                   0.05             0.06
                                                                                      0.21                   0.16             0.18


Particulate matter (PM)
    – Office                                                                          0.34                   0.36             0.40
    – Projects                                                                        0.24                   1.58             1.55
                                                                                      0.58                   1.94             1.95




                                    Air Pollutant Emissions by Type in kg
                                                          0.21
                                            7.94                   0.58

                       2021/2022

                                                                 21.64                            0.16
                                                                                                            1.94
                       2020/2021

                                   0.00          5.00          10.00         15.00        20.00          25.00
                                                    NOx                SOx           PM


                                    Air Pollutant Emissions by Source in kg

                                          5.10          3.64

                       2021/2022

                                          5.38                           18.36

                       2020/2021

                                   0.00          5.00          10.00         15.00        20.00          25.00

                                                          Office         Projects

1      Air pollutant emissions are estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental
       KPIs” published by the Stock Exchange. Data includes emissions incurred by mobile vehicles only.



                                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
     In response to the community’s gradual concern on greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, climate changes and
     other related issues, the Group has begun to monitor and report the GHG emissions annually through ESG
     report.


     The total GHG emissions and its intensity were approximately 477.72 tonnes CO2-equivalent (tonnes CO2-e)
     and 0.81 tonnes CO2-e per million HK$ revenue respectively in 2021/2022, which increased by around 48% and
     decreased by 47% respectively, as compared to last year. The increase in total GHG emissions were attributable
     to the significant increase in electricity consumption in projects in 2021/22, as the job nature of projects in
     2021/22 required more electricity used by generators on sites compared to last year, this contributed to a higher
     Scope 1 Emissions.


     GHG Emissions2                                                                  2021/2022              2020/2021            2019/2020
                                                                                    tonnes CO2            tonnes CO2           tonnes CO2
                                                                                     equivalent            equivalent           equivalent


     Scope 13
         – Office                                                                           23.40                 19.88                22.31
         – Projects                                                                       220.17                  32.69                12.18


     Scope 1 Total                                                                        243.57                  52.58                34.49


     Scope 24
         – Office                                                                           18.62                 16.72                21.48
         – Projects                                                                       215.53                253.41                 96.00


     Scope 2 Total                                                                        234.15                270.13               117.48


     Total                                                                                477.72                322.71               151.97
     Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                     0.81                  1.53                 0.54


     In 2021/2022, the Group’s GHG inventory principally comprise of scope 1 and 2 emissions, the total GHG
     emissions were almost equally divided between Scope 1 and Scope 2.




     2       The data is estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” published by
             The Stock Exchange.
     3       Scope 1: The direct emission from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emission from the Group’s
             fossil fuel combustion.
     4       Scope 2: The “indirect energy” emissions from the internal purchased electricity consumption by the Group.



52   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                   GHG Emissions by Scope in tCO²-e

                                       243.57                   234.15

              2021/2022

                           52.57            270.13
                                       243.57                   234.15
              2020/2021
              2021/2022
                          0.00      100.00     200.00      300.00       400.00   500.00     600.00
                           52.57              270.13
                                                  Scope1            Scope 2
              2020/2021

Considering the source of GHG emissions, emissions from the projects account for about 91% of the total GHG
                          0.00      100.00     200.00      300.00       400.00   500.00     600.00
emissions in 2021/2022.
                           42.02                    435.70
                                                  Scope1            Scope 2

              2021/2022          GHG Emissions by Source in tCO²-e
                           36.60             286.10
                           42.02                      435.70
              2020/2021
              2021/2022
                          0.00      100.00     200.00      300.00       400.00   500.00     600.00
                            36.60            286.10
                                                      Office        Projects
              2020/2021

                          0.00      100.00     200.00      300.00       400.00   500.00     600.00

                                                      Office        Projects


Going forward, we have set a vision to reduce intensity of GHG emissions by 50% before 2035. The Group will
continue to monitor and record GHG emissions, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and
reduction plans when appropriate.




                                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Hazardous and Non-hazardous Wastes Management
     The Group acknowledges possible environmental impacts of waste generated during the course of its
     operations such as site clearance, excavation works, and construction and fitting out works. The Group strives to
     mitigate environmental impacts by adopting the right waste management strategy, prioritising avoidance and
     minimisation of waste generation, reuse of materials, recovery and recycling. We strictly abides to the Waste
     Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction Waste) Regulation for handling any construction wastes from
     projects.


     In accordance with the Construction Waste Management Plan of BEAM Plus requirement, a waste management
     system was in place to guide proper sorting, recycling and disposal of construction materials. Measures are
     implemented in the sites of operations, such as placing recycling bins to collect recyclable wastes as well as
     recycling and reusing construction materials when applicable. We maintain proper records of waste materials
     with routine inspection and reporting system. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of a
     significant amount of hazardous wastes generated in the sites of operation and the office.


     The non-hazardous wastes production was approximately 2,656 tonnes and its intensity was 4.49 tonnes per
     million HK$ revenue respectively in 2021/2022, recorded a increase of over two times and 23%, as compared to
     last year. As the nature of construction projects may be differ every year, the data could not be compared directly.


     Going forward, we have set target to reduce waste intensity by 50% before 2035. the Group will continue refining
     its wastes reduction measures and disclose relevant results where appropriate.


     Waste                                                             2021/2022          2020/2021         2019/2020
                                                                            tonnes            tonnes           tonnes


     Hazardous wastes                                                             0                 0                0
     Non-hazardous wastes                                                    2,656                766            2,266
     Total                                                                   2,656                766            2,266
     Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                      4.49              3.63              8.01


     Effluents
     As the sites of operation involve generation of construction runoff and sewage, the Group takes appropriate
     measures to avoid contamination and blockage of public drains and sewers in accordance with the Sewage
     Services Ordinance. The wastewater treatment system is established to remove suspended solids contained in
     concrete washings and site runoff. Inspection and maintenance of the system is conducted regularly. In addition,
     water consumption is minimised through utilising site runoff for dust suppression.




54   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Use of Resources
The major use of resources of the Group includes energy, water and other construction material. Resource-saving
is recognised as one of the key considerations in operations as stated in the Environmental Policy.


Energy
Energy consumption is controlled through administrative measures, such as switching off electrical appliance
during non-business hours.


In 2021/2022, the types of energy used by the Group comprise of diesel, petrol and electricity, similar to last
year. The total energy consumption was approximately 1,009 megawatt-hours (MWh), recorded an increase of
66.4%, as compared to last year. The increase in the total energy consumption was attributable to the significant
increase in both direct (i.e. diesel consumption) and indirect energy consumption (i.e. electricity) for projects.
The increase of diesel consumption and energy consumption by machines were affected due to difference of job
nature of projects held by the Group in 2021/22 and 2020/21. The energy consumption intensity was 1.71 MWh
per million HK$ revenue, recorded an decrease of 41%, as compared to last year.


We have set a target to reduce the energy consumption intensity by 50% before 2035. Going forward, the Group
will continue to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data collection system and develop
targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


Energy Consumption                                                                2021/2022               2020/2021        2019/2020
                                                                                         MWh                  MWh                MWh


Direct Energy Consumption5
    – Office                                                                             85.26                68.84              81.29
    – Projects (Petrol and Diesel)                                                     477.77                124.77              46.90
                                                                                       563.03                193.61             128.19


Indirect Energy Consumption6
    – Office                                                                             50.34                45.18              42.11
    – Projects                                                                         396.18                367.92             128.04
                                                                                       446.52                413.10             170.15


Total Energy Consumption                                                             1,009.54                606.71             298.34
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                        1.71                2.88               1.05




5     It includes the energy consumption from the fossil fuel consumption, including diesel and petrol.
6     It includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.



                                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Water
     The water resource is also realised as a precious resource. In order to reduce the use of freshwater, the Group
     encourages the reuse and recycling of water in sites of operation, for example, the sewage is reused for dust
     suppression. The Group does not consume other natural water resources such as surface water or underground
     water. Water was supplied by third parties, therefore, there was no issue in sourcing water.


     In 2021/2022, the total water consumption and its intensity were approximately 7,275 m3 and 12.29 m3 per million
     HK$ revenue respectively, representing increases of over one-fold and decrease of 13% compared with last year.
     In the Reporting Period, projects that had higher water demand than last year were completed. We have set a
     reduction target to reduce the water consumption by 50% before 2035. Going forward, the Group will continue
     to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and
     reduction plans when appropriate.


     Water Consumption7                                                         2021/2022       2020/2021      2019/2020
                                                                               cubic meters   cubic meters   cubic meters


     Total water consumption                                                         7,275           2,979          5,625
     Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                             12.29           14.14          19.87


     Construction Material
     We were awared that construction sector is a major consumer of timber from rainforests. The Group strived to
     create an environmentally friendly corporate image by sustainable timber sourcing. Aligned with the BEAM Plus
     requirement, virgin forest products are not used for temporary works during construction. All timber used for
     the projects were in compliance with Forest Stewardship Council standards or certified by the American Forest
     and Paper Association before purchased or recycled from other sites. We employed such approach to better
     conserve the valuable forests and habitats.


     Packaging Material
     As the Group’s operations mainly focus on provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service, no
     packaging material consumption can be identified during the Reporting Period.




     7     It includes the water consumption in the sites of operation only.



56   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Environment and Natural Resources
As established in its Environmental Policy and Integrated Management System (IMS) Policy, the Group strives to
mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s operation does make
an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group implements a range of
measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with applicable environmental-
related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which balances the need for
operation with minimising its environmental impact.


The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
environment and natural resources. The details of measures are illustrated in the sections headed “Emission” and
“Use of Resources”.


Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.


Climate change
The climate has been changing gradually over the last decades and the situation continues to deteriorate.
We experienced extreme weather, such as strong winds and heavy rainfall, as well as tides and floods more
frequently. This is due to human attitudes, habits and the rapid development of society, which is overly
dependent on high carbon consumption. In the long run, it is expected that the earth’s resources will be
exhausted. Therefore, countries around the world are discussing measures to address this issue. According to the
Paris Agreement, which was finalised at the global conference in 2016, governments and corporate groups are
required to achieve “net-zero” carbon emissions by 2050.


Our Group has set a business sustainability vision to 2035 to contribute to a healthy and sustainable environment.
The Group aims to identify and address the risks of climate change across all top assets to people, resources and
industries in a way that is appropriate and feasible to mitigate extreme climate change. Extreme weather could
cause serious damage to assets such as buildings, goods in storage and construction machines, resulting in
financial losses. The Group has already set up measures on contingency plan for extreme weather or emergency
situations for our project sites, securing the safety of our employees.


We are committed to comply with all relevant laws, regulations and requirements, and do our best to achieve
the industry’s climate mitigation and climate change adaptation targets; to increase resources to strengthen the
ability to cope with the nature of existing or future climate change and the impact of natural hazards; to increase
employee awareness of climate change, training, outreach and education to enhance employee knowledge of
climate change and to facilitate the pace of carbon neutrality. The Group has set a vision to reduce the intensity
of use of carbon-related energy sources by 50% before 2035, in line with environmental targets.




                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Our Group strives to enhance data matching measures to reduce high gas emissions and energy consumption in
     the construction process, relevant departments are required to select low-carbon but energy-efficient materials
     and products in the procurement process, and strengthen cooperation with companies that comply with relevant
     legislation and fulfill and practice supply chain responsibility to achieve the target. We would regularly assess
     the risk of climate change with reference to relevant international and local certification standards and update
     corresponding measures, regularly identify and assess the probability of climate induced or exacerbated social
     crises, earth data, and countermeasures to achieve effective hazard mitigation, also to maintain and strengthen
     communication and partnership with government, industry leaders and policy makers to develop construction
     policies, approaches and innovations to move towards low carbon economy.


     SUBJECT AREA B: SOCIAL

     Employment and Labour Practices
     Employment
     The Group believes that employees are the most important asset of the company. As the business grows, the
     Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talents. The Group strictly abides by the
     Employment Ordinance, Employments’ Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Construction
     Workers Registration Ordinance and Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. A breach of these
     ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. Employees can report
     any suspected violations of laws and regulations related to employment and labour practices through an email
     address which was established to handle complaints and potential non-compliance cases. It can only be accessed
     by top management and board members. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-
     compliance case in this regard. The Group has established Human Resources Management Policy and other
     related guidelines, which set out the details on remuneration, dismissal, recruitment, promotion, working hours,
     rest periods, diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination.


     Remuneration and dismissal
     To attract and retain talents, the Group provides a competitive remuneration package to employees including
     salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group determines employee salaries based on each
     employee’s qualifications, position and seniority. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess
     the performance of employees, which forms the basis of decisions with respect to salary raises, bonuses and
     promotions. For voluntary resignation, an exit interview is conducted with the resigned employee so the Group
     would understand the reason and continue to improve the human resource management.




58   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Recruitment and promotion
The Group recruits talent in a fair, impartial and open manner, with reference to factors such as employees’
experience, qualifications and expertise required for the business operations. The Group endeavours to use its
best effort to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group assesses the
available human resources on a continuous basis and will determine whether additional personnel are required to
cope with the business development of the Group.


The Group recognises the importance of development and growth of employees. The promotion of employee
based on the performance appraisals. On a regular basis, performance appraisal is conducted between the
management of employees, evaluating employees’ performance regarding work attitude, technical skills,
interpersonal skills etc.


Working hours and rest periods
The Group is dedicated to providing reasonable working hours and rest periods to employees. All employees are
entitled to General Holidays as announced in the Hong Kong SAR Government Gazette each year. In addition to
General Holidays, employees are entitled to annual leave, maternity leave, sick leave and compassionate leave.


Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination
The Group is committed to ensuring that the work environment it provides is free from harassment,
discrimination and any behaviour that damage to productivity. The management of each department is
responsible for formulating and implementing the Group’s working environment policy, which contains the
standards in this regard.


Employee benefits and welfare
According to the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, the Group provide various benefits and welfare
to the employees. The Group participates in the defined contribution scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance which is available to its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions
to the MPF Scheme by the Group and employees are made based on a percentage of employees’ basic salaries.
The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed to the MPF Scheme. The
Group also provides medical insurance, compensation insurance and monetary awards, such as discretionary
bonus, to employees.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Workforce
     As at 31 March8                                                                 2021/2022              2020/2021           2019/2020


     By Gender
         – Male                                                                                 48                   48                   46
         – Female                                                                               24                   18                   16


     By Age Group
         – Below 30                                                                             10                     9                   7
         – 30-50                                                                                25                   24                   22
         – Above 50                                                                             37                   33                   33


     By Employee Type
         – Full Time                                                                            72                   66                   62
         – Part Time                                                                             0                     0                   0


     By Geographical Region
         – Hong Kong                                                                            72                   66                   62


     Total                                                                                      72                   66                   62



     Employee Turnover Rate9                                                         2021/2022              2020/2021           2019/2020
                                                                                                %                     %                    %


     By Gender
         – Male                                                                                 25                   17                   13
         – Female                                                                               38                   17                    6


     By Age Group
         – Below 30                                                                             50                   33                    0
         – 30-50                                                                                40                   17                    5
         – Above 50                                                                             16                   12                   18


     By Geographical Region
         – Hong Kong                                                                            29                   17                   11


     Overall                                                                                    29                   17                   11




     8       It includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.
     9       Employee turnover rate = (Total number of employees who left employment during the Reporting Period / Total number employees at the
             end of the Reporting Period) * 100%.



60   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Health and Safety
Due to the nature of works in the construction industry, workers at the sites are prone to safety hazards. The
Group has stated in its Safety and Health Policy Statement its commitment to creating a health and safety
working environment for its employees and subcontractors. The Group has adopted an occupational health and
safety management system in accordance with the requirement of ISO 45001:2018 accreditation and has in place
various policies and procedures to maintain health and safety in the workplace.


Safety Organisation
The Group has established a Company Safety Management Committee and Site Safety Committee with clearly
defined responsibilities. The former is responsible for developing, reviewing and revising the Group’s Safety and
Health Policy and regularly monitoring the proper implementation of a safety management system. The latter
provides and improves the safety at work on-site and shall able to participate in the making and monitoring of
arrangements for safety at the workplace.


Health and Safety Measures
In order to provide a safe and healthy working environment for employees and subcontractors and to ensure
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, a safety plan is implemented at the
commencement and during the implementation period of each project and conduct hazard analysis. The safety
officer conducts site visits regularly to ensure the workers have taken all necessary safety precaution measures.
Some key measures are implemented in the sites of operations as follows:


•    All new workers receive required personal protective equipment.


•    All new workers must attend introduction training prior to works commencement.


•    Contractors with the best safety performance are nominated monthly.


•    Safety Notice will be posted on the conspicuous place and safety promotion luncheon is organised on a
     regular basis to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and workers.


•    The Safety Model Worker Award Scheme has been established to raise the safety awareness of employees.


•    A fire drill is organised for dry seasons.


Monitoring System
Regular meetings are held for directors, safety officer and site supervisors to share the latest information and
good practices with respect to safety. In the event of the occurrence of incidents and near misses, prompt
corrections will be taken by following the emergency preparedness and response procedure. Follow-up
investigation will be carried out to find out the root causes of the case(s) and prevent re-occurrence of the similar
case(s). Apart from routine safety inspections, regular safety walks by senior management and Occupational
Health and Safety (OHS) audits are conducted on all constructions sites to verify the sufficiency and effectiveness
of safety control measures.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Safety Training
     The Group recognises safety training as one of the important elements in preventing workplace injuries.
     Therefore, the Group will identify the safety training needs of workers and employees, and safety training
     courses will be provided by external training bodies (such as the Construction Industry Council) to workers and
     employees. Training course including but not limited to:


              Course Category                              Description                               Audience

                                              Improve safety management                Senior project manager and site
      Safety Management Course
                                              technique                                agent

                                              Provide the assessor with                Risk assessment team members
                                              techniques of risk assessment to
      Risk Assessment Course
                                              assist the preparing safe systems of
                                              work and good safety practices

                                              Improve their safety supervision         Front line supervisory staff (e.g. Site
      Safety Supervisor Course
                                              and accident prevention technique        agent, foreman etc.)

                                              Enrich the basic safety knowledge        All workers
      Basic Safety Training Course
                                              of workers

                                              Introduce the site condition and         All new employees
      Safety Induction Course
                                              safety arrangement of the company

                                              Focus on relevant hazards of             All workers
                                              different works such as site
                                              formation and metal works, to
      Trade Training
                                              provide safety knowledge to the
                                              workers when working in high-risk
                                              activities

                                              Educate employees on risks and           All workers
      Toolbox Talk                            precautions relating to their roles in
                                              the sites of operations




62   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Response to COVID-19 Pandemic
The challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic are unprecedented. To reduce the risk of infection and the
spread of the virus in the workplace, we have adopted the following measures:


–    Implemented special work arrangement, departments can exercise flexibility in making “working from
     home” and/or roster arrangements


–    Purchased insurance with additional coverage for our employees


–    Ensured sufficient stocks of disinfecting and cleaning supplies and surgical masks


The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong relating to providing a safe
working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardous, including but not limited to
Occupational Safety Ordinance, Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance, and follows the Codes of
Practice and Guidance Notes published by the Labour Department and relevant guidelines published by
the Construction Industry Council. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability
including fine and imprisonment.


During the Reporting Period, the Group experienced certain non-compliance incidents relating to certain
regulations under the Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance and the Public Health and Municipal
Services Ordinance. In response to these incidents, our safety department has increased the frequency of
inspection and prepared safety inspection report accordingly in order to enhance site workers’ safety awareness
and reduce the frequency of occurrence of such incidents.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group will continue to review the existing occupational health and safety management system and elevate
     the safety awareness of the employees and subcontractors. Our safety performance is as follows:


     Safety Performance                                                               2021/2022               2020/2021            2019/2020


     Total number of working hours (man-hours)                                          1,364,832                426,110            1,058,812


     Fatality
          • Number of fatalities                                                                   0                     0                    0
          • Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours10                                              0.00                  0.00                  0.00


     Lost Days
          • Number of working days lost due to injuries11                                       399                      0                  306
          • Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours12                                            29.23                   0.00                28.90


     Accident Rate
          • Number of accident (reportable cases)                                                  9                     0                    4
          • Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours13                                              0.66                  0.00                  0.38


     Development and Training
     The Group respects the people-oriented principle and regards the employee as the utmost important asset.
     Attaching importance to cultivating and developing talents are the drivers for the continuous improvement of the
     Group and the key to the success of its future business.


     The Group provides various types of training to employees and sponsors them to attend various training courses,
     including those on occupational health and safety in relation to the construction work. Such training courses
     include internal training as well as courses organised by external parties such as the Construction Industry
     Council and the Occupational Safety and Health Council.




     10      Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of fatalities / Total number of working hours worked during the Reporting Period)
             *100,000.
     11      It refers to the number of working days lost as a result of accidents that occurred during the Reporting Period.
     12      Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of labour days lost/ Total number of working hours worked during the Reporting
             Period) *100,000.
     13      Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of injuries / estimated total working hours during the Reporting Period) *100,000.



64   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Training highlights in the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, the Group had 21% of the total number of employees received training and they
received 683 hours of training. The percentage of employees receiving training for the years ended 31 March are
as follows:


Percentage of employees receiving training14                                   2021/2022              2020/2021            2019/2020
                                                                                           %                    %                    %


By Gender
     – Male                                                                               27                   15                     7
     – Female                                                                             13                     6                  13
By Employee Category
     – Senior Management or above                                                         60                   13                   29
     – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                   22                   11                   16
     – General Staff                                                                      39                   25                     –
Overall                                                                                   22                   12                     8



The corresponding average training hours15 per employee for the year ended 31 March are as follows:


                                                                               2021/2022              2020/2021            2019/2020
                                                                                     hours/               hours/               hours/
Average training hours                                                           employee             employee             employee


By Gender
     – Male                                                                           11.09                  3.50                 0.65
     – Female                                                                           6.27                 1.33                 1.25
By Employee Category
     – Senior Management or above                                                     23.90                      3                2.86
     – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                               10.86                  2.67                 1.58
     – General Staff                                                                  16.00                  6.00                     –
Overall                                                                                 9.49                 2.91                 0.81




14      Percentage of employees receiving training = (Total number of employees receiving training during the Reporting Period / the total
        number of employees at the end of the Reporting Period) *100%.
15      Average training hours = Total training hours during the Reporting Period / Total number of employees at the end of the Reporting
        Period.



                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022      65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Labour Standards
     The Group prohibits the employment of child labour, forced labour and illegal labour as stipulated in its
     Employee Handbook. The Group considers the risk for incidents of child or forced labour in terms of our business
     activities and operating locations are not significant.


     The Group has implemented the following measures to prevent having child labour or illegal immigrants from
     being on-site and to prevent illegal workers from taking employment on site:


     1.      Human resources and administrative officers inspect and take a copy of the original of his/her Hong Kong
             identity card and/or other documentary evidence showing that he/she is lawfully employable in Hong Kong.


     2.      The subcontracting agreement contains a clause whereby subcontractors are required to hire only persons
             who are lawfully employable to work on-site and to prevent any illegal worker to enter the site.


     3.      Foremen are responsible for inspecting the personal identification document of each worker and shall
             refuse any person who does not possess proper personal identification documents from entering the site.


     The Group strictly abides the Employment Ordinance and section 38A of the Immigration Ordinance. A breach
     of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. If violations of
     laws and regulations such as child labour and forced labour are found, the Company will take countermeasures
     timely in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and will stringently follow up on these violations. During
     the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case relating to child labour, forced
     labour and illegal immigrant labour.


     Operating Practices
     Supply Chain Management
     The Group is committed to building lasting and constructive relationships with partners in its supply chain. The
     suppliers of goods and services to the Group mainly include:


     (i)     subcontractors


     (ii)    suppliers of construction materials such as concrete and reinforcement steel


     (iii)   machinery and equipment rental service providers


     In 2021/2022, the Group has a total of 237 (2020/2021: 187) suppliers and subcontractors and all of them are
     located in Hong Kong.




66   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Procurement practices
As stated in the Code of Conduct, it is necessary to be objective, fair and ethical when purchasing materials or
services. Procurement decisions should be made according to price, quality, delivery capacity, service reputation
and integrity, etc.


The Group’s Material Supplier/Subcontractor Management Policy outlines our general procurement procedure
for material suppliers and subcontractors. To manage the environmental and social risks of our supply chain, we
conduct assessments on our suppliers and subcontractors based on their environmental and social performance.
The details of the practices are as follows.


The Group maintains an approved list of material suppliers or subcontractors, which are selected based on their
experience, qualifications, quality of work, reputation in the industry, capability, price competitiveness, credit-
worthiness and their safety and environmental records. Furthermore, in some projects, certain works which
required specific skill sets including curtain wall installation, lifts and escalators installation and electrical and
mechanical works, required to be carried out by the subcontractors nominated by customers.


The approved list will be reviewed and updated from time to time according to the performance of suppliers
and subcontractors. To evaluate the performance of suppliers and subcontractors, we conduct suppliers and
subcontractor performance evaluation based on a list of criteria. If the supplier or subcontractor is considered as
unqualified based on the evaluation, it will be removed from the approved list.


Subcontractors management
In order to closely monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to ensure that the subcontractors comply
with the contractual requirements and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group requires subcontractors to
follow its internal control measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental compliance.


During project implementation, the project team regularly meets with subcontractors and closely monitors
their performance and work progress as well as their compliance with the Group’s safety measures and quality
standards.


For further information regarding the Group’s measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental
compliance of subcontractors, please refer to the sections headed “Product Responsibility”, “Health and Safety”
and “Environmental Aspect”.


In addition, depending on agreements with subcontractors, the Group may hold up a certain percentage of each
interim payment made to our subcontractors as retention money, such that if the subcontractors fail to deliver
the works or rectify any defects in a timely manner, any expenses or losses induced can be deducted from the
retention money held from our subcontractors.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Product Responsibility
     The Group has established Quality Policy and various internal control procedures, showing the Group’s
     commitment regarding safety and quality management of its projects and services and protection of customer’s
     privacy.


     Quality Management
     Quality management is the key to maintain the safety of our projects. To maintain consistent quality and safety of
     services for customers, the Group has established a formal quality management system which is certified to be
     in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015. The Group has in-house quality assurance requirements
     that conform to the ISO 9001:2015 quality standards specifying, among other things, specific work procedures
     for performing different types of the site works, management process, responsibilities of personnel of different
     levels, tendering process, cost control, project planning, project management and supervision, quality inspection
     procedures and standards, subcontracting requirements and accident reporting and complaints. Workers and
     subcontractors are required to follow such procedures.


     Quality control of projects
     The Group’s quality management system is contained in its project quality plan which sets out the steps to be
     carried out throughout the building works process from pre-construction stage to the maintenance stage.


     To ensure that the works meet the required standard,


     1.    A full-time foreman is assigned at each of the construction sites as the first line of monitoring the quality of
           works done by the Group’s own staff or subcontractors.


     2.    Project manager visits the construction sites to monitor the work quality, the progress of work and ensures
           that works are completed according to schedule.


     3.    The Group’s Executive Directors, who closely monitor the progress of each project, communicate with the
           project management teams closely and discuss issues identified, to ensure the building works:


           •     meet customers’ requirements


           •     are completed within the time stipulated in the contract and the budget allocated for the project


           •     comply with all relevant codes and regulations applicable to the works




68   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Quality control of materials
The quality of purchased materials is closely monitored. To ensure the quality of supplies, prior to ordering,
quantity surveyors will ensure that the materials are sourced from approved suppliers to ensure the overall quality
of supplies.


Upon the arrival of the ordered materials, all materials are sent directly to the relevant work sites for inspection
by foremen before utilisation. During the inspection, the designated personnel will check (i) whether the quantity
is correct; and (ii) whether there are any observable defects. Any defective materials or materials that fall short of
the product specifications would be returned to the suppliers for replacement. Customers would also inspect the
materials used by us at project sites and verify the specifications from time to time.


Customer satisfaction
The Group is committed to providing efficient and cordial services, always ensuring satisfactory customer
satisfaction. We provide customers with information including price, business capabilities and product
characteristics are clear and authentic. No misstatement or exaggeration for our product and services.


As stipulated in the IMS manual, the Group monitors the quality performance of projects based on the
customers’ feedback. The Group is committed to understanding the views and opinions towards product and
services through close communication with customers and proper maintenance of the related records. We collect
customers’ feedbacks through a customer satisfaction survey. The feedbacks serve as a valuable reference for our
future improvements.


Intellectual Property Protection
The Group’s business does not involve research and development. Nonetheless, our Code of Conduct stated
explicitly that new ideas and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
special rights and trade secrets, are all valuable assets of the Group and must be protected. All employees are
responsible for protecting the intellectual property rights of the Group and others. Employees are required
to inform the management immediately if any cases of infringement of the intellectual property of the Group.
Copying of any part of third-party software is prohibited unless it is an authorised copy, or its license explicitly
permits copying. Downloading and installation of unauthorised software are not allowed.


Advertising and Labelling
The Group does not involve in product packaging and labelling activities. Besides, the Group does not rely
heavily on marketing and advertising. The Group does not aware of any significant impact relating to advertising
and labelling on its operations.


Customer Data Protection and Privacy
The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. The Group strives to
protect the privacy of its customers, business partners and staff in the collection, processing and use of their
business or personal data. The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance on the handling of confidential
information.


The Group strictly follows the laws and regulations relating to product responsibility, such as the Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Anti-corruption
     Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to defend. The
     Group’s Code of Conduct sets out the employee’s conducts in dealing with problems related to acceptance of
     advantages and conflicts of interest.


     Other than the internal anti-bribery and corruption guidelines as stipulated in the Code of Conduct, the Group
     has in place a whistleblowing policy as a communication channel for employees to report concerns relating
     to the ethical business or personal conduct, accounting and financial matters, integrity and professionalism,
     or allegations of retaliation for having reported matters in good faith. Employees are welcomed to send his/
     her concerns via email anonymously. To strengthen employees’ awareness on integrity and anti-corruption,
     the Group conducted anti-corruption training sessions for both employees and directors. The Group has also
     implemented appropriate and effective internal controls at different business processes to prevent and detect
     fraudulent activities.


     The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
     in Hong Kong, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
     Financing Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine
     and imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case or related
     corruption litigation case in this regard.


     Community
     Community Investment
     The Group is committed to maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. The Group’s
     Community Investment Policy establishes a framework and guidelines for community investment, sponsorship
     and donation activities, and is expected to contribute to community wellness.


     The Group aims to develop long-term relations with stakeholders based on mutual trust, respect and integrity.
     The Group also seeks to make contributions to programs which have a positive impact on community
     development. Employees are encouraged to volunteer, and work through collaboration with strategic giving as
     well as capacity-building initiatives to try and create a positive impact in the community.


     During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on the contribution in the area of education. The Group
     donated HK$14,600. Beneficiary organisations include as follows.


     •     Twinklestars, which is an organisation that aims at providing financial support to the needed students for
           their tertiary education in Mainland China.




70   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX

Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                              Reference Section/Statement


General Disclosure   Information on:


                     (a)    the policies; and                                     Emissions


                     (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer


                     relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions,
                     discharges into water and land, and generation of
                     hazardous and non-hazardous waste


KPI A1.1             The types of emissions and respective emissions              Emissions
                     data


KPI A1.2             Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes)                Emissions
                     and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of
                     production volume, per facility)


KPI A1.3             Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,              Emissions
                     where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of
                     production volume, per facility)


KPI A1.4             Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)               Emissions
                     and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of
                     production volume, per facility)


KPI A1.5             Description of measures to mitigate emissions and            Emissions
                     results achieved


KPI A1.6             Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous               Emissions
                     wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and results
                     achieved


General Disclosure   Policies on efficient use of resources, including            Use of Resources
                     energy, water and other raw materials


KPI A2.1             Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type            Use of Resources
                     (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ‘000s)
                     and intensity (e.g. per meal)




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                                    Reference Section/Statement


     KPI A2.2                   Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per                           Use of Resources
                                unit of production volume, per facility)


     KPI A2.3                   Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and                         Use of Resources
                                results achieved


     KPI A2.4                   Description of whether there is any issue in                                 Use of Resources
                                sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water
                                efficiency initiatives and results achieved


     KPI A2.5                   Total packaging material used for finished products                          Not material: Not relevant to
                                (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per                          the Group’s business
                                unit produced


     General Disclosure         Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant                              The Environment and Natural
                                impact on the environment and natural resources                                Resources


     KPI A3.1                   Description of the significant impacts of activities                         The Environment and Natural
                                on the environment and natural resources and the                               Resources
                                actions taken to manage them


     General Disclosure         Policies on identification and mitigation of                                 Climate Change
                                significant climate-related issues which have
                                impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer


     KPI A4.1                   Description of the significant climate-related issues                        Climate Change
                                which have impacted, and those which may impact,
                                the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them


     General Disclosure         Information on:


                                (a)    the policies; and                                                     Employment


                                (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                relating to compensation and dismissal,
                                recruitment and promotion, working hours,
                                re s t p e r i o d s , e q u a l o p p o r t u n i t y, d i v e r s i t y,
                                antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare




72   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                             Reference Section/Statement


KPI B1.1             Total workforce by gender, employment type, age             Employment
                     group and geographical region


KPI B1.2             Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and             Employment
                     geographical region


General Disclosure   Information on:


                     (a)   the policies; and                                     Health and Safety


                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                           that have a significant impact on the issuer


                     relating to providing a safe working environment
                     and protecting employees from occupational
                     hazards


KPI B2.1             Number and rate of work-related fatalities                  Health and Safety


KPI B2.2             Lost days due to work injury                                Health and Safety


KPI B2.3             Description of occupational health and safety               Health and Safety
                     measures adopted, how they are implemented and
                     monitored


General Disclosure   Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and              Development and Training
                     skills for discharging duties at work. Description of
                     training activities


KPI B3.1             The percentage of employees trained by gender               Development and Training
                     and employee category


KPI B3.2             The average training hours completed per                    Development and Training
                     employee by gender and employee category




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                              Reference Section/Statement


     General Disclosure         Information on:


                                (a)    the policies; and                                               Labour Standards


                                (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                relating to preventing child or forced labour


     KPI B4.1                   Description of measures to review employment                           Labour Standards
                                practices to avoid child and forced labour


     KPI B4.2                   Description of steps taken to eliminate such                           No case discovered
                                practices when discovered


     General Disclosure         Policies on managing environmental and social                          Supply Chain Management
                                risks of supply chain


     KPI B5.1                   Number of suppliers by geographical region                             Supply Chain Management


     KPI B5.2                   Description of practices relating to engaging                          Supply Chain Management
                                s u p p l i e r s , n u m b e r o f s u p p l i e r s w h e re t h e
                                practices are being implemented, how they are
                                implemented and monitored


     General Disclosure         Information on:


                                (a)    the policies; and                                               Product Responsibility


                                (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                       that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling
                                and privacy matters relating to products and
                                services provided and methods of redress


     KPI B6.1                   Percentage of total products sold or shipped                           Not material: No
                                subject to recalls for safety and health reasons                         manufacturing of products


     KPI B6.2                   Number of products and service related complaints                      No related complaints
                                received and how they are dealt with                                     received




74   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                             Reference Section/Statement


KPI B6.3             Description of practices relating to observing and          Product Responsibility
                     protecting intellectual property rights


KPI B6.4             Description of quality assurance process and recall         Product Responsibility
                     procedures


KPI B6.5             Description of consumer data protection and                 Product Responsibility
                     privacy policies, how they are implemented and
                     monitored


General Disclosure   Information on


                     (a)   the policies; and                                     Anti-corruption


                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                           that have a significant impact on the issuer


                     relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                     laundering


KPI B7.1             Number of concluded legal cases regarding                   No concluded case
                     corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its
                     employees during the Reporting Period and the
                     outcomes of the cases


KPI B7.2             Description of preventive measures and whistle-             Anti-corruption
                     blowing procedures, how they are implemented
                     and monitored


General Disclosure   Policies on community engagement to understand              Community Investment
                     the needs of the communities where the issuer
                     operates and to ensure its activities take into
                     consideration the communities’ interests


KPI B8.1             Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,                Community Investment
                     environmental concerns, labour needs, health,
                     culture, sport)


KPI B8.2             Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the           Community Investment
                     focus area




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDEN PONDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
     and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 81 to 141, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
     the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
     then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
     policies.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
     in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
     with the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
     ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     provide a separate opinion on these matters.




76   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Revenue recognition of construction contracts
Refer to notes 5(b) and 7 to the consolidated financial statements.


The Group’s revenue from construction contracts amounted to approximately HK$591,900,000 for the year
ended 31 March 2022, and the carrying amount of contract assets of the Group amounted to approximately
HK$142,108,000 as at 31 March 2022.


The Group recognised revenue from a construction contract by reference to the progress towards complete
satisfaction of performance obligation at the end of the reporting period, measured using the input method.
Most of the Group’s construction contracts with customers take more than one year to complete and the
scope of work of a contract may change during the construction period. Management estimates the revenue
and budgeted costs at the commencement of construction contracts and regularly assesses the progress
of construction works as well as the financial impact of any scope changes, claims, disputes and liquidation
damages.


We identified the revenue recognition of construction contracts as a key audit matter as management’s estimate
of revenue, budgeted costs and the stage of completion of construction works requires significant judgement
and has a significant impact on the amount and timing of revenue recognised.


Our response:


•    Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s controls and processes over revenue recognition of
     construction contracts and contract budget preparation;


•    Discussing with management and the contract managers of the Group who are responsible for the
     preparation of budgets of construction contracts to evaluate the reasonableness of their bases of
     estimation of the budget revenue and costs as well as the progress towards completion of the contracts;


•    Checking supporting documents including contracts, variation orders and correspondences with customers,
     subcontractors and suppliers, in order to evaluate reasonableness of management’s estimation of the
     budgeted revenue and budgeted contract costs;


•    Assessing management’s estimates of the impact on revenue and budgeted costs arising from scope
     changes made to the construction contracts, claims, disputes and liquidated damages with reference to
     supporting documents including variation orders and correspondence among the Group, independent
     surveyors, customers, subcontractors and suppliers;


•    Recalculating the revenue recognised based on estimate of the progress of the construction contracts; and


•    On a sample basis, agreeing the contract costs incurred to date on construction contracts to the
     subcontractors’ payment certificates and supplier invoices.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
     Refer to notes 5(a), 18 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements.


     As at 31 March 2022, trade receivables and contract assets of the Group, net of the respective loss allowance,
     amounted to approximately HK$49,170,000 and approximately HK$142,108,000 respectively, representing
     approximately 14% and 39%, respectively, of the Group’s total assets.


     Management estimates expected credit loss (“ECL”) of trade receivables and contract assets based on the
     historical default rates, past-due status and financial capability of individual debtors and forward-looking
     macroeconomic factors.


     We identified the impairment of trade receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the
     significance of the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets to the consolidated financial
     statements, as well as the significant judgement involved in developing and implementing the ECL model and
     high level of estimation uncertainty.


     Our response:


     •     Understanding management’s process of assessing recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets;


     •     Assessing the appropriateness of management’s ECL model and challenging assumptions and data used in
           estimating ECL, including testing the accuracy of the historical data, evaluating whether the historical loss
           rates are appropriately adjusted based on current economic conditions and forward-looking information
           and assessing whether there was an indication of management bias when recognising loss allowances; and


     •     Discussing with the Group’s project managers about their evaluation of impact of disputes with customers
           and unforeseen delay of construction contracts, if any, on the recoverability of trade receivables and
           contract assets and checking to those relevant correspondences and documents to assess reasonableness
           of their evaluation.


     OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
     included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
     auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
     express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
     consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
     misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
     other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




78   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
      of the Group’s internal control.




                                                                            Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     •     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
           and related disclosures made by the directors.


     •     conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
           that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
           that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
           disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
           opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
           However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •     evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
           and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •     obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
           are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
           responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
     the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
     be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.


     From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
     We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
     matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.




     BDO Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Tang Tak Wah
     Practising Certificate Number P06262


     Hong Kong, 24 June 2022


80   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2022




                                                                                2022                     2021
                                                        Notes              HK$’000                   HK$’000


Revenue                                                   7                 591,900                  210,660
Cost of services                                                           (565,058)                 (207,513)


Gross profit                                                                  26,842                    3,147


Other income, gains and losses                            8                      342                    3,403
(Provision)/reversal of loss allowance of
  trade receivables and contract assets, net            32(a)                 (1,045)                       38
Fair value loss on derivative financial liability        23                  (19,080)                        –
Administrative and other expenses                                            (25,864)                 (20,622)
Finance costs                                             9                       (36)                     (30)


Loss before income tax (expense)/credit                  10                  (18,841)                 (14,064)
Income tax (expense)/credit                              11                      (550)                  1,750


Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year
  attributable to owners of the Company                                      (19,391)                 (12,314)


                                                                           HK cents                 HK cents


Loss per share, attributable to owners of the Company
– Basic and diluted                                      14                     (2.42)                   (1.54)




                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2022




                                                                       2022         2021
                                                         Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                        15           8,340       1,294
     Right-of-use assets                                  16             636         483
     Intangible asset                                     17           1,125           –
     Deposits                                             19               –      17,899
     Deferred tax assets                                  24           1,175       1,725

                                                                      11,276      21,401

     Current assets
     Trade receivables                                    18          49,170      10,126
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables          19          70,816      27,644
     Contract assets                                      20         142,108      84,597
     Tax recoverable                                                       –       1,425
     Cash and cash equivalents                                        87,200      88,960

                                                                     349,294     212,752

     Current liabilities
     Trade and retention money payables                   21         169,853      52,117
     Accruals and other payables                                      15,053      13,557
     Derivative financial liability                       23          19,080           –
     Lease liabilities                                    22             654         522

                                                                     204,640      66,196

     Net current assets                                              144,654     146,556

     Total assets less current liabilities                           155,930     167,957

     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                    22              34           –

     NET ASSETS                                                      155,896     167,957

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                        26           8,275       8,000
     Reserves                                                        147,621     159,957

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                    155,896     167,957



     On behalf of the Board of Directors




                            Chan Kam Tong                        Chan Kam Ming
                                Director                            Director




82   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 March 2022




                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                       Share        Share            Capital       Retained
                                                      capital    premium            reserve        earnings           Total
                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                    (note 26)    (note 26)         (note 26)       (note 26)

At 1 April 2020                                        8,000       88,035             15,500          76,736         188,271

Dividend paid (note 13)                                    –            –                  –          (8,000)         (8,000)

Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          –            –                  –         (12,314)        (12,314)


At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                      8,000       88,035             15,500          56,422         167,957

Issuance of new shares (note 26)                         275        7,055                  –               –           7,330

Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          –            –                  –         (19,391)        (19,391)


At 31 March 2022                                      8,275       95,090             15,500          37,031         155,896




                                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2022




                                                                           2022        2021
                                                                 Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Loss before income tax (expense)/credit                             (18,841)    (14,064)
     Adjustments for:
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment              10        399         531
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                        10       1,235      1,158
       Amortisation of intangible asset                           10        375            –
       Write-off of property, plant and equipment                 10         37          22
       Provision/(reversal) of loss allowance of
          trade receivables, net                                  10        930          (56)
       Provision of loss allowance of contract assets, net        10        115          18
       Fair value loss on derivative financial liability                  19,080           –
       Bank interest income                                        8         (60)       (675)
       Finance costs                                               9         36          30
       Bad debts                                                   8           –        550
       Rent concessions                                            8           –        (157)


     Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes                3,306     (12,643)


     (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                            (39,974)    33,964
     (Increase)/decrease in deposits, prepayments and other
       receivables                                                       (25,273)     4,556
     Increase in contract assets                                         (57,626)     (9,368)
     Increase/(decrease) in trade and retention money payables           117,736     (32,260)
     Increase in accruals and other payables                               1,496      3,034
     Decrease in contract liabilities                                          –         (30)


     Cash used in operations                                                (335)    (12,747)
     Income tax recovery                                                   1,425      1,329


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                1,090     (11,418)


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                              (152)       (186)
     Acquisition of a subsidiary                                  29      (1,500)          –
     Interest received                                                       60         675


     Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities               (1,592)       489




84   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                          For the year ended 31 March 2022




                                                                             2022                     2021
                                                     Notes              HK$’000                   HK$’000


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                        31(b)                     (36)                     (30)
Repayments of lease liabilities                      31(b)                 (1,222)                  (1,072)
Dividend paid                                         13                          –                 (8,000)


Net cash used in financing activities                                      (1,258)                  (9,102)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                  (1,760)                 (20,031)


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                         88,960                 108,991


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                               87,200                   88,960




                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     1. GENERAL INFORMATION

           The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. The
           address of its registered office is located at 71 Fort Street, P.O. Box 500, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-
           1106, Cayman Islands and its principal place of business is located at Offices F and G, Floor 23, Maxgrand
           Plaza, No. 3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


           The shares of the Company are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


           The immediate and ultimate holding company is Shiny Golden Limited, a company incorporated in the
           British Virgin Islands.


           The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
           note 27.


     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”)

           (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2021
                 The HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
                 accounting period of the Group:


                 Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39,                Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2
                     HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS16
                 Amendment to HKFRS 16                          COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions
                                                                  beyond 30 June 2021

                 None of these new or amended HKFRSs has a material impact on the Group’s results and financial
                 position for the current or prior period. The Group has not early applied any new or amended HKFRSs
                 that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.




86   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    31 March 2022




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective

     Amendments to HKAS 1                                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                                Disclosure of Accounting Policies2
         HKFRS Practice Statement 2
     Amendments to HKAS 8                                    Definition of Accounting Estimates2
     Amendments to HKAS 12                                   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                from a Single Transaction2
     Amendments to HKAS 16                                   Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before
                                                                Intended Use1
     Amendments to HKAS 37                                   Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract1
     Amendments to HKAS 41, HKFRS 1,                         Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-20201
         HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16
     Amendments to HKFRS 3                                   Reference to the Conceptual Framework3
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                its Associate or Joint Venture4
     HK Interpretation 5 (2020)                              Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification
                                                                by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                                Repayment on Demand Clause2
     HKFRS 17                                                Insurance Contracts2

     1
           Effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     2
           Effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2023
     3
           Effective for business combination or common control combination for which the date of acquisition or combination is on or
           after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2022
     4
           The amendments was originally intended to be effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2016. The
           effective date has now been deferred or removed. Early adoption of the amendments continue to be permitted



     The Directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments and revision
     in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.


3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

  (a) Statement of compliance
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all HKFRSs, Hong
     Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the
     “HKFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the
     consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Listing Rules.




                                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022        87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

           (b) Basis of measurement
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis except for
                 certain financial liability which are measured at fair values.


           (c) Functional and presentation currency
                 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), which is also
                 the functional currency of the Company, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands, except
                 when otherwise indicated.


     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation
                 The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
                 subsidiaries (“the Group”). Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies
                 together with unrealised profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial
                 statements. Unrealised loss are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
                 impairment on the asset transferred, in which case the loss is recognised in profit or loss.


                 The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
                 statement of comprehensive income from the dates of acquisition or up to the dates of disposal, as
                 appropriate. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
                 bring their accounting policies into line with those used by other members of the Group.


                 The Group accounts for business combination using the acquisition method when the acquired set
                 of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group. In
                 determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether
                 the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive processes
                 and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.


                 The cost of an acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of assets
                 transferred, liabilities incurred and equity interests issued by the Group, as the acquirer. The
                 identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are principally measured at acquisition-date fair
                 value. The Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured at acquisition-date
                 fair value and the resulting gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss. The Group may elect, on
                 a transaction-by-transaction basis, to measure the non-controlling interests that represent present
                 ownership interests in the subsidiary either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s
                 identifiable net assets. All other non-controlling interests are measured at fair value unless another
                 measurement basis is required by HKFRSs. Acquisition-related costs incurred are expensed unless
                 they are incurred in issuing equity instruments in which case the costs are deducted from equity.




88   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation (Continued)
      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at acquisition-date fair
      value. Subsequent adjustments to consideration are recognised against goodwill only to the extent
      that they arise from new information obtained within the measurement period (a maximum of 12
      months from the acquisition date) about the fair value at the acquisition date. All other subsequent
      adjustments to contingent consideration classified as an asset or a liability are recognised in profit or
      loss.


      When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the
      difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value
      of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and
      liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interest. Amounts previously recognised in other
      comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for in the same manner as would be
      required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of.


      Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests that represent present
      ownership interests in the subsidiary is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus such
      non-controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is
      attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those non-controlling interests having
      a deficit balance.


  (b) Subsidiaries
      A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls
      an investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or
      rights, to variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable
      returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change
      in any of these elements of control.


      De-facto control exists in situations where the Company has the practical ability to direct the relevant
      activities of the investee without holding the majority of the voting rights. In determining whether de-
      facto control exists the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including:


      •       The size of the Company’s voting rights relative to both the size and dispersion of other parties
              who hold voting rights;


      •       Substantive potential voting rights held by the Company and other parties who hold voting
              rights;


      •       Other contractual arrangements; and


      •       Historic patterns in voting attendance.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (b) Subsidiaries (Continued)
                 In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                 any impairment loss. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                 dividends received and receivable.


           (c) Property, plant and equipment
                 Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                 impairment loss. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any
                 directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended
                 use.


                 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                 appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
                 to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
                 part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss
                 during the financial period in which they are incurred.


                 Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost net of expected residual
                 value under reducing balance method or straight-line method. The annual depreciation rate and
                 depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
                 The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:


                 Furniture and equipment                       10% on the reducing balance method
                 Machinery                                     Straight-line basis over 10 years
                 Motor vehicles                                20% on the reducing balance method
                 Leasehold improvement                         Straight-line basis over the lease terms

                 An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than
                 the asset’s estimated recoverable amount.


                 The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is the difference between
                 the net sale proceeds and its carrying amount, and is recognised in profit or loss on disposal.




90   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (d) Leasing
     All leases are required to be capitalised in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets
     and lease liabilities, but accounting policy choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i)
     leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The
     Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for low-value assets and
     leases for which at the commencement date have a lease term of 12 months or less and do not certain
     purchase option. The lease payments associated with those leases have been expensed on straight-
     line basis over the lease term.

     Right-of-use asset
     The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
     measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
     (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
     (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the
     lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
     conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group measures
     the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures the right-
     of-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss, and adjusted for
     any remeasurement of lease liability.

     Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and
     the estimated useful lives of the assets. If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the
     end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated
     using the estimated useful life of the asset.

     Lease liability
     The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
     date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
     implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
     the Group uses the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

     The following payments for the right-to-use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not
     paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed payments
     less any lease incentives receivable; (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate,
     initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected to be
     payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if
     the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (v) payments of penalties for terminating
     the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.

     Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
     carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
     the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or
     lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate, a
     change in the lease term, a change in the substance fixed lease payments or a change in assessment
     to purchase the underlying asset.



                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (e) Intangible asset
                 Acquired intangible assets are recognised initially at cost. After initial recognition, intangible assets
                 with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
                 impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is provided on straight-
                 line basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortisation commences when the intangible assets are
                 available for use. The following useful lives are applied:


                 Construction licenses                                                                                2 years

                 The assets’ amortisation methods and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each
                 reporting date.


           (f) Financial instruments
                 (i)    Financial assets
                        A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is
                        initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”),
                        transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable
                        without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                        All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that
                        is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or
                        sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period
                        generally established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                        Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirely when determining
                        whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


                        Subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on the Group’s business model for
                        managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group’s financial
                        assets shall be measured at amortised cost when the financial assets are held for collection of
                        contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest
                        are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured
                        using the effective interest rate method. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and loss and
                        impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in
                        profit or loss.




92   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
     (ii)   Impairment loss on financial and contract assets
            The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade receivables,
            contract assets and other financial assets measured at amortised cost. The ECLs are measured
            on either of the following bases: (1) 12 months ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from possible
            default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and (2) lifetime ECLs: these are
            ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
            which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit loss. Credit loss are measured as the
            difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
            the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then
            discounted at an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


            The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets that do not
            contain a significant financing component using HKFRS 9 simplified approach and calculates
            ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
            debtors and the economic environment.


            For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-months ECLs. However, when
            there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based
            on the lifetime ECLs.


            When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since
            initial recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
            information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
            quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
            informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


            The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more
            than 30 days past due.


            The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to
            pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
            realising security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.


            Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost
            (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired
            financial assets, interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
                 (iii) Financial liabilities
                        The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities
                        were incurred. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are initially measured at fair value and financial
                        liabilities at amortised costs are initially measured at fair value, net of directly attributable costs
                        incurred.


                        Financial liabilities at FVTPL
                        Financial liabilities at FVTPL include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities
                        designated upon initial recognition as at FVTPL.


                        Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of sale in
                        the near term. Derivatives, including separate embedded derivatives, are also classified as held
                        for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Subsequent to initial
                        recognition, financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value, with changes in fair value
                        recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


                        Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                        Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade and retention money payables, and accruals
                        and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
                        method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                        Gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
                        through the amortisation process.


                 (iv) Effective interest method
                        The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset
                        or financial liability and of allocating interest income or interest expense over the relevant
                        period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
                        receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or where
                        appropriate, a shorter period.


                 (v)    Equity instruments
                        Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct
                        issue costs.




94   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
     (vi) Derecognition
           The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows
           in relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the
           transfer meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


           Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
           discharged, cancelled or expires.


           Where the Group issues its own equity instruments to a creditor to settle a financial liability in
           whole or in part as a result of renegotiating the terms of that liability, the equity instruments
           issued are the consideration paid and are recognised initially and measured at their fair value
           on the date the financial liability or part thereof is extinguished. If the fair value of the equity
           instruments issued cannot be reliably measured, the equity instruments are measured to reflect
           the fair value of the financial liability extinguished. The difference between the carrying amount
           of the financial liability or part thereof extinguished and the consideration paid is recognised in
           profit or loss for the year.


  (g) Cash and cash equivalents
      Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash at bank and on hand. Cash equivalents are short-term,
      highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to
      an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial
      position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in
      nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.


  (h) Revenue recognition
      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
      to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be
      entitled in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of
      third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any
      trade discounts.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
                 Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods
                 or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is
                 transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


                 •      provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


                 •      creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


                 •      does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                        right to payment for performance completed to date.


                 If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
                 contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
                 Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods
                 or service.


                 When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit
                 of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is
                 measured at the present value of the amounts receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
                 would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at
                 contract inception. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant
                 financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense
                 accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period
                 between the payment and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
                 transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
                 practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


                 Provision of contract services
                 The Group provides construction of superstructure building and RMAA works services to customer.
                 Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or
                 enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced and the payment
                 is generally due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Revenue is recognised from a construction
                 contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of performance obligation at the
                 end of the reporting period, measured using the input method based on the proportion of the actual
                 costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.




96   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
     Contract assets and contract liabilities
     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group
     has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the
     Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment
     of that consideration is due.


     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


     Contract asset is recognised when (i) the Group completes the infrastructure construction works under
     such services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed
     by customers, or (ii) the customers retain retention money to secure the due performance of the
     contracts. Any amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at
     the point at which it is invoiced to the customer. If the considerations (including advances received
     from customers) exceeds the revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group
     recognises a contract liability for the difference.


     For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
     presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not
     presented on a net basis.


     Contract cost
     The Group recognises an asset from the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or
     the costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
     plant and equipment or intangible assets.


     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
     with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental
     costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs relate to revenue which will be
     recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be recovered. Other costs of
     obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
                 Contract cost (Continued)
                 Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to an
                 anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify; generate or enhance resources of the
                 entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future;
                 and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
                 identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
                 costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because
                 the Group entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as
                 inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


                 The asset recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                 consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the cost relate. The
                 asset is subject to impairment review. Impairment loss are recognised to the extent that the carrying
                 amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of consideration that the
                 Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any
                 costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not yet been recognised as
                 expenses.


           (i)   Income taxes
                 Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


                 Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-
                 assessable or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been
                 enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                 Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
                 assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax
                 purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
                 assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
                 which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
                 appropriate to the expected manner in which the carrying amount of the asset or liability is realised or
                 settled and that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
                 subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities, except where the Group is able to control the
                 reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
                 the foreseeable future.




98   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (i)   Income taxes (Continued)
        Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
        comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income
        or when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised
        directly in equity.

  (j)   Foreign currency transactions
        Transactions entered into by the Group in currencies other than the currency of the primary economic
        environment in which it operates (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling when
        the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
        ruling at the end of reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
        in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
        determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
        are not retranslated.

        Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
        items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising
        on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for
        the period except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of
        which gains and loss are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange
        differences are also recognised in other comprehensive income.

  (k) Employee benefits
        (i)    Short-term employee benefits
               Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
               expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period
               in which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised
               in the year when the employees render the related service.

        (ii)   Pension scheme
               The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit
               scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of
               its employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries
               and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with
               the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those
               of the Group in an independently administered fund. There are no forfeited contributions for
               the MPF Scheme as the contributions are fully vested to the employees upon payment to the
               scheme. No forfeited contributions may be used to reduce the existing level of contributions.

        (iii) Termination benefits
               Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
               the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the
               payment of termination benefits.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (l)   Government grant
                  Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply
                  with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


                  Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
                  Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.


                  Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or
                  for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
                  recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other
                  revenue, rather than reducing the related expense.


                  The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government
                  grant, measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on
                  prevailing market interest rates.


            (m) Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)
                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that items of
                  property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible asset and investments in a subsidiary
                  have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may
                  have decreased.


                  If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use) of
                  an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced
                  to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.


                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to
                  the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount
                  does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                  been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income
                  immediately.


                  Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset,
                  discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                  assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.




100   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (n) Provision and contingent liabilities
      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
      constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which it is probable will result in an outflow
      of economic benefits that can be reliably estimated.


      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
      be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
      outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be
      confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as
      contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


  (o) Share-based payments
      Where equity settled share options are awarded to employees, the fair value of the options at the
      date of grant is charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income over the vesting
      period. Non-market vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of equity
      instruments expected to vest at each reporting date so that, ultimately, the cumulative amount
      recognised over the vesting period is based on the number of options that eventually vest. Non-
      vesting conditions and market vesting conditions are factored into the fair value of the options
      granted. As long as all other vesting conditions are satisfied, a charge is made irrespective of whether
      the market vesting conditions are satisfied. The cumulative expense is not adjusted for failure to
      achieve a market vesting condition or where a non-vesting condition is not satisfied.


      Where the terms and conditions of options are modified before they vest, the increase in the fair
      value of the options, measured immediately before and after the modification, is also charged to the
      consolidated statement of comprehensive income over the remaining vesting period.


      Equity-settled share-based transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the
      fair value of the goods or services received, except where fair value cannot be estimated reliably,
      in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments issued, at the date the
      Group obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. The fair value of goods and services
      received is charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, unless the goods or
      services qualify for recognition as assets or directly attributable to qualifying assets.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (p) Related parties
                  (a)    A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


                         (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                         (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                         (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.


                  (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


                         (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                                 subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                         (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                                 venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


                         (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                         (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                 entity.


                         (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the
                                 Group or an entity related to the Group.


                         (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                         (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                                 management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                         (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                                 personnel services to the Group or to the Company’s parent.


                         Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                         influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:


                         (i)     that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;


                         (ii)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and


                         (iii)   dependents of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.




102   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 March 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (q) Asset acquisition
       Groups of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are assessed to determine if they are business or
       asset acquisitions. On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Group chooses to apply a simplified
       assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is an asset rather than business
       acquisition, when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in
       a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. When a group of assets acquired
       and liabilities assumed do not constitute a business, the overall acquisition cost is allocated to the
       individual identifiable assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of acquisition.


5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

  The preparation of the financial statement of the Group requires management to make judgements,
  estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities,
  and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the end of each reporting period. However, uncertainty
  about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the
  carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods.


  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
  each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
  of assets within the next financial year, are described below.


  (a) Expected credit loss on trade for receivables and contract assets
       The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
       ECL rates are based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The provision matrix is initially
       based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.
       The Group will calibrate the ECL rates to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-
       looking information. If forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year
       which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each
       reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking
       estimates are analysed. The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates,
       forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate.


       The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
       The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
       representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
       Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in note 32(a) to the consolidated financial
       statements.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

            (b) Measurement of progress of construction works
                  The Group uses input method to measure the progress toward satisfaction of the performance
                  obligations, and specifically, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the
                  estimated total costs. Actual construction costs incurred include direct and indirect costs in the
                  process of transferring goods or services from the Group to customers. The Group believes that costs
                  incurred is proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Therefore, the
                  proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the total expected costs can reflect the
                  progress toward satisfaction of construction service. Since the duration of construction is relatively
                  long that it may cover more than one accounting period, the Group will review contract, revise budget
                  and adjust revenue accordingly as the contract carries forward.


      6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

            Operating segments
            During the reporting period, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of superstructure building
            and RMAA works service, as a main contractor, in Hong Kong. Information reported to the Group’s chief
            operating decision maker, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, focuses
            on the operating results of the Group as a whole, as the Group’s resources are integrated and no discrete
            operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is
            presented.


            Geographical information
            During the reporting period, the Group’s revenue was derived from Hong Kong, based on the location of
            the customers, and all of its non-current assets were located in Hong Kong, based on the location of assets.
            Therefore, no geographical information is presented.


            Information about major customers
            Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the
            reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                                         HK$‘000            HK$‘000


            Customer A                                                                                    249,115            68,728
            Customer B                                                                                    150,543           105,431
            Customer C                                                                                    128,822              N/A*
            Customer D                                                                                      63,186             N/A*



            *     Revenue from relevant customer was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue for the reporting period.




104   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




7. REVENUE

  An analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers recognised during the reporting period is
  as follows:


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                               HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Hong Kong
  Superstructure building works                                                 589,678                  210,198
  RMAA works                                                                       2,222                      462


                                                                                591,900                  210,660


  Timing of revenue recognition
  Over time                                                                     591,900                  210,660




  The Group’s revenue represents amount received and receivable from construction contract work
  performed and is recognised over time in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 4(h) above
  for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.


  The following table provides information about trade receivables and contract assets from contracts with
  customers:


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                               HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Trade receivables (note 18)                                                     49,170                   10,126
  Contract assets (note 20 (a))                                                 142,108                    84,597




  The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed
  at the reporting date on revenue related to the provisions of superstructure building and RMAA works
  service. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. This
  usually occurs when the Group provides the invoice to the customers.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      7. REVENUE (CONTINUED)

            As at 31 March 2022, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
            performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$490,967,000 (2021:
            approximately HK$748,718,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
            from partially-completed long-term construction contracts. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
            in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur in the next one to two years.


            The Group has applied the practical expedient to its contracts for construction services and therefore the
            above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
            satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for construction production that had an
            original expected duration of one year or less.


      8. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

            An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and losses recognised during the reporting period is as
            follows:


                                                                                                              2022                       2021
                                                                                                         HK$‘000                     HK$‘000


            Bank interest income                                                                                  60                       675
            Government grant (note a)                                                                               –                   3,143
            Rent concessions (note b)                                                                               –                      157
            Sundry income                                                                                       319                           –
            Bad debts                                                                                               –                    (550)
            Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                           (37)                      (22)


                                                                                                                342                     3,403



             Note (a):    Government subsidies obtained was mainly relating to supporting the payroll of the Group’s employees in prior years. The
                          Group had elected to present the government subsidies separately, rather than reducing the related expense. The Group
                          had to commit to spending the assistance on payroll expense, and not reduce employee head count below prescribed
                          levels for a specified period of time.

             Note (b):    The Group has received a rent forgiveness from landlord due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group has elected to apply
                          the practical expedient introduced by the Amendments to HKFRS 16 and all of the rent concessions entered into during
                          the year ended 31 March 2021 satisfied the criteria to apply this practical expedient.




106   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2022




9. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                HK$‘000                   HK$‘000


  Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                36                       30




10. LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT

  Loss before income tax (expense)/credit is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                      2022                    2021
                                                                                HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Material costs (included in cost of services)                                    50,961                   15,269
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                               520                     500
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        399                     531
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 1,235                  1,158
  Amortisation of intangible asset                                                     375                        –


  Employee benefit expenses (including directors’
    remuneration (note 12) )
    – Wages and salaries                                                           36,492                   28,987
    – Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                          1,039                    889
    – Others                                                                           398                       96



                                                                                   37,929                   29,972


  Machinery rental expenses                                                        17,304                    5,345
  Professional fee                                                                    3,595                  3,052
  Short-term lease expenses                                                            824                     480
  Provision/(reversal) of loss allowance
    – trade receivables                                                                930                      (56)
    – contract assets                                                                  115                       18
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                            37                       22




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      11. INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT

            The Group is subject to income tax on profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, being its principal
            place of business. The income tax (expense)/credit in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
            during the reporting period represents:


                                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


            Current income tax – Hong Kong profits tax
               Over provision in prior years                                                       –                   25


                                                                                                   –                   25


            Deferred tax
               (Charge)/credit to profit or loss (note 24)                                     (550)                1,725


            Total income tax (expense)/credit for the year                                     (550)                1,750




            On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
            2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
            March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
            HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million
            will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime
            will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.




108   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 March 2022




11. INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT (CONTINUED)
   The income tax (expense)/credit for the reporting period can be reconciled to the loss before income tax
   (expense)/credit per the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                     2022                      2021
                                                                                  HK$’000                   HK$’000


   Loss before income tax (expense)/credit                                          (18,841)                 (14,064)


   Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 16.5%                                     (3,109)                   (2,320)
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                              3,844                     1,225
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                     (10)                     (630)
   Tax relief enacted by the tax authority                                              (10)                        –
   Income tax at concessionary rate                                                    (165)                        –
   Over provision in prior years                                                          –                       (25)


                                                                                         550                   (1,750)




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
   (a) Directors’ remuneration
        Directors’ remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
        Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

        Year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                         Contributions
                                                                                            to defined
                                                                                          contribution
                                                            Salaries     Discretionary      retirement
                                                 Fees   and benefits          bonuses             plans           Total
                                              HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


        Executive Directors
        Mr. Chan Kam Tong                           –         1,560               618               18            2,196
        Mr. Chan Kam Ming                           –         1,560               618               18            2,196
        Mr. Tang Chi Kin (note (i))                 –             –                 –                –                –

        Independent Non-Executive Directors
        Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent               187              –                  –                –             187
        Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (note (ii))        146              –                  –                –             146
        Mr. Wan Simon                            187              –                  –                –             187
        Mr. Zhang Jue (note (iii))                39              –                  –                –              39


                                                 559          3,120             1,236               36            4,951




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
          (CONTINUED)

            (a) Directors’ remuneration (Continued)

                  Year ended 31 March 2021

                                                                                                   Contributions
                                                                                                       to defined
                                                                        Salaries   Discretionary     contribution
                                                            Fees    and benefits        bonuses retirement plans       Total
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


                  Executive Directors
                  Mr. Chan Kam Tong                             –         1,370            101                18       1,489
                  Mr. Chan Kam Ming                             –         1,370            101                18       1,489

                  Independent Non-Executive
                     Directors
                  Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                  180             –               –                –         180
                  Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                       180             –               –                –         180
                  Mr. Wan Simon                               180             –               –                –         180


                                                              540         2,740            202                36       3,518


                  Notes:

                  (i)      Appointed on 24 January 2022

                  (ii)     Resigned on 14 January 2022

                  (iii)    Appointed on 14 January 2022


            (b) Five highest paid employees
                  The five highest paid employees whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended
                  31 March 2022 included 2 directors (2021: 2) and their emoluments is reflected in note 12(a). The
                  emoluments of the remaining 3 highest paid employees (2021: 3) for the year ended 31 March 2022
                  are as follows:


                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


                  Salaries and benefits                                                             3,423             3,120
                  Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                               36                36


                                                                                                    3,459             3,156




110   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (CONTINUED)

   (b) Five highest paid employees (Continued)
        The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the bands is as
        follows:


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                                  No. of                   No. of
                                                                              employee                 employee


        Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                              –                       –
        HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                     3                       3


                                                                                         3                       3




        During the year ended 31 March 2022, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors or any
        of the five highest paid employees of the Group as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group
        or as compensation for loss of office (2021: HK$ Nil). None of the directors, nor the five highest paid
        employees has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2021: None).


13. DIVIDEND

   During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board of Directors does not declare any dividend to the
   shareholders of the Company (2021: HK$Nil).


   The final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share for the year ended 31 March 2021 was declared and approved by
   the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 18 August 2020,
   which was paid on 18 September 2020.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      14. LOSS PER SHARE

            The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on
            the following data:


                                                                                          Year ended 31 March

                                                                                              2022                   2021


            Loss per share
            Loss for the purposes of basic loss per share (HK$’000)                         19,391                 12,314


            Number of share
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
               purposes of basic loss per share                                       802,560,479            800,000,000




            For the year ended 31 March 2022, the calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable
            to owners of the Company of approximately HK$19,391,000 (2021: approximately HK$12,314,000) and the
            weighted average number of 802,560,479 (2021: 800,000,000) ordinary shares.


            Diluted loss per share are same as the basic loss per share as there is no dilutive potential ordinary shares in
            existence during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.




112   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2022




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                      Furniture and       Leasehold                        Motor
                                        equipment      improvement    Machinery           vehicles            Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


  Cost
  At 1 April 2020                              880            1,122             –               726            2,728
  Additions                                    186                –             –                 –              186
  Write-off                                    (31)               –             –                 –              (31)


  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021           1,035           1,122             –               726            2,883
  Additions                                     152               –         7,330                 –            7,482
  Write-off                                     (70)              –             –                 –              (70)


  At 31 March 2022                           1,117           1,122         7,330               726           10,295


  Accumulated depreciation
  At 1 April 2020                              161              561             –               345            1,067
  Provided for the year                         81              374             –                76              531
  Write-off                                     (9)               –             –                 –               (9)


  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021            233              935             –               421            1,589
  Provided for the year                         90              187            61                61              399
  Write-off                                    (33)               -             -                 -              (33)


  At 31 March 2022                             290           1,122             61              482             1,955


  Net carrying amount

  At 31 March 2022                             827                –        7,269               244             8,340


  At 31 March 2021                             802              187             –               305            1,294




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                   Other properties
                                                                                                 leased for own use
                                                                                                      carried at cost                        Total
                                                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000
                                                                                                                 (Note)


            Cost
            At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                      2,789                      2,789
            Additions                                                                                               265                       265
            Lease modification                                                                                   1,123                      1,123


            At 31 March 2022                                                                                    4,177                      4,177


            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 April 2020                                                                                      1,148                      1,148
            Depreciation charge for the year                                                                     1,158                      1,158


            At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                                    2,306                      2,306
            Depreciation charge for the year                                                                     1,235                      1,235


            At 31 March 2022                                                                                    3,541                      3,541


            Net carrying amounts


            At 31 March 2022                                                                                       636                        636


            At 31 March 2021                                                                                        483                       483


            Note: The Group has held the right-of-use of property as its office premise through tenancy agreement. The lease typically run an initial
                  period of 3 years. The lease does not include any option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of contract term.




114   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              31 March 2022




17. INTANGIBLE ASSET

                                                                                            Construction
                                                                                                   license
                                                                                                 HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                       –
   Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary (note 29)                                           1,500


   At 31 March 2022                                                                                1,500


   Accumulated depreciation
   At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                       –
   Amortisation for the year                                                                          375


   At 31 March 2022                                                                                  375


   Net carrying amounts


   At 31 March 2022                                                                                1,125


   At 31 March 2021                                                                                      –




                                                            Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


            Trade receivables                                                             50,268                10,294
            Less: loss allowance                                                           (1,098)                (168)


                                                                                          49,170                10,126




            Trade receivables were mainly derived from provision of building and civil engineering construction works
            service, and are non-interest bearing. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements
            over these balances.


            The Group grants an average credit period of 30 days to its trade customers of contract works. Application
            for progress payments of contract works is made on a regular basis. Further details of the movement of
            impairment losses and the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in
            note 32(a).


            The following is an analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) by age, presented based on the
            invoice dates:


                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


            Less than one month                                                           49,170                 9,276
            More than one month but less than three months                                      –                    –
            More than three months but less than one year                                       –                    –
            More than one year but less than two years                                          –                  850


                                                                                          49,170                10,126




116   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2022




19. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   2022                     2021
                                                                              HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Non-current
  Deposits                                                                              –                 17,899


  Current
  Deposits                                                                       60,877                   10,346
  Prepayments                                                                     9,003                   16,782
  Other receivables                                                                 936                      516


                                                                                 70,816                   27,644




  Included in the Group’s deposits as at 31 March 2022 were current deposits of HK$56,177,000 (2021:
  non-current deposits of HK$17,899,000 and current deposits of HK$8,942,000), placed with an insurance
  company as security for issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction contracts.


  The balances of other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group’s
  other receivables were neither past due nor impaired as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.


20. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

  (a) Contract assets


                                                                                   2022                     2021
                                                                              HK$’000                   HK$’000


       Contract assets arising from:
       Construction services                                                   142,392                    84,766
       Less: loss allowance                                                         (284)                   (169)


                                                                               142,108                    84,597




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      20. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

            (a) Contract assets (Continued)
                  Construction services
                  The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
                  construction period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of
                  significant contract assets. Additionally, the Group typically agrees one to three years retention period
                  for 5% of the contract sum, which is kept in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the
                  Group’s entitlement to it is conditional on the Group’s work satisfactorily passing inspection.


                  Movements in contract assets:


                                                                                              2022                    2021
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


                  Balance at beginning of the year                                          84,766                  75,398
                  Decrease in contract assets as a result of transferring from
                      contract assets to trade receivables                                 (70,096)                 (61,573)
                  Increase in contract assets as a result of changing in
                      measure of progress                                                  127,722                  70,941


                  Balance at end of the year                                               142,392                  84,766




                  The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 is as
                  follows:


                                                                                             2022                   2021
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


                  Within one year                                                          142,108                  84,597




                  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs.
                  The provision rates for the measurement of the ECLs of the contract assets are with reference to those
                  of the trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer
                  bases. The provision rates of contract assets are with reference to days past due of trade receivables
                  appropriately grouped by similar loss pattern. The calculation reflects the probability weighted
                  outcome, the time value of money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available at
                  the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.
                  Further details of the Group’s credit risk policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out
                  in note 32(a).




118   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




20. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

  (b) Contract liabilities


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


      Contract liabilities arising from:
      Construction services                                                              –                       –




      Construction services
      The contract liabilities mainly related to the advance consideration received from customers.
      Approximately HK$30,000 of the contract liabilities as at 31 March 2020 has been recognised as
      revenue for the year ended 31 March 2021 from performance obligations satisfied due to the changes
      in the estimated stage completion of some contract obligations.


      Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


      Balance at beginning of the year                                                   –                      30
      Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
        revenue during the year that was included in the
        contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                –                     (30)
      Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in
        advance of construction service                                                  –                       –


      Balance at end of the year                                                         –                       –




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      21. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES

                                                                                                           2022                      2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                                             138,820                     38,964
            Retention money payables (note)                                                              31,033                    13,153


                                                                                                       169,853                     52,117



            Note:        Retention monies from sub-contractors of contract works are released by the Group after the completion of maintenance
                         period of the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts.



            An ageing analysis of trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice dates, is as
            follows:


                                                                                                           2022                      2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


            Less than one month                                                                          86,291                    24,662
            More than one month but less than three months                                               51,047                      7,536
            More than three months but less than one year                                                    158                     4,768
            More than one year but less than two years                                                     1,324                     1,998


                                                                                                       138,820                     38,964




120   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2022




22. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                         Other properties
                                                                       leased for own use
                                                                            carried at cost                  Total
                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000


   At 1 April 2020                                                                    1,751                   1,751

   Interest expense                                                                     30                      30
   Rent concessions (note 8(b))                                                       (157)                   (157)
   Lease payments                                                                   (1,102)                 (1,102)


   At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                   522                     522

   Additions                                                                           265                     265
   Lease modification                                                                1,123                   1,123
   Interest expense                                                                     36                      36
   Lease payments                                                                   (1,258)                 (1,258)


   At 31 March 2022                                                                    688                     688



   The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
   the reporting period:


                                                         Minimum
                                                             lease
                                                         payments                 Interest         Present value
                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000


   At 1 April 2022
   Not later than one year                                     663                        9                    654
   Later than one year and not later
     than two years                                              34                        –                     34


                                                               697                        9                    688


   At 1 April 2021
   Not later than one year                                     525                        3                    522
   Later than one year and not later
     than two years                                               –                        –                       –


                                                               525                        3                    522




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      22. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

            The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                          2022                  2021
                                                                                      HK$’000                HK$’000


            Current liabilities                                                            654                   522
            Non-current liabilities                                                         34                     –


                                                                                           688                   522




      23. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITY

            On 25 February 2022, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with
            an independent third party pursuant to which the Group shall acquire 40% equity interest in Chun Yang
            International (HK) Company Limited (“Chun Yang”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited
            liability, at a nominal consideration of approximately HK$25,290,000 to be settled by an allotment and
            issuance of 90,000,000 shares of the Company. The Group will be given the right to appoint one out of
            three directors to the board of directors of Chun Yang. Therefore, upon completion of the Agreement,
            the Group will have significant influence on Chun Yang and the investment will be accounted for as an
            associate.


            The transaction has not yet been completed as at 31 March 2022. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Group
            is obliged to complete the acquisition once the conditions precedent are satisfied. Hence, a derivative
            forward contract within the scope of HKFRS 9 was entered into by the Group to acquire 40% equity interest
            in Chun Yang before the completion of the Agreement. As at 31 March 2022, fair value of the derivative
            forward contract of approximately HK$19,080,000 was recognised as a derivative financial liability. The
            fair value change of the derivative forward contract from the contract inception date to 31 March 2022 of
            approximately HK$19,080,000 was recognised in the consolidated profit or loss during the year.




122   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2022




24. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

   The component of deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and
   the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                        Tax losses
                                                                                                         HK$’000


   At 1 April 2020                                                                                                 –
   Credit to profit or loss                                                                                   1,725


   At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                                          1,725
   Charge to profit or loss                                                                                    (550)


   At 31 March 2022                                                                                           1,175


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that utilisation of the related
   tax losses through the future taxable profits is probable. The tax losses can be utilised for offsetting future
   taxable profits of the Group.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      25. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                         2022        2021
                                                          Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000


            Non-current assets
            Investments in subsidiaries                                60,140      60,140
            Property, plant and equipment                               7,269           –


                                                                       67,409      60,140


            Current assets
            Amount due from subsidiaries                               88,383      81,908
            Prepayments and other receivables                             203         241
            Cash and cash equivalents                                   8,792      17,938


                                                                       97,378     100,087


            Current liabilities
            Accruals                                                    1,143         480
            Amount due to a subsidiary                                  5,582       5,582
            Derivative financial liability                             19,080           -


                                                                       25,805       6,062


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                         71,573      94,025


            NET ASSETS                                                138,982     154,165


            Capital and reserves
            Share capital                                  26           8,275       8,000
            Reserves                                       26         130,707     146,165


            TOTAL EQUITY                                              138,982     154,165




            On behalf of the Board of Directors




                             Chan Kam Tong                        Chan Kam Ming
                                  Director                           Director


124   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      31 March 2022




26. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                                 shares                  Amount
                                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Authorised:
  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
  As at 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021,
        1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022                                                   1,500,000,000                     15,000


  Issued and fully paid:
  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
  As at 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                       800,000,000                       8,000
  Issuance of new shares (note)                                                             27,487,500                         275


  As at 31 March 2022                                                                      827,487,500                       8,275


  Note:

  On 25 February 2022, the Company issued a total of 27,487,500 ordinary shares to an independent third party as the settlement of the
  consideration for purchase of machineries amounting to approximately HK$7,330,000.



  Reserves
  Details of movements of the Group’s reserves are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
  equity on page 83.


  (i)     Share premium
          Share premium is the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the shares of the
          Company issued at a premium, less the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issue of
          the shares.


  (ii)    Capital reserve
          Capital reserve represents the aggregate of the share capital of Head Fame and investment from pre-
          IPO investors.


  (iii) Retained earnings
          Retained earnings represent the cumulative profit or loss recognised.




                                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022      125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      26. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

            Reserves (Continued)
            Details of movements of the Company’s reserves are set out below.


                                                                     Share      Contributed   Accumulated
                                                                  premium           surplus        losses       Total
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


            At 1 April 2020                                         88,035           60,139         (4,419)   143,755

            Dividend paid (note 13)                                      –                –         (8,000)     (8,000)

            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year           –                –        10,410      10,410


            At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                       88,035           60,139         (2,009)   146,165

            Issuance of new shares                                   7,055                –              –      7,055

            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year            –                –        (22,513)    (22,513)


            At 31 March 2022                                        95,090          60,139        (24,522)    130,707




126   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                      31 March 2022




27. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   As at the date of this report, the Company had direct or indirect interests in the subsidiaries as set out
   below.

                                 Place and date of              Percentage of equity
                                 incorporation and form of       attributable to the       Issued and fully paid     Principal activities and
   Name of entity                business structure                   Company              ordinary share capital    principal place of business
                                                                   Direct     Indirect


   Century Success Limited       British Virgin Islands,           100%                –   US$300 divided into 300   Investment holding, Hong Kong
                                   11 January 2017, limited                                 shares of US$1 each
                                   liability company

   Head Fame Company Limited     Hong Kong, 23 August 1985,             –       100%       HK$500,000 divided into   Provision of superstructure
                                   limited liability company                                500,000 shares             building and RMAA works
                                                                                                                       service as a main contractor,
                                                                                                                       Hong Kong

   Acquire Success Limited       British Virgin Islands,           100%                –   US$100 divided into 100   Investment holding, Hong Kong
                                   18 August 2020, limited                                  shares of US$1 each
                                   liability company

   Acquire Success (Hong Kong)   Hong Kong, 28 August 2020,             –       100%       HK$100 divided into 100   Inactive, Hong Kong
    Limited                        limited liability company                                shares

   Builders Company Limited      Hong Kong, 19 November                 –       100%       HK$300,000 divided into   Inactive, Hong Kong
                                   2010, limited liability     (2021: N/A) (2021: N/A)      300,000 shares
                                   company



28. LEASE COMMITMENTS

   Group as lessee
   Future lease payments are recognised as lease liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position
   except for short-term leases and low-value assets, in accordance with the policies set out in note 4(d), and
   the details regarding the Group’s future lease payments are disclosed in note 22.

   The commitments for minimum leases payments in relation to the leases that account for short-term lease
   are shown below.

   The Group leases office premises which run for less than one year and simplified accounting is applied to
   short-term leases. The total future minimum lease payments payable by the Group under non-cancellable
   short-term leases are as follows:


                                                                                                                2022                          2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000                       HK$’000


   Within one year                                                                                                   50                            502




                                                                                               Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022         127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      29. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

            On 3 September 2021, Acquire Success Limited (“ASL”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
            entered into a sale and purchase agreement with two individual vendors, pursuant to which the vendors
            agreed to sell and ASL agreed to purchase all the issued shares of Builders Company Limited (the “Target
            Company”).


            On 30 September 2021, the Group completed the acquisition (the “Acquisition”) of 100% of equity
            interest of the Target Company for a cash consideration of HK$1,500,000. The Target Company is currently
            registered as a registered general building contractor with the Buildings Department, with a qualified
            individual acting as an authorised signatory.


            The Acquisition was accounted for as asset acquisition, rather than as business combination, given that
            substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset
            (i.e. construction license). Accordingly, the Company identified and recognised the individual identifiable
            assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The investment cost shall be allocated to the individual identifiable
            assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. Such a transaction
            does not give rise to goodwill.


            The relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is analysed as
            follows:



                                                                                                                 HK$’000


            Total consideration of the Acquisition                                                                  1,500


            Asset
              Intangible asset                                                                                      1,500


            Total identifiable net asset acquired                                                                   1,500




      30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Key management personnel remuneration represents emoluments paid to the directors of the Company as
            set out in note 12.




128   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2022




31. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

  (a) Significant non-cash transactions
      During the year, the Group had non-cash increase in right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of both
      approximately HK$1,388,000 (2021: HK$Nil), in respect of lease arrangements for properties.


      During the year, addition of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$7,330,000 (2021:
      HK$Nil) were settled by issuing 27,487,500 new shares of the Company.


  (b) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                 Lease               Dividend
                                                                             liabilities              payable
                                                                              HK$’000                  HK$’000
                                                                             (Note 22)


      At 1 April 2020                                                             1,751                        –


      Interest paid                                                                  (30)                      –
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                            (1,072)                       –
      Dividend paid                                                                    –                 (8,000)


      Total changes from financing cash flows                                    (1,102)                 (8,000)


      Other changes:
      Interest expenses on leases                                                    30                        –
      Rent concessions (note 8(b))                                                 (157)                       –
      Dividend declared                                                                –                  8,000


      At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                             522                        –


      Interest paid                                                                  (36)                      –
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                            (1,222)                       –


      Total changes from financing cash flows                                    (1,258)                       –


      Other changes:
      Increase in lease liabilities from renewal of an existing
        lease contract and entering into a lease agreement                        1,388                        –
      Interest expenses on leases                                                    36                        –


      At 31 March 2022                                                              688                        –



                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

            The Group’s principal financial assets are trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and cash and
            cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations. Principal financial liabilities of the Group include
            trade and retention money payables, accruals and other payables and lease liabilities. The main purpose of
            these financial liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations.


            The Group has not issued and does not hold any financial instruments for trading purposes at the end of
            each of the reporting period. The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk,
            liquidity risk and interest rate risk.


            The Group’s financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate resources are available to
            manage the above risks and to create value for its shareholders.


            (a) Credit risk
                  Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its
                  obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The
                  Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from granting credit to customers in the ordinary course
                  of its business.


                  The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identifies either
                  individually or by group, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Group’s
                  policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties.


                  The Group was exposed to the concentration on of credit risk as at 31 March 2022 on trade
                  receivables and contract assets. As at 31 March 2022, approximately 41% (2021: approximately 39%)
                  and approximately 93% (2021: approximately 93%) of the total trade receivables and contract assets
                  was due from the largest and top five largest debtors respectively. Further quantitative data in respect
                  of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed
                  in notes 18 and 20(a) respectively.




130   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
      The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


                                                                                   Trade
                                                                            receivables
      Internal                                                            and contract                     Other
      credit rating          Description                                           assets       financial assets


      Low risk               The counterparty has a low risk of          Lifetime ECL –         12-month ECL –
                               default and does not have any                  not credit-             not credit-
                               past-due amounts                                 impaired                impaired


      Doubtful               There have been significant                 Lifetime ECL –          Lifetime ECL –
                               increases in credit risk since initial         not credit-             not credit-
                               recognition through information                  impaired                impaired
                               developed internally or external
                               resources


      Loss                   There is evidence indicating the            Lifetime ECL –          Lifetime ECL –
                               asset is credit-impaired                 credit-impaired         credit-impaired


      Write-off              There is evidence indicating that                Amount is               Amount is
                               the debtor is in severe financial              written off             written off
                               difficulty and the Group has no
                               realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                  ECL assessment:


                                                                                                  Gross carrying amount
                                              Internal credit rating   12-month or lifetime ECL       2022          2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000


                  Financial assets at
                      amortised cost


                  Trade receivables           Low risk                 Lifetime ECL –               49,268          9,294
                      (Note 18)                                          not credit-impaired
                                              Loss                     Lifetime ECL –                1,000          1,000
                                                                         credit-impaired


                                                                                                    50,268         10,294


                  Deposits and other          Low risk                 12-month ECL –               61,813         28,761
                      receivables (Note 19)                              not credit-impaired


                  Contract assets             Low risk                 Lifetime ECL –              142,392         84,766
                      (Note 20(a))                                       not credit-impaired


                  Cash and cash               Low risk                 12-month ECL –               87,200         88,960
                      equivalents                                        not credit-impaired




132   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
     Trade receivables and contract assets
      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal
      to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix through grouping of various debtors
      that have similar loss patterns, after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, ageing,
      repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are
      based on historical observed default rates over the past five years and are adjusted for reasonable
      and supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue costs or effort. In
      addition, management measures ECL individually for trade receivables and contract assets that are
      credit-impaired. In this regard, the Directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
      significantly reduced.


      During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group provided impairment allowance for contract assets
      and trade receivables of approximately HK$115,000 and approximately HK$930,000, respectively
      (2021: impairment allowance for contract assets of approximately HK$18,000 and reversal of loss
      allowance for trade receivables of approximately HK$56,000, respectively).


      The Group writes off a trade receivable and contract assets when there is information indicating that
      the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when
      the debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. During
      the year ended 31 March 2021, a write-off of trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of
      approximately HK$2,625,000 resulted in a decrease in loss allowance of approximately HK$2,625,000.


     Other receivables and deposits
      The management of the Group regularly reviews and assesses the credit quality of the counterparties.
      The Group uses 12-month ECL to assess the loss allowance of other receivables and deposits since
      these receivables are not past due and there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
      initial recognition. In this regard, the Directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
      not significant.


     Cash and cash equivalents
      The credit risks on cash and cash equivalents are limited because the counterparties are financial
      institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for financial assets
                  measured at amortised cost and contract assets.


                                                                    Trade receivables                         Contract assets
                                                                       (Lifetime ECL–    Trade receivables    (Lifetime ECL –
                                                                           not credit      (Lifetime ECL–          not credit
                                                                           impaired)      credit impaired)         impaired)
                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000


                  At 1 April 2020                                                224                 2,625               151
                  Amount written off during the year                                –               (2,625)                –
                  Impairment losses (reversal)/recognised                        (206)                150                 18


                  As at 31 March 2021                                             18                  150                169
                  Impairment losses recognised                                    80                  850                115


                  As at 31 March 2022                                             98                 1,000               284


                  Average loss rate
                  At 31 March 2022                                             0.20%                 100%              0.20%


                  At 31 March 2021                                             0.19%                  15%              0.19%




                  The expected loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                  life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                  cost or effort. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade
                  receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the loss rates for
                  trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.




134   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (b) Liquidity risk
      Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with
      its financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and
      retention money payables, accruals and other payables and lease liabilities, and also in respect of its
      cash flow management.


      The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
      it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
      financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. In the opinion
      of the directors of the Company, the Group was able to comply with all covenants of the banking
      facilities as at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.


      The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group throughout the reporting period and are
      considered to have been effective in managing liquidity risks.


      The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
      liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
      based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both
      interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted
      amount is derived from interest rates at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                        Total
                                                                 contractual            Within          Between
                                                   Carrying    undiscounted        one year or           one and
                                                    amount         cash flow       on demand           two years
                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


      At 31 March 2022
      Trade and retention money payables            169,853         169,853            169,853                   –
      Accruals and other payables                    15,053          15,053             15,053                   –
      Lease liabilities                                 688              697               663                 34


                                                    185,594         185,603            185,569                 34




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      32. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                          contractual            Within
                                                                         Carrying      undiscounted         one year or
                                                                          amount              cash flow     on demand
                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000          HK$’000


                  At 31 March 2021
                  Trade and retention money payables                        52,117               52,117           52,117
                  Accruals and other payables                               13,557               13,557           13,557
                  Lease liabilities                                            522                 525               525


                                                                            66,196               66,199           66,199




            (c) Interest rate risk
                  The Group has significant bank deposits with floating interest rate which are exposed to cash flow
                  interest rate risk. During the year, the Group has not hedged its cash flow and fair value interest rate
                  risks. The Directors consider the Group’s exposure to cash flow interest rate risk on the bank deposits
                  is insignificant as most deposits bear variable interest rates which have not significantly fluctuated in
                  recent years.


                  Sensitivity analysis on bank deposits is not presented as the Director consider that the Group’s
                  exposure to interest rate fluctuations on bank deposits is insignificant.




136   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2022




33. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

  The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
  concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an
  optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth. The
  Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future
  capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns.


  The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debts divided by total equity. Total debts
  represent the total balance of lease liabilities as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.
  The Group aims to maintain the gearing ratio at a reasonable level.


                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


  Lease liabilities                                                                  688                      522
  Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                (87,200)                 (88,960)


  Net cash                                                                       (86,512)                 (88,438)


  Total equity                                                                  155,896                  167,957


  Net debt to equity ratio                                                           N/A                     N/A




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      34. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value
            measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels, based on the inputs to valuation
            techniques used to measure fair value:


            Level 1 inputs: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
            can access at the measurement date.


            Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
            liability, either directly or indirectly.


            Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


            The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of
            the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


            The directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial instruments measured at amortised cost at 31
            March 2022 and 2021 were approximate to their fair values on the grounds that either their maturity periods
            are short or their effective interest rates were approximate to the relevant discount rates.


            The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments measured at fair value. The classification is
            based on the degree to which the key inputs used in the fair value measurements are observable and the
            significance of adjustments to the key inputs used in the fair value measurements.


                                                                                              2022                   2021
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


            Level 3
            Derivative financial liability – forward contract                               19,080                      –




138   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   31 March 2022




34. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

  Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance of financial instruments classified as level 3 fair value
  hierarchy is provided as follows:


                                                                                                                     HK$’000


  Derivative financial liability – forward contract
  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021                                                                            –
  Change in fair value                                                                                                 19,080


  At 31 March 2022                                                                                                     19,080


  Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques
  and inputs used in fair value measurements:
  The Group’s chief financial officer is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
  required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair value measurements. The chief financial
  officer reports directly to the Board of Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
  processes and results are held between the chief financial officer and the Board of Directors at least twice a
  year.


  For level 3 fair value measurements, the Group will normally engage external valuation experts with the
  recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.


                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                           As at
                                                Significant                   Sensitivity to changes in               31 March
  Description             Valuation technique   unobservable inputs           significant unobservable inputs              2022
                                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Derivative financial    Income approach       Revenue growth rates and      The estimated fair value of the            19,080
    liability – forward                           discount rate in deriving     financial liability would
    contract                                      the fair value of Chun        increase if:
                                                  Yang
                                                                                 – the revenue growth rates were
                                                                                   lower; or

                                                                                 – the discount rate were higher




                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022    139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2022




      35. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY
          CATEGORY

            The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities as at the end of
            the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                            2022                  2021
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


            Financial assets measured at amortised cost
            Trade receivables                                                             49,170                10,126
            Deposits and other receivables                                                61,813                28,761
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                     87,200                88,960


                                                                                         198,183               127,847


            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
            Trade and retention money payables                                           169,853                52,117
            Accruals and other payables                                                   15,053                13,557
            Lease liabilities                                                                688                   522


                                                                                         185,594                66,196


            Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL
            Derivative financial liability                                                19,080                     –




      36. LITIGATION

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group was a defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential
            claims relating to employee’s compensation cases and personal injury claims. In the opinion of the
            directors, the possibility of any outflow of resources in settling these claims is remote and accordingly no
            provision for liabilities in respect of these litigations is necessary.




140   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2022




37. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

  (a)     On 29 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 40% equity interest in Chun Yang
          as described in note 23, from an independent third party, for a consideration to be settled by an
          allotment and issuance of 90,000,000 new shares of the Company to the independent third party,
          which amounted to approximately HK$42,750,000 based on the Company’s closing share price on 29
          April 2022. The investment in Chun Yang will be accounted for as an associate of the Group after the
          acquisition. Further details of the acquisition are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 25
          February 2022, 3 March 2022 and 29 April 2022.


  (b)     On 29 April 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 95% of equity interest in Cornerstone
          Energy Limited (“Cornerstone Energy”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited
          liability and engaged in project management of energy solution, from an independent third party,
          for a consideration settled by the allotment and issue of 42,000,000 new shares of the Company
          to the independent third party, which amounted to approximately HK$19,950,000 based on the
          Company’s closing share price on 29 April 2022. The principal reason for this acquisition was to
          diversify the Group’s existing business. Cornerstone Energy became a non-wholly owned subsidiary
          of the Company after the acquisition. Further details of the acquisition are set out in the Company’s
          announcements dated 25 February 2022 and 29 April 2022.


          Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$50,000 are expensed and are included in administrative
          and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2022.


          As the business valuation of the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and
          liabilities assumed of Cornerstone Energy have not been finalised at the date of approval of these
          financial statements, such information and details of any goodwill arising from this acquisition could
          not been disclosed in these financial statements.


  (c)     Subsequent to 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Employment and Retirement
          Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Bill 2022 (“MPF Offset Bill”) was passed
          by the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in June 2022. The MPF Offset Bill abolishes the use of
          the accrued benefits of employers’ mandatory contributions under the Mandatory Provident Fund
          System to offset severance payment and long service payment (the “Offsetting Arrangement”). The
          abolition of the Offsetting Arrangement is expected to be implemented in 2025. The directors of
          the Company are currently assessing the implications of MPF Offset Bill on the Group’s consolidated
          financial statements.


38. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

  The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the directors on 24 June
  2022.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022   141
      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
      as extracted from the published annual report and audited financial statements, is set out below:


      RESULTS

                                                                                   Year ended 31 March
                                                          2022                2021               2020            2019        2018
                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                         591,900              210,660            283,148         425,773     448,556


      (Loss)/profit before income
        tax (expense)/credit                           (18,841)            (14,064)                  (935)     22,383      29,099
      Income tax (expense)/credit                         (550)              1,750              (1,116)        (5,559)     (5,775)


      (Loss)/profit for the year                       (19,391)            (12,314)             (2,051)        16,824      23,324


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                          (19,391)            (12,314)             (2,051)        16,824      23,324


                                                       (19,391)            (12,314)             (2,051)        16,824      23,324



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TOTAL EQUITY

                                                                                       At 31 March
                                                         2022                2021                2020           2019        2018
                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                   360,570              234,153            284,952         298,567     187,080
      Total liabilities                             (204,674)             (66,196)            (96,681)       (108,245)   (103,617)


      NET ASSETS                                     155,896              167,957            188,271         190,322      83,463


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                        155,896              167,957            188,271         190,322      83,463
      TOTAL EQUITY                                   155,896              167,957            188,271         190,322      83,463


      Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




142   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2022
