                                                  Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited 晉 景 新 能 控 股 有 限 公 司   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited 晉 景 新 能 控 股 有 限 公 司
Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited                                                                                                                                   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
         晉景新能控股有限公司                                                                                                                                                                 晉景新能控股有限公司
                 （於 開 曼 群 島 註 冊 成 立 的 有 限 公 司 ）                                                                                                                              (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                              (股份代號：1783)                                                                                                                                                                        (Stock Code: 1783)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
                                        年報                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report




                                                  Annual Report 2024 年報
                                                                   CONTENTS


CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                    2

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                                     4

CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                     5

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                       7

BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                      12

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                 17

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                             35

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                             50

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                            86

AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME             93

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                        94

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                         96

    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                97

    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                      99

FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                           194




                                                                         Annual Report 2024   01
     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

     Executive Directors                           Mr. Kwok Chun Sing
                                                   Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin
                                                   HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
     Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Chief Operating Officer) 2   AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                   BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                   Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F.
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
                                                   China Resources Building
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah
                                                   26 Harbour Road
     Prof. Sit Wing Hang1
                                                   Wanchai
     Mr. Yu Chung Leung2
                                                   Hong Kong
     Mr. Wan Simon3
     Mr. Zhang Jue4
                                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                               71 Fort Street
                                                   P.O. Box 500
     Mr. Yu Chung Leung (Chairman) 2
                                                   George Town,
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
                                                   Grand Cayman KY1-1106
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah
                                                   Cayman Islands
     Prof. Sit Wing Hang1
     Mr. Wan Simon3
                                                   PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Mr. Zhang Jue (Chairman)4

                                                   The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                             Limited
                                                   Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited
     Prof. Sit Wing Hang (Chairman) 1
                                                   Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao
                                                   Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited
     Ms. Kwok Ho Yee2
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah2
                                                   AUDITOR
     Mr. Yu Chung Leung2
     Mr. Wan Simon (Chairman) 3
                                                   Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
     Mr. Zhang Jue4
                                                   Certified Public Accountants
                                                   Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                   Notes:

     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)                 1:       Appointed on 20 October 2023
                                                   2:       Appointed on 12 December 2023
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                    3:       Resigned on 20 October 2023
     Prof. Sit Wing Hang1                          4:       Resigned on 12 December 2023

     Mr. Wan Simon3


     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson
02   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE
CAYMAN ISLANDS

Appleby Global Services (Cayman) Limited
71 Fort Street
P.O. Box 500
George Town
Grand Cayman, KY1-1106
Cayman Islands


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


COMPANY’S WEBSITE

https://www.evsgreenwise.com/
(the content of which do not form part of this report)


STOCK CODE

1783




                                                                        Annual Report 2024   03
     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                        2024           2023
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


     Revenue                                        452,192         401,352
     Loss before tax                                 (78,915)       (38,838)
     Loss attributable to owners of the Company      (78,875)       (38,065)
     Loss per share
       – basic and diluted (HK cent)              (6.61 cents)   (4.01 cents)




04   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


OVERVIEW

The Group is committed to developing its green infrastructure business both domestically and internationally,
providing integrated one-stop smart energy management solutions to customers around the world. Apart from
acting as the main contractor for superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition works,
the Group also applies diversified green smart solutions throughout the entire lifecycle of buildings.


Driven by technological innovation, research and development, the Group aims to provide comprehensive
application solutions and service for green infrastructure and intelligent energy management in buildings for our
customers. At the same time, the Group is committed to building a global network of power battery services and
processing facilities, continuously empowering our core businesses and products, and establishing a global
power battery recycling ecosystem to provide continuous momentum for a sustainable future. After nearly four
decades of professional development and resource integration, the Group currently holds a wide range of
licenses in construction, electricity, power battery disposal, as well as ISO environmental protection, quality
management, and safety. Additionally, the Group has a professional management and technical team.


GOING FORWARD

The global trend towards a low-carbon economy is accelerating the transformation of production, consumption,
and lifestyles towards a green and low-carbon direction, indicating enormous development opportunities. The
largest source of carbon emissions currently in Hong Kong is electricity generation, accounting for about
two-thirds, of which electricity supply to buildings accounts for 90%. The second largest source of carbon
emissions is vehicles, accounting for about 19% of the overall carbon emissions. The future development of local
green buildings and new energy vehicles is unstoppable. The Group has taken advantage of the trend, upgrading
from traditional construction to green infrastructure. We continuously explore potential business development
and cooperation opportunities, enhance our core competitiveness, and improve customer satisfaction to ensure
the Group’s sustained growth and profitability, striving to create greater returns for the shareholders of the
Company (the “Shareholders”).


For the development of green infrastructure projects, the Group leverages its extensive resources and expertise
accumulated over the past nearly 40 years to integrate digital energy solutions into energy-saving construction
and management of buildings. This includes focusing on the development of new commercial and industrial
Battery Energy Storage Systems (“BESS”) and providing comprehensive prefabricated building and interior
solutions. By utilising safe, efficient, and energy-saving smart energy systems and digital platforms, the Group
actively promotes the popularisation and development of green buildings in Hong Kong and around the globe.
During the construction process, the Group developed and applied a new type of BESS, possessing integrated
and comprehensive technical capabilities from solution design, system integration to operation and maintenance
services. The BESS has already been applied to several local project sites, and the Group will further expand its
energy storage system solutions to diverse situations such as industrial and commercial sectors, households,
microgrids, and electric vehicle charging stations. In addition, the Group has commenced in-depth cooperation
with Zhuhai Ruizhu Construction Technology Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Midea Real Estate, in the field
of new industrialisation to provide green prefabricated construction and smart living full-chain solutions for global
customers.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   05
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     In promoting green transport, the Group has been actively cooperating with the Hong Kong Government in
     taking forward the Hong Kong Roadmap on Popularisation of Electric Vehicles to accelerate the electrification of
     local transport. The Group provides professional one-stop services for EV charging in local public facilities and
     private building car parks, including EV charging infrastructure and installation, and proactively participates in the
     Hong Kong Government’s EV-charging at Home Subsidy Scheme (“EHSS”). Additionally, the Group also offers
     smart and energy-saving solutions that integrate energy storage systems during the construction of charging
     stations. The Board believes that with the increasing number of electric vehicles in Hong Kong, the demand for
     charging is posing a challenge to the city’s overall electricity supply. When it comes to charging applications in
     the future, EV charging systems will be combined with energy storage systems to form storage charging or solar
     storage charging applications, and as power companies roll out their staggered-peak tariff policies, the
     advantages of storage charging technology will become even more apparent.

     Currently, in the Group’s sustainable development model, the disposal and recycling of power batteries are the
     key components in making the entire business model cyclical, and are essential conditions for the continued
     empowerment of the Group’s core business. During the year, the Group was awarded the lease of Lots T2 and T3
     in the EcoPark, with a total area of nearly 100,000 square feet, by the Hong Kong Government. These lots will be
     used to build Hong Kong’s first EV battery processing plant, contributing to the local battery recycling industry
     and the recycling economy development in the Greater Bay Area. The processing plant will be developed into a
     new industrialised production base, utilising automated production lines and integrating artificial intelligence
     technology to achieve lithiumion battery resource recycling. It is expected to become a benchmark facility in
     Hong Kong’s environmental industry, providing an environment for the development of electrification technology
     and driving further advancement in Hong Kong’s environmental industry through green technology. In terms of
     overseas, we leverage our existing licenses and channel strengths, partnering with key collaborator Gotion
     High-Tech to jointly expand the global power battery recycling and recycling network, and proactively exploring
     new green development opportunities and business growth points.

     In the next 15 to 20 years, the Government will invest approximately USD30 billion in green
     transformation-related initiatives. It is believed that the Government’s investment will stimulate private market
     investment and increase market awareness of the benefits brought by green initiatives. The Board believes that
     the Group’s outstanding industry deployment capabilities and comprehensive strength in building a value chain
     for power battery recycling are evident in the smart energy sector in Hong Kong and globally, especially with the
     accelerated expansion of the global power battery recycling industry chain. Moving forward, the Group will
     continue to support the Government’s development strategies in the two major areas of energy-saving green
     buildings and green transport, creating more value for our Shareholders and our community. At the same time,
     the Group will continue to explore new sustainable business models and growth points globally, and is confident
     that it will break new ground amidst the changes and achieve a leading position and high-quality leapfrog
     development through breakthroughs.

     APPRECIATION
     On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to all the stakeholders, including but not limited to
     customers, suppliers, banks, business partners and Shareholders of the Group for their continuous support, as
     well as the management team and the employees of the Group for their invaluable services and contributions.




     Kwok Chun Sing
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 26 June 2024

06   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong
Kong. It also engages in the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service.

Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above the
ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consist of development
projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance, alteration and
addition works for an existing structure. Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
refers to the trading of industrial materials and the recycling of materials including but not limited to retired EV
batteries, and using self-developed technologies to re-engineer the batteries to battery energy storage system to
provide electricity for the equipment in construction sites.

The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to approximately HK$452.2 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$50.8 million, or 12.7% compared to approximately HK$401.4 million
for the year ended 31 March 2023. The increase in total revenue was mainly attributable to the increase from
reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service of approximately HK$200.5 million, which
was offset by the decrease from superstructure building and RMAA works of approximately HK$149.7 million.

Superstructure building and RMAA works service
During the year ended 31 March 2024, there were 6 (2023: 5) superstructure building works projects and 3 (2023:
3) RMAA projects contributing revenue of approximately HK$223.5 million (2023: approximately HK$373.2 million)
to this business segment.

During the year ended 31 March 2024, the decrease in the revenue was mainly due to the existing projects were
at their completion stage while other subsequent project is still in progress. In addition, the increase in
construction costs due to the unexpected change in the scope of construction on the existing superstructure
building projects.

Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service
During the year ended 31 March 2024, revenue of approximately HK$228.7 million (2023: approximately HK$28.2
million) was generated from this business segment. The decrease in costs for this business segment as a result of
adopting better cost control measures.

Looking ahead, the Group is optimistic to our future development, especially in the reverse supply chain
management and environmental related service, which the Group commenced this new business during the
financial year ended 31 March 2023 . As in its second financial year, the Group has recorded a significant increase
in revenue during the financial year ended 31 March 2024. As disclosed in previous announcements related to our
business updates, including but not limited to the proposed cooperation with European collaborators and future
operations at Ecopark, the Group would grab these opportunities and believes its performance could be even
better. Although the Group incurred a loss during the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the Group is in the
view that this was a necessary investment to the overall developments. In the long run, the Group believes
reverse supply chain management and environmental related services, where green business and environmental
protection are undoubtedly a worldwide trend, would be an essential segment to the Group. In addition to the
existing superstructure building and RMAA works service, together both segments could bring remarkable
performance to the Group in the coming future.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   07
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to approximately HK$452.2 million,
     representing an increase of approximately HK$50.8 million, or 12.7% as compared to approximately HK$401.4
     million for the year ended 31 March 2023. The increase in total revenue was mainly attributable to (i) increase in
     reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service of approximately HK$200.5 million and (ii)
     decrease in revenue from superstructure building and RMAA works of approximately HK$149.7 million. The
     decrease in revenue from superstructure building and RMAA works segment by the Group for the year ended 31
     March 2024 was substantially due to the revenue recognised from four sizeable projects for superstructure
     building works awarded since 2020, of which the construction works were at the completion stage. In addition,
     this was caused by the unexpected change in the scope of construction on the existing superstructure building
     projects.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to approximately HK$28.0 million,
     representing an increase of approximately HK$6.6 million, or approximately 30.8% as compared to approximately
     HK$21.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2023. The overall gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March
     2024 increased to approximately 6.2% as compared to approximately 5.3% for the year ended 31 March 2023. The
     increase in gross profit and was attributable to the increase in the revenue of the Group as discussed above. The
     increase in gross profit margin was mainly due to gross profit generated from the reverse supply chain
     management and environmental-related service segment with a profitable margin and the decrease in costs
     through the adoption of better cost control measures, resulting an overall increase in gross profit margin.


     Other Income, Gains and Losses
     The other income, gains and losses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to a gain of
     approximately HK$5.4 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$8.1 million or 300% compared to a
     loss of approximately HK$2.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2023, which was mainly attributable to (i) the
     government subsidies obtained related to the Research and Development Cash Rebate Scheme; (ii) the interest
     income from fixed deposit with licensed bank in Hong Kong; and (iii) the outsourcing income generated. The
     details of other income, gains and losses were disclosed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in this
     annual report.


     Operating Expenses
     Total operating expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to approximately HK$110.0
     million, representing an increase of approximately HK$54.0 million or 96.4% as compared to approximately
     HK$56.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2023. The significant increase was mainly attributed to the increase
     in (i) selling and distribution expenses incurred from the trading of industrial materials business in reverse supply
     chain and environmental-related services segment, (ii) the increase in administrative and other expenses of
     approximately HK$12.2 million, primarily due to increase in depreciation on right-of-use assets, legal and other
     professional fees, and advertising and promotion; and (iii) the equity-settled share-based payment expenses of
     approximately HK$20.7 million incurred in relation to the grant of share awards by the Company under the share
     award scheme adopted by the Company on 28 September 2023.




08   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Loss Attributable to Owners of the Company
The Group reported loss attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2024 increased by
approximately HK$40.8 million to approximately HK$78.9 million, as compared to that of approximately HK$38.1
million for the year ended 31 March 2023. The main reasons for the increase in net loss were primarily attributable
to the combined effect of the reason as stated in the section “FINANCIAL REVIEW” above.


Non-HKFRS measures
To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with the Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Company
also assesses the operating performance based on a measure of adjusted earnings before interest, tax,
depreciation and amortisation (the “EBITDA”) as additional financial measures . By means of these financial
measures. the management of the Group is able to evaluate the Group’s financial performance regardless of the
items that are not indicative of performance.


Adjusted EBITDA
During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group incurred some one-off expenses, which are not indicative of the
operating performance of its business. Therefore, the Group arrives at an Adjusted EBITDA by eliminating the
effects of certain non-cash or non-recurring items of the Group, which include (i) equity-settled share-based
payment expenses; (ii) depreciation of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets; (iii) amortisation of intangible
assets; (iv) provision for impairment loss in respect of receivables; and (iv) finance costs.


                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000


Loss before tax                                                                             (78,915)             (38,838)
Adjustments:
  Equity-settled share-based expenses                                                           20,665                   –
  Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                            5,490              5,992
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                            8,341              6,143
  Amortization of intangible assets                                                              2,055              1,870
  (Gain)/loss on disposal of plant and equipment                                                   (50)             5,577
  Provision of impairment loss in respect of trade receivables                                   1,567              1,294
  Provision of impairment loss in respect of contract assets                                       44                  33
  Provision of impairment loss in respect of other receivables                                       –                680
  Share of (gain)/loss of associates                                                              (102)             1,716
  Fair value gain on derivative financial liability                                                  –             (4,050)
  Covid-19 related rent concessions                                                                  –               (138)
  Finance costs                                                                                   757               1,901
  Exchange loss, net                                                                               92                  66


Adjusted EBITDA                                                                             (40,056)             (17,754)




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   09
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     As shown above, the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA increased from approximately HK$17.8 million for the year ended
     31 March 2023 to approximately HK$40.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2024.


     Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
     As at 31 March 2024, the Group had cash and cash equivalents, and pledged bank deposits amounting to
     approximately HK$67.6 million (2023: approximately HK$87.9 million).


     Current ratio (total current assets: total current liabilities) decreased from approximately 1.3 as at 31 March 2023
     to approximately 1.1 as at 31 March 2024, mainly due to increase in trade and retention money payable and
     contract liabilities. Gearing ratio was 3.9% as at 31 March 2024 (2023: 25.8%).


     The capital structure of the Group consisted of equity of approximately HK$234.0 million (31 March 2023:
     approximately HK$188.4 million) and debts of approximately HK$9.1 million as at 31 March 2024 (31 March 2023:
     approximately HK$48.7 million).


     Treasury Policy
     The Group adopts a prudent approach in cash management. Apart from certain debts including bank borrowing
     and lease liabilities, the Group did not have any material outstanding debts as at 31 March 2024. Surplus cash is
     generally placed in short term deposits with licensed bank in Hong Kong.


     Foreign Exchange Exposure
     The Group only operates in Hong Kong and mainly earns revenue and incurs costs in Hong Kong dollars and US
     dollars. Foreign exchange exposure of the Group is minimal so long as the Hong Kong SAR Government’s policy
     to link the Hong Kong dollars to the US dollars remains in effect. The Board is of the view that the Group’s
     foreign exchange rate risks are insignificant during the year ended 31 March 2024.


     Capital Expenditures
     Total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2024 was approximately HK$6.4 million (2023:
     approximately HK$9.6 million) on acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Capital expenditure was funded
     by internal resources.


     Contingent Liabilities and Claims
     Save as disclosed in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, the Group had no
     other contingent liabilities and claims as at 31 March 2024.


     Capital Commitments
     As at 31 March 2024, there were no significant capital commitments for the Group (2023: Nil).




10   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Significant Investments Held, Acquisition and Disposal
Except for investment in its subsidiaries, the Group did not hold any significant investments during the year
ended 31 March 2024.


Save as disclosed in Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report, there were no
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group during the year ended 31
March 2024.


Charges on Assets
As at 31 March 2024, the Group had bank facilities which pledged by the bank deposits as a security for issuance
of a non-interest bearing surety bond for construction contract of the Group.


Segment Information
Segmental information is presented for the Group as disclosed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements
in this annual report.


Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 March 2024, the Group employed a total of 45 employees (including executive Directors) compared to a
total of 51 employees as at 31 March 2023. The total salaries and related costs (including Directors’ remuneration)
for the year ended 31 March 2024 were approximately HK$45.6 million (2023: approximately HK$45.4 million). The
remuneration package of the Group offered to our employees includes salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies.
In general, the Group would determine each employee’s salaries based on their qualifications, position and
seniorities. The Group has devised an annual review system to assess the performance of our employees, which
forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises, distribution of bonuses and promotions.


The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Board and recommended by the remuneration committee
of the Company, having considered the factors such as the Group’s financial performance and the individual
performance of the Directors, etc.


The Company has adopted a share option scheme (which was terminated on 28 September 2023) and share
award scheme (which was adopted on 28 September 2023) as an incentives and rewards to Directors and eligible
employees for their contribution to the Group.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   11
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing（郭晋昇）, MH（Medal of Honour), (“Mr. Kwok”), aged 50, is the chairman of the Board
     and an executive Director. He was appointed as vice-chairman of the Board and executive Director on 12 August
     2022. He was redesignated as the chairman of the Board on 11 January 2023. He is also the chairman of
     nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). He has been awarded EMBA degree in
     Macau University of Science and Technology and has over 25 years of experience in the environmental
     technology and new energy industries. He founded the Hong Kong Recycling Chamber of Commerce in 2015 and
     has been serving as its chairman. Since 2021, he has been a director of CR Environmental Protection Technology
     Research (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*（華潤環保應用技術研究（深圳）有限公司）.


     In addition, Mr. Kwok currently also participates in community associations such as the co-founder of the Hong
     Kong Coalition, a member of the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce and a member of the Chinese
     People’s Political Consultative Conference of Qingyuan City, Guangdong Province. He was also a member of the
     6th Election Committee for Chief Executive of Hong Kong.


     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao（詹志豪）(“Mr. Zhan”), aged 34, was appointed as an executive Director on 23 December
     2022 and chief executive officer on 11 January 2023. He is also the member of the remuneration committee of the
     Company (the “Remuneration Committee”). He graduated from Chongqing University with a Bachelor of
     Economics in 2012 and obtained a Master of Science in Applied Economics from the City University of Hong
     Kong in 2013. Mr. Zhan is a member of the CFA Institute.


     Mr. Zhan has nearly 10 years of experience in operations and ESG investment research in the green technology
     industry. From 2013 to 2019, Mr. Zhan held corporate positions in a subsidiary of Chiho Environmental Group
     Limited (stock code: 976), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with his last position as the
     assistant general manager. He joined Chun Yang International (HK) Company Limited (“Chun Yang”) in 2019 as
     the vice president. During the period from May 2020 to September 2022, Mr. Zhan founded Dr. Green
     Technology Ltd., which is engaged in development and operation of carbon tracking systems and green
     environmental protection facilities. He subsequently rejoined Chun Yang as the deputy chief executive officer in
     September 2022. Chun Yang was indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Kwok until the Company acquired 40% and 60%
     of the equity interests in Chun Yang in April and August 2022, respectively.




12   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. Tang Chi Kin（鄧志堅）(“Mr. Tang”), aged 61, was appointed as an executive Director on 24 January 2022.
Mr. Tang is the director of Well Brand Development Limited and Smart Mind Construction Limited, companies
incorporated in Hong Kong, which are principally engaged in construction. Mr. Tang is also serving as the
chairman of the Hong Kong Industrial and Commercial Association Limited – Tai Po Branch and the vice-
president of Hong Kong Hakka Associations.

Mr. Tang has over 30 years’ experience in working in the field of construction industry and he is responsible for
broadening the business network and exploring new opportunities of development of the Group. Mr. Tang
graduated from his secondary school in the Mainland China.

Ms. Kwok Ho Yee（郭可兒）(“Ms. Kwok”), aged 46, was appointed as an executive Director on 12 December
2023. She is also the member of the Remuneration Committee. She has been appointed as the chief operating
officer of the Group and Ms. Kwok also serves as a director of Chun Yang, a subsidiary of the Group. Her
responsibilities in the Group include formulating and determining corporate and business strategies and
development, making major operation decisions, and monitoring business operations. Ms. Kwok obtained a
Master’s Degree in Business Administration from Glasgow Caledonian University in the United Kingdom.

Ms. Kwok has over 15 years of sales, marketing, and operation management experience in the green technology
and environmental industry with a wide business network in Hong Kong and worldwide. She is the executive
committee member of the FHKI Group 26 (Environmental Industries Council), Honorary Advisor of the Hong Kong
Recycling Chamber of Commerce, advisor of the Gerson Lehrman Group, honorary advisor of Eco City
Foundation and member of the Small and Medium Enterprises Committee of Trade and Industry Department of
the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. The Green Achiever Award under the Hong
Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence for 2021 recognized her efforts in improving the environment.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent（侯穎承）(“Mr. Hau”), aged 51, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 24 July 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
and the Nomination Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgement on issues of
strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.

Mr. Hau obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Laws from The University of Hong Kong in December 1994. Mr. Hau
was admitted in August 1997 as a solicitor of the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and
is still currently practising as a solicitor. He served as an assistant solicitor in Joseph S.C. Chan & Co. Solicitors
from August 1997 and later served as a partner from September 2000 to May 2006. Since May 2006, Mr. Hau has
been serving as a senior partner in Messrs. V. Hau & Chow. He is now the honorary legal advisors of Hong Kong
Chinese Civil Servants’ Association, Hong Kong Nurses General Union and Shining Stars Foundation Hong Kong.

Mr. Hau focuses his practice on commercial transactions, litigation, banking and insolvency. He has experience in
advising on compliance matters for listed companies and handling criminal cases involving directors of a wholly-
owned subsidiary of a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Since November 2015, Mr. Hau has been a director
of WLS Limited, which is a subsidiary of Milan Station Holdings Limited (stock code: 1150) and is engaged in
retailing of spa and wellness products. Mr. Hau is in charge of the business operation, cash flow and compliance
matters for WLS Limited and assists to prepare and review the commercial documents for Milan Station Holdings
Limited.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah（藍章華）(“Mr. Lam”), aged 69, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 2 June 2023. He is also a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. He has
     substantial experience and extensive network in the banking and property development and property investment
     industries. From 1991 to 2005, he held various senior positions at Hongkong Bank of Canada (currently known as
     HSBC Bank Canada), HSBC California and Hang Seng Bank Limited. He subsequently worked at Dah Sing Bank,
     Limited from September 2005 to February 2012 with his last position as an executive director, head of retail
     banking. After that, Mr. Lam acted as the vice chairman and an executive director of Nan Fung Property Holdings
     Limited in China Property Division between February 2013 and December 2021, and he has served as their
     consultant since January 2022. Mr. Lam possesses extensive experiences in property development and property
     investment and has deep understanding of property industry trends.


     He graduated from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute (currently known as Toronto Metropolitan University) in
     Toronto, Canada in June 1988 where he received his bachelor of business management degree. He is a fellow of
     The Institute of Canadian Bankers and a fellow of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. He was a member
     of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Guangzhou Committee.


     Mr. Lam has been an independent non-executive director of Wing Lee Property Investments Limited (a company
     listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), stock code:
     864), since February 2013, an independent non-executive director of Samson Paper Holdings Limited (currently
     known as C&D Newin Paper & Pulp Corporation Limited) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
     Exchange, stock code: 731), since May 2022, an independent non-executive director of Blue River Holdings
     Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, stock code: 498), since August 2022 and an
     independent non-executive director of Oshidori International Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange, stock code: 622), since August 2022. He was a non-executive director of Hong
     Kong Aerospace Technology Group Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, stock
     code: 1725), from October 2021 to July 2022.


     Prof. Sit Wing Hang, GBS, JP ,（薛永恒）(“Prof. Sit”), aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on 20 October 2023. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member of each of
     the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee. He joined the Hong Kong Government in 1984 and was
     promoted to the Director of Electrical and Mechanical Services and Electrical & Mechanical Services Trading Fund
     General Manager in 2017. He was in charge of electrical and mechanical safety and promotion of energy
     efficiency and conservation in Hong Kong, as well as the provision of engineering services for electrical and
     mechanical assets of the Hong Kong SAR Government. He served as the Secretary for Innovation and Technology
     of the Hong Kong SAR Government from April 2020 to 30 June 2022. Prof. Sit was awarded the Gold Bauhinia
     Star and was appointed as a Justice of the Peace by the Hong Kong SAR Government.


     Prof. Sit is currently the Chief Executive and Secretary of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. He also serves
     as a Senior Advisor to the President and Vice-Chancellor and Honorary Professor of the Hong Kong Baptist
     University, and a Professor of Practice of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.


     Prof. Sit is an electrical engineer by profession and has over 40 years of experience in public administration. He is
     a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. He was the President of the Hong Kong Institution of
     Facility Management and Chairman of the Biomedical Division of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers.




14   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Prof. Sit is also currently serving as an independent non-executive director of Morris Home Holdings Limited, a
company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1575) since July 2023 and an independent
non-executive director of Wai Yuen Tong Medicine Holdings Limited, a company listed on the main board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 897) since December 2023.


Mr. Yu Chung Leung（余仲良）(“Mr. Yu”), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
12 December 2023. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
Committee. He has over 29 years of experience in auditing and accounting. He holds a Master of Arts in
international accounting from City University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yu is a member and an authorised supervisor of
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is a fellow member of The Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants, a chartered tax adviser of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and a practising certified
public accountant in Hong Kong. He is also a member of the Process Review Panel for the Accounting and
Financial Reporting Council. Mr. Yu is a partner of Lee & Yu Certified Public Accountants. He was awarded the
Chief Executive’s Commendation for Community Service in 2022.


Mr. Yu is currently an independent non-executive director of Narnia (Hong Kong) Group Company Limited, a
company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability whose shares are listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 8607) since January 2019; an independent non-executive director of Oshidori International
Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability whose shares are listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 622) since July 2022 and an independent nonexecutive director of Blue
River Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability whose shares are listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 498) since August 2022.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Mark Ka Ming Lam（林嘉銘）(“Mr. Mark Lam”), aged 46, was appointed as the Group’s chief financial
     officer on 8 September 2022. As the Group chief financial officer, he is responsible for overseeing all strategic
     plans of the Group’s business development and financial operations, including managing fundraising activities
     and potential mergers and acquisitions activities.


     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Mark Lam held key leadership roles in several multinational corporations across
     various industries, including serving as the Group chief financial officer and Board Director at one of Asia’s top
     three technology, electronic, and telecom reverse supply chain management service providers. Previously, he
     worked for Hutchison Whampoa Properties Limited (a member of CK Assets Holding Limited) and Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu.


     Mr. Mark Lam is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of CPA Australia and the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants with a Master’s degree in Business Management.


     Mr. Ho Chi Lai, Johnny（何志禮）(“Mr. Ho”), aged 61, is a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ho joined the
     Group in March 2006 as a project manager of Head Fame. Mr. Ho is responsible for the overall monitoring the
     construction projects, cost estimating, managing the quality management system and administrating tendering
     works of the Group.


     Mr. Ho has over 36 years of experience in the construction and building works industry. Prior to joining the
     Group, Mr. Ho had participated in numerous residential, commercial and ASD projects in Hong Kong. He had
     served many construction companies, including but not limited to, WMKY Limited as an assistant engineer from
     April 1987 to April 1988, Lee Shing Yue Construction Company Limited as a projects manager from June 1998 to
     September 2000, and Hong Kong Wai Yip Building Materials Limited (now known as Hong Kong Wai Yip Building
     Construction Limited) as a site agent, from September 2003 to May 2005.

     Mr. Ho obtained an Honours Diploma in Civil Engineering from Hong Kong Baptist College in January 1986, a
     Higher Diploma in Applied Statistics from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong in November 1992 and a Master of
     Science in Engineering Management from City University of Hong Kong in November 2001. He then obtained a
     Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Civil Engineering from The Queen’s University of Brighton in October 2003.


     Mr. Chu Pui Ki Dickson（朱沛褀）(“Mr. Chu”), aged 39, is a company secretary of the Company (the “Company
     Secretary”). Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary on 12 January 2022. Mr. Chu is a member of the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2011. He has over 10 years of relevant
     experience in accounting and auditing and has experience in tax, internal control matters and is holding position
     of company secretary in other companies listed on the Stock Exchange.


     He is currently serving as the company secretary and providing professional corporate services to companies
     listed in the main board and GEM of the Stock Exchange.




16   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year
ended 31 March 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are the provision of
superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong and the provision of reverse
supply chain management and environmental-related service.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 are set out in the financial statements on pages 93 to
193 of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31
March 2024 (2023: Nil).


BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024 and a discussion on the Group’s
future business development are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report. The
financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in the Note 40 to the consolidated
financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2024 using financial
key performance indicators is provided in the management discussion and analysis on pages 7 to 11 of this
annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationship with its key
stakeholders, key risks and uncertainties and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
significant impact on the Group are contained in the Report of the Directors on pages 17 to 18 of this annual
report.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY

The Group strives to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s
operation does make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group
implements a range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with
applicable environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which
balances the need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving the
utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
environment and natural resources.


Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice such
as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   17
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     During the year, as far as the Group is aware, there was no material breach or non-compliance with applicable
     laws and regulation by the Group that has a significant impact on its business and operations.


     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     The Group believes that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in its operations but the Group uses its
     best endeavors to ensure its sufficient to mitigate the risks present in our operations and financial position.


     •      Our revenue relies on successful tenders of our projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no
            guarantee that our customers will provide us with new business or that we will secure new customers;


     •      The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately estimate the
            costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses;


     •      The Group relies on subcontractors to help complete our contracts;


     •      The Group is exposed to our customers’ credit risks and our liquidity position may be adversely affected if
            our customers fail to make payment on time or in full;


     •      Our performance depends on market conditions and trends in the construction industry and in the overall
            economy and there is no assurance that if the property market in Hong Kong further deteriorates, there will
            be no material adverse impact on the Group’s operation or at all, or the Group will be able to take
            appropriate measures to minimise the adverse impact on it; and


     •      The Group operates in a highly competitive market.


     RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

     The Directors recognises that the Group’s employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors are the keys to its
     sustainable development.


     Employees
     The Group has maintained good relationship with its employees. The Group provides the remuneration package,
     including salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to
     serve the Group. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the performance of its employees,
     which forms the basis of its decisions with respect to an increase in salary, distribution of bonuses and
     promotions.




18   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Customers
The Group has established a stable customer base within the private sector. Its customers in the private sector
include private property developers and commercial enterprises which require superstructure building and/or
RMAA works services. The Group believes that the established working relationships with its major customers
have enhanced its market recognition and enabled the Group to attract more business opportunities.


Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group has established long-term and close working relationships with its major suppliers and subcontractors,
some of whom have working relationships with the Group for 10 years. The performance of subcontractors and
the quality of superstructure building and RMAA works contracted by the Group can be assured by the close
relationship with its subcontractors.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
as extracted from the published annual reports and audited financial statements of the Company for the year
ended 31 March 2024 are set out on page 194. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024
are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements during the year ended 31 March 2024 in the share capital of the Company are set out in
Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association (“Articles”) of
the Company or the laws of Cayman Islands, which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis
to the exiting Shareholders.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as
at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the rules
governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the year ended 31 March 2024.


     RESERVES

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2024 are set out in page 96
     and Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     Details of distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 March 2024 are set out in Note 34 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers accounted for
     approximately 48.1% and 92.6% of the Group’s total revenue respectively.


     For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers which were the
     subcontractors accounted for approximately 33.1% and 67.4% of the Group’s total of cost of services respectively.


     None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors who
     owned more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers or suppliers
     during the year ended 31 March 2024.


     DIRECTORS

     The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report
     were:


     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin
     Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Chief Operating Officer) (appointed on 12 December 2023)




20   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Independent Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”):
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah
Prof. Sit Wing Hang (appointed on 20 October 2023)
Mr. Yu Chung Leung (appointed on 12 December 2023)
Mr. Wan Simon (resigned on 20 October 2023)
Mr. Zhang Jue (resigned on 12 December 2023)


The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from all INEDs. The Group considers all
INEDs to be independent under the Listing Rules.


BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 12 to 16
of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Mr. Kwok has entered into service agreements with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 12
August 2022. Mr. Zhan has entered into service agreements with the Company for a term of three years
commencing from 23 December 2022. In case of Mr. Tang, Mr. Tang has entered into service agreement with the
Company as an executive Director for a term of three years with effect from 24 January 2022. Ms. Kwok has
entered into service agreements with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 12 December
2023. The service agreement of each respective executive Director shall continue unless terminated by either
party giving no less than one month’s written notice served by either party on the other.


All INEDs have respectively entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. Mr. Hau who have entered
into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of one year commencing from 24 July 2018.
Mr. Lam entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of one year commencing from
2 June 2023. Prof. Sit and Mr. Yu entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of one
year commencing from 20 October 2023 and 12 December 2023 respectively. The letter of appointment of each
respective INED shall continue unless terminated by either party giving no less than one month’s written notice
served by either party on the other.


The term of service of each Director is subject to retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed to be re-elected at the forthcoming annual general
meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year
without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in Note
12 to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     EMOLUMENT POLICY

     The emolument policy of the Group is based on the merit, qualification and competence and are reviewed by the
     Remuneration Committee periodically. The emolument of the Directors are decided by the Board after
     recommendation from the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the performance of the Group and
     individual performance and comparable market statistics.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS AND
     CONTRACTS

     No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
     Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or
     controlling shareholders of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 March 2024.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
     of the Group was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2024.


     COMPETING INTERESTS

     The Directors confirm that neither the controlling shareholders of the Company nor their respective close
     associates is interested in a business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete,
     directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the
     Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report.


     NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

     Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has made an annual declaration to the Company that
     during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to date of this annual report, he/it has complied with the term of
     non-competition undertakings (“Non-Competition Undertakings”) given in favour of the Company. The INEDs
     have also reviewed the status of compliance by each of the controlling shareholders of the Company with the
     undertakings stipulated in the Non-Competition Undertakings and have confirmed that, as far as the INEDs can
     ascertain, there is no breach of any of such undertakings.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024 are
     set out in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. For the year ended 31 March 2024, none of these
     related party transactions are connected transaction which are subject to the disclosure requirements of Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions.




22   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND DEBT CAPITALISATION
On 21 March 2023, in order to preserve its cash outlay, the Company entered into the subscription and debt
capitalisation agreement with Chun Yip International Investment Limited (“Chun Yip”), pursuant to which Chun
Yip has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, an
aggregate of 103,650,000 new Shares at the capitalisation price of HK$0.40 per capitalisation share to settle the
promissory notes at a sum of HK$41,460,000. The capitalisation price of HK$0.40 per capitalisation share
represents a discount of approximately 14.89% to the closing price of HK$0.47 per Share as quoted on the Stock
Exchange on 21 March 2023, the date of the subscription and debt capitalisation agreement. The aggregate
nominal value of the capitalisation shares is HK$1,036,500. The net capitalisation price (after deduction of all
professional fees and related expenses), is approximately HK$0.40 per capitalisation share. The capitalisation
share, when fully paid and allotted and issued, ranked pari passu in all respects among themselves and with the
Shares in issue on the date of allotment and issue of the capitalisation shares.

Chun Yip is wholly-owned by Mr. Kwok, the chairman of the Board and an executive Director. Mr. Kwok directly
owned, and was through Chun Yip interested in, 90,000,000 Shares and 441,860,000 Shares respectively,
collectively representing approximately 55.43% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of the
subscription and debt capitalisation agreement. Chun Yip is therefore a connected person of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the subscription constitutes a connected transaction and is subject
to the reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules. The subscription was approved by the shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general
meeting held on 9 May 2023 and was completed on 15 May 2023.

For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 21 March 2023, 9 May 2023 and 15 May 2023
and the circular dated 14 April 2023.

Save as disclosed above, for the year ended 31 March 2024, there was no transactions which constituted
connected transaction(s) or continuing connected transaction(s) of the Company.

CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME, LOGO, WEBSITE AND STOCK SHORT
NAME
Subsequent to the passing of a special resolution approving the change of company name by the Shareholders
by way of poll at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 28 September 2023, the certificate of
incorporation on change of name was issued by the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands on 9 October
2023 certifying the change of the English name of the Company from “Golden Ponder Holdings Limited” to
“Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited” and the change of the dual foreign name in Chinese of the Company
from “金侖控股有限公司” to “晉景新能控股有限公司”, both of which took effect from 9 October 2023.

The certificate of registration of alteration of name of registered non-Hong Kong company was issued by the
Companies Registry in Hong Kong on 25 October 2023, confirming the registration of the Company’s new English
and Chinese names of “Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited” and “晉景新能控股有限公司”, respectively, in
Hong Kong under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

The new stock short name of the Company has been changed from “GOLDEN PONDER” to “ENVISION GREEN”
in English and from “金侖控股有限公司” to “晉景新能” in Chinese with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 16 November
2023 and the new website address has been changed from www.goldenponder.com.hk to www.evsgreenwise.
com and the new company logo        has been adopted by the Company.

For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 5 September 2023, 28 September 2023 and 13
November 2023 and circular dated 6 September 2023.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     SUBSCRIPTION OF NEW SHARES UNDER GENERAL MANDATE

     (1)    On 21 March 2023, in order to raise additional capital, the Company and the subscribers (the “March
            Subscribers”), entered into the subscription agreement respectively, pursuant to which the Company has
            conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and the March Subscribers have conditionally agreed to subscribe
            for, an aggregate of 45,000,000 new Shares at the Subscription Price of HK$0.40 per Subscription Share (the
            “March Subscription”). The subscription price of HK$0.40 per subscription share represents a discount of
            approximately 14.89% to the closing price of HK$0.47 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 21
            March 2023, the date of the subscription agreements. The aggregate nominal value of the subscription
            shares is HK$450,000. The net subscription price (after deduction of all professional fees and related
            expenses), is approximately HK$0.39 per subscription share. The subscription shares, when fully paid and
            allotted and issued, ranked pari passu in all respects among themselves and with the Shares in issue on the
            date of allotment and issue of the subscription shares.


            Completion of the subscription took place on 11 April 2023. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
            information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, (i) each of the March Subscribers and its
            ultimate beneficial owner are Independent Third Parties; and (ii) each of the March Subscribers are
            independent from, not connected or associated with, and not acting in concert (as defined under the Codes
            on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong
            Kong) with one another.


            The net proceeds from the March Subscription, after deduction of all professional fees and related
            expenses, is amounted to approximately HK$18.0 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
            from the Subscription for the EV-charging station infrastructure projects.


            For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 March 2023, 23 March 2023 and
            11 April 2023.


     (2)    On 20 July 2023, the Company and the subscribers (the “Subscribers”), including Cheng Tsan Tsun, Lin
            Wenting, Gold Charm Group Limited, Great Win Global Limited and Joyful Rainbow Limited, entered into
            the subscription agreement respectively, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot
            and issue, and the Subscribers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, an aggregate of 146,890,000 new
            Shares at the Subscription Price of HK$0.245 per Subscription Share (the “Subscription”). The subscription
            price of HK$0.245 per subscription share represents a discount of approximately 19.67% to the closing price
            of HK$0.305 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 20 July 2023, the date of the subscription
            agreements. The aggregate nominal value of the subscription shares is HK$1,468,900. The net subscription
            price (after deduction of all professional fees and related expenses), is approximately HK$0.244 per
            subscription share. The subscription shares, when fully paid and allotted and issued, ranked pari passu in all
            respects among themselves and with the Shares in issue on the date of allotment and issue of the
            subscription shares.


            The Board considers that the Subscription represents an opportunity to (i) raise additional capital to actively
            participate in more tenders relating to EV-charging station infrastructure projects for the carpark of private
            residential buildings under EHSS and develop the Energy Storage System business; and (ii) enlarge the
            shareholders and capital base of the Company and strengthen the financial position of the Group.


24   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Completion of the subscription took place on 1 August 2023. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge,
      information and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, (i) each of the Subscribers and its ultimate
      beneficial owner are Independent Third Parties; and (ii) each of the Subscribers are independent from, not
      connected or associated with, and not acting in concert (as defined under the Codes on Takeovers and
      Mergers and Share Buy-backs issued by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong) with one
      another.


      The net proceeds from the Subscription, after deduction of all professional fees and related expenses, is
      amounted to approximately HK$35.91 million. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the
      Subscription in the EV-charging station infrastructure projects and the Energy Storage System business.


      For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 20 July 2023 (the “Announcement”)
      and 1 August 2023.


USE OF PROCEEDS

(1)   The net proceeds from the March Subscription is fully utilised in accordance with the intended use during
      the year ended 31 March 2024.


(2)   The following table set forth the utilisation of the net proceeds from the Subscription for the year ended 31
      March 2024:


                                                                 Planned use of     Actual use of         Unutilised
                                                                  net proceeds      net proceeds      net proceeds
                                                                as stated in the           up to                as at
                                                                 Announcement      31 March 2024    31 March 2024
                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


      EV-charging station infrastructure projects and Energy
        Storage System business                                         35,908            35,908                    –


INCREASE IN AUTHORISED SHARE CAPITAL

The increase the authorised share capital of the Company from HK$15,000,000 (divided into 1,500,000,000 Shares
of a nominal or par value of HK$0.01 each) to HK$30,000,000 (divided into 3,000,000,000 Shares of a nominal or
par value of HK$0.01 each) was effective on 28 September 2023. Details of which are set out in the
announcements of the Company dated 5 September 2023 and 28 September 2023 and the circular of the
Company dated 6 September 2023.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     ACQUISITION OF RIGHT-OF-USE ASSET FOR LEASE OF LOTS T2 AND T3
     IN ECOPARK
     On 13 May 2024, Chun Yang, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into the lease (the
     “Lease”) with the Chief Executive on behalf of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
     pursuant to an award of tender lease for Lots T2 and T3 in EcoPark in April 2024. Pursuant to the Lease, the term
     of the Lease is 20 years and the leased area is approximately 9,420m2.

     EcoPark, Hong Kong’s first green recycling-business park, is a facility of the Environmental Protection Department
     of Hong Kong specially constructed for green recycling industry. The Lease of 20 years will provide business
     continuation for the Group in green industry and is in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group.
     Considering the business and development strategy of the Group with regard to environmental-related
     businesses, the Board considers that it is a justifiable business decision to enter into the Lease under the terms
     thereof.

     Pursuant to HKFRS 16, the Company will recognise a right-of-use asset in connection with the Lease in its
     consolidated financial statements, in the estimated amount of approximately HK$79.1 million (subject to review
     by the Company’s auditors), which is calculated with reference to the present value of the aggregate base rental
     payable during the term of the Lease.

     For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 May 2024.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     In accordance with article 191 of the Articles, the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
     out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
     about the execution of the duties of their office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
     maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the
     Directors.

     DONATIONS
     Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2024 amounted to
     HK$14,000 (2023: HK$64,600).

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     As at 31 March 2024, save as the Share Award Scheme, there was no equity-linked agreements that will or may
     result in the Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may
     result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company.

     SHARE AWARD SCHEME
     The existing share award scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme”) was adopted by the Company
     at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 28 September 2023 (the “Adoption Date”) and the
     previous share option scheme of the Company adopted on 25 July 2018 (the “2018 Share Option Scheme”) was
     terminated on the same date. The rules of the 2018 Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect to
     the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of options granted prior to its termination or otherwise as may
     be required in accordance with the rules of the 2018 Share Option Scheme. Options granted prior to such
     termination shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the rules of the 2018 Share Option
     Scheme.


26   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


No share option has been granted by the Company or agreed to be granted under the 2018 Share Option
Scheme since the adoption date of the 2018 Share Option Scheme, i.e. 25 July 2018 and up to the date of this
report. Therefore, under the 2018 Share Option Scheme, no share options lapsed or were exercised or cancelled
during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this report and there were no outstanding share
options as at 31 March 2024.


Purpose of the Share Award Scheme
The purposes of the Share Award Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions which the Eligible
Participants have made or may make to the Group.


The Share Award Scheme will provide the Eligible Participants with an opportunity to acquire proprietary interests
in the Company, with the view to achieving the following principal objectives:


(1)     motivating the Eligible Participants to optimise their performance and efficiency for the benefit of the
        Group; and


(2)     attracting and retaining or otherwise maintaining ongoing business relationships with the Eligible
        Participants whose contributions are, or, will be or are expected to be, beneficial to the Group.


Participants
The following persons are eligible to participate in, and be granted share award under, the Share Award Scheme
(each such person being an “Eligible Participant”):

(i)     any Director (excluding independent non-executive Directors) and employee of the Company and any of its
        Subsidiaries (including persons who are granted Awards under the Share Award Scheme as an inducement
        to enter into employment contracts with the respective company of the Group (each such person being an
        “Employee Participant”);

(ii)    any Director and employee of the Affiliate (each such person being a “Related Entity Participant”); and

(iii)   any Service Providers whom the Board or the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines that have
        contributed or will contribute to the Group (each such person being a “Service Provider Participant”).

Scheme Mandate Limit and Service Provider Sublimit
The total number of Shares which may be awarded in respect of all awards and options under the Share Award
Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall be no more than 10% of the total number of Shares in issue
as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Within the Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of
new Shares which may be issued in respect of all awards and options to be granted to Service Providers under
the Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 4% of the total
number of Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Service Provider Sublimit”).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   27
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     On the basis of 1,255,027,500 Shares in issue on the Adoption Date, the respective Scheme Mandate Limit and
     the Service Provider Sublimit on the Adoption Date are as follows:


     Share Award Scheme                                                                                         Shares


     Scheme Mandate Limit                                                                                  125,502,750
     Service Provider Sublimit                                                                              50,201,100

     The number of Shares available for future allotment and issue for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme under
     the Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit are 38,562,750 shares and 25,361,100 Shares
     respectively as at 31 March 2024.

     Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
     The Share Award Scheme imposes an individual limit on the total number of Shares that may be issued to each
     Eligible Participant in any 12-month period, such that the aggregate number of shares issued and to be issued in
     respect of all options and awards granted to each Eligible Participant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue
     for the time being (the “Individual Limit”). Where any grant of option or award to a Eligible Participant would
     result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to such person
     (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Scheme) in the 12-month period
     up to and including the date of such grant exceeding the Individual Limit, such grant must be separately
     approved by Shareholders in a general meeting with such Eligible Participant and his/her close associates (or
     associates if the participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The Company will send a circular to
     the Shareholders containing all those information and terms as required under Rule 17.03(D)(2) of the Listing
     Rules.


     Vesting Period
     Subject to the satisfaction of all vesting conditions applicable to the vesting of awarded shares to each grantee,
     the awarded shares held by the trustee on behalf of such grantee pursuant to the provision hereof shall vest in
     such grantee in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule as set out in the award letter, and the trustee
     shall cause the awarded shares to be transferred to such grantee in accordance with the rules relating to the
     Share Award Scheme.


     In any event, the awards granted under the Share Awards Scheme shall be held for not less than twelve (12)
     months before being vested on the Eligible Participant.


     No purchase price is required to be paid by the Eligible Participant upon the acceptance or vesting of the share
     awards under the Share Award Scheme. As such, the period within which payments or calls must or may be made
     or loans for such purposes must be repaid is not applicable.




28   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Performance Targets
Any grant of awards under the Share Award Scheme may be subject to a performance target (if any) so as to
achieve the purpose of the Share Award Scheme. The performance target, if any, shall be imposed on a
case-by-case basis with reference to the performance of the Eligible Participant and/or the operating or financial
performance of the Group and/or such other performance target to be determined by the Board or the
Committee in its absolute discretion from time to time, which shall be set out in the award letter in relation to the
grant of the award to each relevant Eligible Participant. Factors to be taken into account include but are not
limited to (i) annual, half-yearly or quarterly results and performance of the Group, with reference to revenue,
profits (before or after tax), earnings per share, market value or economic value added, cash flow, return on
assets, return on equity, return on investment, share price etc.; (ii) for Employee Participants, the key performance
indicators of the individual or the respective department(s) and/or business unit(s) that the Eligible Participant
belongs to, and for Related Entity Participants and Service Provider Participants, their contribution to the financial
and operating results of the Company; and (iii) individual position, annual appraisal result and other factors
relevant to the Eligible Participant. Unless otherwise determined by the Board or the Committee, there is no
performance target stipulated under the Scheme Rules that is required to be achieved by the Grantee before an
Award can be granted.

Clawback Mechanism
Subject to compliance with the Listing Rules and the provisions hereof, the Board or the Committee shall have
the right and power to determine clawback provisions, namely to forfeit all the outstanding awards granted
(where applicable) to the relevant grantee but not yet vested and exercised without the approval of the relevant
grantee in the occurrence of events as set out under the section headed “CLAWBACK” in Appendix IV to the
circular of the Company dated 6 September 2023.


Rights Attaching to the Awards and the Awarded Shares
An awarded share shall not carry any voting right unless and until the trustee has transferred and vested the legal
and beneficial ownership of such awarded shares to and in the grantee in accordance with the rules of the Share
Award Scheme.

Voting Rights of the Trustee of the Share Award Scheme
A trustee will be appointed to administer the Share Award Scheme. The trustee holding unvested Shares of the
Share Award Scheme, whether directly or indirectly, shall abstain from voting on matters that require
shareholders’ approval under the Listing Rules, unless otherwise required by law to vote in accordance with the
beneficial owner’s direction and such a direction is given.


Administration of the Share Award Scheme
The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board and the trustee, and the decision of
the Board and the trustee regarding the administration and operation of the Share Award Scheme shall be final
and binding on all parties.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   29
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Duration
     The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date,
     unless terminated earlier as determined by the Board.

     The remaining life of the Share Award Scheme is approximately 9.26 years as at the date of this annual report.

     General
     None of the Directors is a trustee of the Share Award Scheme nor has a direct or indirect interest in the trustees
     of the Share Award Scheme.

     For more details on the Share Award Scheme, please refer to Appendix IV to the circular of the Company dated 6
     September 2023.

     During the year ended 31 March 2024, the details of the changes in the Award Shares granted under the Share
     Award Scheme are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                                                        share
                                                                                                                                                       awards
                                                                              Fair value     As at    Granted      Vested     Lapsed    Cancelled outstanding
                                                                             at the date   1 April      during      during     during      during at 31 March
                                       Date of grant     Vesting date           of grant     2023     the year    the year   the year    the year        2024

     Directors
     Mr. Kwok Chun Sing                12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –    12,420,000         –          –           –    12,420,000
     Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –    12,420,000         –          –           –    12,420,000
     Mr. Tang Chi Kin                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –     8,280,000         –          –           –     8,280,000
                                       12 October 2023   30 September 2025          0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000
     Ms. Kwok Ho Yee*                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –    12,420,000         –          –           –    12,420,000

     Directors in aggregate                                                                     –    49,680,000         –          –           –    49,680,000

     Employee#
                                       12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –     8,280,000         –          –           –     8,280,000
                                       12 October 2023   30 September 2025          0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000

     Employee in aggregate                                                                      –    12,420,000         –          –           –    12,420,000

     Services providers
                                       12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –     8,280,000         –          –           –     8,280,000
                                       12 October 2023   30 September 2025          0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000
                                       12 October 2023   11 October 2024            0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000
                                       12 October 2023   31 March 2025              0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000
                                       12 October 2023   30 September 2025          0.72        –     4,140,000         –          –           –     4,140,000

     Services providers in aggregate                                                            –    24,840,000         –          –           –    24,840,000

     Total                                                                                      –    86,940,000         –          –           –    86,940,000

     *        On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 Awarded Shares were granted to Ms. Kwok Ho Yee as being an employee and chief operating officer of
              the Group. On 12 December 2023. Ms. Kwok Ho Yee was appointed as an executive director of the Company.

     #        On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr. Guo Jinbao (being the brother of Mr. Kwok Chun Sing). Mr. Guo
              Jinbao is connected person of the Company.

30   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Notes:

1.       The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the grant of share awards on 12 October 2023 were HK$0.72 per share.

2.       The number of Shares available for future allotment and issue for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme under the Scheme Mandate
         Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit are 38,562,750 shares and 25,361,100 Shares respectively, representing approximately 3.07% and
         2.02% of the total issued Shares as at the date of this report respectively.

3.       The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the share awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended 31
         March 2024 divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the year ended 31 March 2024 was approximately 0.07.

4.       All of the grants were subject to fulfillment of certain individual performance targets. For details, please refer to the circular of the
         Company dated 6 September 2023 and announcement of the Company dated 12 October 2023.

5.       Subject to the satisfaction of the performance targets applicable to the Awarded Shares to each Grantee, the Awarded Shares will be
         transferred to such Grantee in accordance with the Share Award Scheme. In any event, the Awarded Shares granted under the Scheme
         shall be held for not less than 12 months before being vested on the Grantees. The Awarded Shares is subject to a lock up period for 6
         months after vesting and a general clawback mechanism as set out in the circular of the Company dated 6 September 2023.

6.       Under the Share Award Scheme, no purchase price is required to be paid by grantees.

7.       Details of the calculation of the fair value of the share awards are set out in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”, at no time during the year ended 31 March 2024
was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire
benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   31
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST AND SHORT
     POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY OR THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

     As at 31 March 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in
     the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”),
     which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of
     Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
     provisions of the SFO); (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
     referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3
     of the Listing Rules, were as follows:


                                                                                                           Interest           Approximate
                                                                                                       in ordinary              percentage
                                                                                                            shares/          of interests in
                                                                                                        underlying           the Company
     Name of Directors                        Nature of interest                                             shares                  (Note 1)


     Mr. Kwok                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                     545,510,000                    43.47%
                                                                                                            (Note 2)
                                              Beneficial owner                                           90,000,000                    7.17%
                                              Beneficial owner                                           12,420,000                    0.99%
                                                                                                            (Note 3)


     Mr. Tang                                 Beneficial owner                                           40,320,000                    3.21%
                                              Beneficial owner                                           12,420,000                    0.99%
                                                                                                            (Note 3)


     Mr. Zhan                                 Beneficial owner                                            6,950,000                    0.55%
                                                                                                         12,420,000                    0.99%
                                                                                                            (Note 3)


     Ms. Kwok                                 Beneficial owner                                           12,420,000                    0.99%
                                                                                                            (Note 3)

     Notes:

     1.       As at 31 March 2024, the Company has issued 1,255,027,500 Shares.

     2.       These Shares are held by Chun Yip, which is beneficially wholly owned by Mr. Kwok. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Kwok is deemed to be
              interested in all the Shares held by Chun Yip.

     3.       These Shares were the unvested share awards.




32   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
COMPANY

So far as the Directors are aware, as at 31 March 2024, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
chief executive officer of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


Long Position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                             Total number of               Approximate
                                                                                              ordinary shares            percentage of
                                                                                              and underlying                 interests in
Name of shareholder(s)                       Nature of interest                                           shares          the Company
                                                                                                     (Note 1, 2)


Chun Yip                                     Beneficial owner (Note 3)                              545,510,000                    43.47%

Notes:

1.       As at 31 March 2024, the Company has issued 1,255,027,500 Shares.

2.       All interests stated are long positions.

3.       Chun Yip is the direct Shareholder, which is beneficially wholly owned by Mr. Kwok. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Kwok are deemed to be
         interested in all the Shares held by Chun Yip.



Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in
the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2024.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    33
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Directors are not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure
     that has taken place subsequent to 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this report.


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

     Brief biographical details of the Directors including the changes in the Directors’ information (if any) during the
     year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are included in the section headed
     “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Company’s Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 35 to 49.


     AUDITOR

     On 24 October 2022, BDO Limited (“BDO”) resigned and Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (“Baker Tilly”) was
     appointed as the auditor of the Group. BDO confirmed that there were no matters that need to be brought to
     the attention of the shareholders of the Company in relation to its resignation. Details of the change of auditor
     were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 24 October 2022.


     Save as disclosed above, there were no other changes in auditor of the Group during the past three years.


     The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 were audited by Baker
     Tilly. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint
     Baker Tilly as auditor of the Company.


     APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 were approved by the
     Board on 26 June 2024.




     On behalf of the Board
     Kwok Chun Sing
     Chairman


     Hong Kong, 26 June 2024




34   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company recognises the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is
committed in achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to attain better results
and improve its corporate image with effective corporate governance procedures.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Company has adopted and complied with applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in the
Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the year
ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report. The Directors will periodically review on the
Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance
with the Code Provisions from time to time.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
conduct of dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiry to all Directors, all
Directors have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 March
2024 and up to the date of this annual report.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Composition and role
The composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report is
set out below:


Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Tang Chi Kin
Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Chief Operating Officer) (appointed on 12 December 2023)


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah
Prof. Sit Wing Hang (appointed on 20 October 2023)
Mr. Yu Chung Leung (appointed on 12 December 2023)
Mr. Wan Simon (resigned on 20 October 2023)
Mr. Zhang Jue (resigned on 12 December 2023)




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Role and functions of the Board and management
     The principal function of the Board are to formulate corporate strategy and business development and to ensure
     a high standard of corporate governance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
     implementing business strategy and managing day-to-day administration and operations of the Group’s business
     to the chief executive officer and the senior management. Executive Directors and the senior management meet
     regularly to review the performance of the business of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and
     make financial and operational decisions. The Board is regularly provided with management update report to
     give a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position, recent development and prospect
     of the Group in sufficient details.


     The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
     applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
     governance practices. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to
     develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.


     The biographies of the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report
     and the relationships among them are set out in the “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management”
     section on pages 12 to 16 of this annual report. The executive Directors bring a good balance of skills and
     experience to the Company. The independent non-executive Directors provide their independent judgement on
     the development, performance and risk management of the Group. The Directors are fully aware that they are
     individually and collectively accountable to shareholders.


     Directors’ continuous professional development
     During the year ended 31 March 2024, all Directors confirmed to comply with the provision of the CG Code in
     relation to continuous professional development. In doing so, the Directors have undertaken various forms of
     activities relevant to the Company’s business and Directors’ duties and responsibilities. The Company held a
     training for all Directors to provide them with knowledge on the duties and responsibilities of the Directors
     before they were on board.




36   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The record of continuous professional development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business
development that have been received by the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to date of
this annual report are summarised as follows:

                                                                                                        Attending
                                                                                                      seminar(s) or
                                                                                                    programme(s)/
                                                                                                  reading relevant
                                                                                                         materials


Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)                                                                                       ✓
Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)                                                                          ✓
Mr. Tang Chi Kin                                                                                                    ✓
Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Chief Operating Officer) (appointed on 12 December 2023)                                           ✓

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                                                          ✓
Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah                                                                                             ✓
Prof. Sit Wing Hang (appointed on 20 October 2023)                                                                  ✓
Mr. Yu Chung Leung (appointed on 12 December 2023)                                                                  ✓
Mr. Wan Simon (resigned on 20 October 2023)                                                                         ✓
Mr. Zhang Jue (resigned on 12 December 2023)                                                                        ✓

Meetings
Attendance records of the Board meetings, meetings of all committees and general meetings of the Company
during the year ended 31 March 2024 were set out below:

                                                                   Audit Remuneration      Nomination
                                                      Board    Committee   Committee       Committee         General
                                                     meeting     meeting     meeting         meeting         meeting


Number of meetings held                                   11           3              4              4               2

Name of Director                                                    Number of meetings attended

Executive Directors
Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)                          11/11         N/A           N/A             4/4             2/2
Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive Officer)             11/11         N/A            4/4           N/A              2/2
Mr. Tang Chi Kin                                       10/11         N/A           N/A            N/A              2/2
Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Chief Operating Officer)
 (appointed on 12 December 2023)                         1/1         N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                             11/11          3/3          N/A             4/4             2/2
Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah                                  8/8          2/2          N/A            N/A              1/1
Prof. Sit Wing Hang (appointed on 20 October 2023)       3/3          1/1           1/1            1/1            N/A
Mr. Yu Chung Leung (appointed on 12 December 2023)       1/1         N/A           N/A            N/A             N/A
Mr. Wan Simon (resigned on 20 October 2023)              8/8          2/2           3/3            3/3             2/2
Mr. Zhang Jue (resigned on 12 December 2023)            8/10          3/3           4/4           N/A              2/2


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Board also reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of
     mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. Taking into account the following
     channels, the Board considered that the Company had in place mechanisms which remain effective to ensure a
     strong independent element on the Board:


     •      a sufficient number of three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the
            Board and all of them continue to devote adequate time contribution to the Company;


     •       the independent non-executive Directors have an equal status to other Board members;


     •      all independent non-executive Directors share their views and opinions through regular quarterly meetings;


     •      annual meeting between the Chairman and all independent non-executive Directors without presence of
            other Directors providing effective platform for the Chairman to listen independent views on various issues
            concerning the Group;


     •      interaction with management and other Board members including the Chairman outside the boardroom
            upon request by the Directors; and


     •      independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive Directors upon
            reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company.


     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

     Pursuant to the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
     separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the
     chairman and chief executive should be clearly established to ensure a balance of power and authority.


     Mr. Kwok serves as the chairman of the Board and is responsible for overall strategic planning, business
     development and corporate management. Mr. Zhan serves as the chief executive officer of the Company and is
     responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions.


     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has appointed four INEDs representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
     whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the INEDs in respect of his independence in
     accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the
     view that all INEDs are independent.




38   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement or a letter
of appointment with the Company for a specific term and is subject to termination provisions therein and
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the
time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific
term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible
for re-election. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated office.


In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to
re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for
re-election. Any Director appointed under this Article 112 shall not be taken into account in determining the
Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at an annual general meeting.


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee. The table below provides the membership information of these committees on which
certain Board members served:


                                                                   Audit        Remuneration            Nomination
Name of Director                                             Committee             Committee             Committee


Kwok Chun Sing                                                         —                     —                       C
Zhan Zhi Hao                                                           —                     M                      —
Kwok Ho Yee                                                            —                     M                      —
Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                 M                     —                      M
Sit Wing Hang                                                          M                      C                     M
Yu Chung Leung                                                          C                    M                      —
Lam John Cheung-wah                                                    M                     M                      —

Notes:

C – committee chairman

M – committee member




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written
     terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph D.3.3 of the CG Code. The
     Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee effective from 2 January 2019,
     which had included changes in line with the requirements under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee is
     comprised of four INEDs, namely Mr. Yu Chung Leung, Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent, Prof. Sit Wing Hang and
     Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah. Mr. Yu Chung Leung is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


     The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for considering all relationships between the Company and the
     auditing firm (including the provision of non-audit services), monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial
     statements and issues arising from the audit, and reviewing the Group’s internal controls and risk management.
     In addition, the Audit Committee has been delegated the responsibility to perform the corporate governance
     functions including:


     1.     Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
            requirements;


     2.     Reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
            management;


     3.     Developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
            employees of the Company and the Directors;


     4.     Developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
            recommendations to the Board and reporting to the Board on such matters;


     5.     Reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
            Corporate Governance Report;


     6.     Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy; and


     7.     Considering any other topics, as determined by the Board.


     A summary of the work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2024: the Audit
     Committee reviewed and discussed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
     31 March 2023 and the Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2023 with the
     external auditor, considered and approved the audit work of the auditors, reviewed the business and financial
     performance of the Company and internal control system and risk management, and determined the policy for
     corporate governance. The Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2024 has been reviewed by the
     Audit Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
     section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.




40   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules with
written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph E.1.2 of the CG Code.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee, under the principle that no Director or any of his associates
should be involved in deciding his own remuneration include, among others, making recommendations to the
Board on (a) remuneration policy and structure for all of the Directors and senior management; (b) the
establishment of a format and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (c) the remuneration
packages of the executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their offices or
appointments; and (d) the remuneration of the INEDs. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of three
INEDs, namely Prof. Sit Wing Hang, Mr. Yu Chung Leung and Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah, and two executive
Directors, namely Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao and Ms. Kwok Ho Yee. Prof. Sit Wing Hang is the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee.


The Remuneration Committee held three meetings up to the date of this annual report. The Remuneration
Committee reviewed and approved the Group’s policy on salary adjustment and discretionary bonus which
applies to Directors and senior management of the Company and the policy has been set to align with the
Group’s operating performance while taking into account as salaries paid by comparable companies, time
commitment and responsibilities of Directors and senior management. In addition, the Company awards
discretionary bonus as performance-based bonuses and incentives at executive directors and senior management
to the achievement of strategic objectives of the Company can be measured. The discretionary bonus plan is
subject to annual review by the Remuneration Committee, depending on changes to the Company’s objectives
and strategy, the recommendation be made to the Board.


The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company
under the section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


Remuneration payment made to senior management (exclude Directors) of the Group for the year ended 31
March 2024 and 2023 falls within the following bands:


                                                                           Number of senior management
Remuneration Band (HK$)                                                             2024                  2023


Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     –                      4
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                            1                      3
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                            2                      –




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
     Paragraph B.3.1 of the CG Code. The Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Nomination
     Committee effective from 2 January 2019. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among
     others, (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
     Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
     Company’s corporate strategy; (b) identifying individuals suitability qualified to become members of the Board
     and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
     directorships; (c) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (d) making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment and succession planning for the Directors; and (e) reviewing the policy (the “Policy”) concerning the
     diversity of the Board and the measurable objectives that the Board has adopted for implementing the Policy and
     to make the relevant disclosure on the progress of achieving those objectives in the corporate governance report
     of the Company. The Nomination Committee is comprised of two INEDs, namely Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     and Prof. Sit Wing Hang, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Kwok Chun Sing who is the chairman of the
     Nomination Committee.


     A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 March 2024: the
     members discussed matters relating to composition of the Board and make recommendation thereon to the
     Board for consideration, the diversity of the Board, the re-election of the Directors at the forthcoming annual
     general meeting, the recommendation of the measurable objectives that the Board should adopt for
     implementing the Policy as well as reviewing the independence of the INEDs.


     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
     section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Board has adopted a “Board Diversity Policy” (the “Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve diversity
     on the Board and the Nomination Committee is responsible for monitoring the implementation of the Policy. In
     assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
     factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
     educational background, or professional experience etc. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions
     which may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


     The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the Policy on an annual basis to ensure its
     continued effectiveness. The Group will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to
     senior level and engage more resources in career development and training female staff with the aim of
     promoting them to the senior management or directorship of the Company; and will continue to apply the
     principle of appointments based on merits with reference to the Policy as a whole.




42   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board places emphasis on diversity (including gender diversity) across all levels of the Group. The employee
gender ratio of the Group as at 31 March 2024 is approximately 1.8 male: 1 female. The Group when hiring
employees considers a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education
background, qualification, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service, and the
Group will make sure achieving gender diversity across the workforce. The Board considers that the gender ratio
in the workforce (including senior management) is satisfactory. Yet, the Group will still (i) periodically review
internal records on gender diversity; (ii) identify suitable female candidates for relevant positions within the
Company; and (iii) try to ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level and
engage more resources in career development and training female staff with the aim of promoting them to the
senior management or directorship of the Company. The Board will ensure that any successors to the Board shall
follow the Policy.


The Board currently comprised of 8 Directors, one of which is female. The Board is currently of the opinion that it
generally meets the diversity requirements under the GEM Listing Rules. Yet, the Board will continue to take
opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable candidates are
identified and will review the implementation and effectiveness of the Policy on an annual basis to ensure its
continued effectiveness.


During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors, to consider the qualifications of the retiring directors standing for election
at the 2024 annual general meeting, to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and to review the
Policy. In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would
consider the candidate’s character, qualifications, experience, independence and other relevant criteria necessary
to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making
recommendation to the Board.


NOMINATION POLICY

The Company has adopted nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 2 January 2019. The purpose is to
identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to the Board for appointment or to the Shareholders for election
as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall consider, among others, the following criteria in evaluating and
selecting candidates for directorships:


•    Reputation for integrity;


•    Accomplishment, experience and reputation in the relevant industry and other relevant sectors;


•    Commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company’s business;


•    Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge;


•    The ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s success;


•    Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the
     appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and

                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •      Any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Nomination Committee or the Board from time to
            time.


     Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a director shall be assessed and/or considered
     against the criteria and qualifications set out in the Nomination Policy by the Nomination Committee which shall
     recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.


     The Board will from time to time review the Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its
     continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 2 January 2019 in compliance with the
     Code Provision F.1.1 of the CG Code. It is the policy of the Company, in considering the payments of dividends
     and to allow Shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future
     growth of the Group.


     Under the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
     the Board shall take into account, inter alia:


     •      the general financial condition of the Group;


     •      capital and debt level of the Group;


     •      future cash requirements and availability for business operations, business strategies and future
            development needs;


     •      any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


     •      the general market conditions; and


     •      any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.


     The payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the
     Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and regulations and the Articles. The Policy will be reviewed
     by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in
     any specific periods.


     DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities against
     possibility of legal action to be taken against its Directors and officers. During the year ended 31 March 2024, no
     claim was made against the Directors and officers of the Company.




44   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial year which gives a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that year. The Board is not aware of
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, the Board therefore continues to adopt the going concern approach in preparing
the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the Independent
Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Group is willing
to accept in reaching its strategic objectives and to ensure that the Group has established and maintained
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.


The Group’s risk management and internal control system includes the setting up of a management structure
with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group achieve its business objectives, to protect its assets
against unauthorised use or disposition, and to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the
provision of reliable financial information and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations. These systems
are also designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate all risks of failure in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives.


During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company engaged an external independent consulting firm to assist
the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of certain of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls systems. The external independent consulting firm performed annual risk management and internal
control review of all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls of the Company. A
risk management report and an internal control review report were submitted to the Audit Committee and the
Board. Any actions and measures taken to improve risk management and internal controls on the findings and
recommendations will be followed up by the external independent consulting firm. Accordingly, the Audit
Committee and the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and such
systems have been implemented with adequate resources during the year ended 31 March 2024.


There is currently no internal audit function within the Group. The Directors have reviewed the need for an
internal audit function and are of the view that in light of the size, nature and complexity of the business of the
Group, it would be more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform internal audit
function for the Group in order to meet its needs. Nevertheless, the Directors will continue to review at least
annually the need for an internal audit function.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Main Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The key elements of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems include the establishment of a
     risk register to keep track of and record identified risks, the assessment and evaluation of risks, the development
     and continuous updating of responsive procedures, and the ongoing testing of internal control procedures to
     ensure their effectiveness.


     An ongoing risk management approach is adopted by the Company for identifying and assessing the key
     inherent risks that affect the achievements of its objectives. A risk matrix is adopted to determine the risk rating (L
     = low risk, M = medium risk, H = high risk) after evaluation of the risk by the likelihood and the impact of each
     risk event. The risk ratings reflect the level of managements, attention and risk treatment effort required.


     Process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks
     During the process of risk assessment, each risk owner of departments is required to capture and identify the key
     inherent risks that affect the achievement of its objectives. Each inherent risk is evaluated according to the risk
     matrix. After taking into consideration the risk response, such as control measures in place to mitigate the risk,
     the residual risk of each risk event will be evaluated again. The risk register with the risk responses and residual
     risks is reported to the management. The management evaluates the effectiveness of the systems and report to
     the Audit Committee and the Board. The highest category of residual risks is subject to the Board’s oversight.


     PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND
     DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     The Board has already established a policy on the internal controls procedures for the handling and
     dissemination of inside information. The policy stipulates the obligations of the Group, in respect of the
     restriction on disseminating non-public information, handling of rumours, unintentional selective disclosure,
     exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside information, and compliance and reporting procedures. Senior
     management must take all reasonable measures to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of
     any disclosure requirement from time to time, and must promptly bring any possible leakage or divulgence of
     inside information to the attention of the Company Secretary, or his delegates, who will notify the Board timely
     and accordingly for taking the appropriate action promptly. For any material violation of this policy, the Board will
     decide, or designate appropriate persons to decide the course of actions for rectifying the problem and avoiding
     recurrence. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not
     false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of
     presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative
     facts.


     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     During the year ended 31 March 2024, external auditor’s remuneration for annual audit services was
     approximately HK$0.8 million; and external auditor’s remuneration for non-audit service assignments was
     approximately HK$0.3 million, which mainly for advisory and other reporting review services. The Audit
     Committee concludes that it is satisfied with the findings of its review of the audit and non-audit services fees,
     process and effectiveness, independence and objectivity.




46   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Chu was appointed as the Company Secretary on 12 January 2022. The biographical details of Mr. Chu are
set out under the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report.
In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chu has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training during the financial year ended 31 March 2024.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting
The following procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) are subject to
the Articles (as amended from time to time), and the applicable legislation and regulation, in particular the Listing
Rules (as amended from time to time):


•    Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the
     requisition not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”)
     carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
     requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
     transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months
     after the deposit of such requisition;


•    The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) and
     deposit it to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Room
     2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, and such may
     consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitions;


•    The requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their
     shareholding, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the details of the business (es) proposed to be
     transacted in the EGM, and must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned together with a
     deposit of a sum of money reasonable sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of
     the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned in accordance with
     the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders;


•    The requisition will be verified with Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company
     and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM by
     serving sufficient notice in accordance with the requirements under the Articles to all the registered
     shareholders. On the contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order or the shareholders
     concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for the said purposes,
     the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the Board will not
     call for an EGM; and




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     •      If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the Eligible
            Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
            incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
            Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.


     Procedure by which enquires may be put to the Board
     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary in
     writing by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China
     Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


     Procedure for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meeting
     There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for shareholders to put
     forward new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request
     the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph
     heading “How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting”.


     WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

     The whistleblowing policy has been put in place for all employees and those who have business dealings with the
     Group (including customers and suppliers) to deal with concerns related to fraudulent or unethical acts or
     non-compliances with laws and the Group’s policies that have or could have significant adverse financial, legal or
     reputational impacts on the Group. They may raise concerns about the possible improprieties in any matters
     related to the Group, in person or in writing to the company secretary of the Company who shall report to the
     chairman of the Audit Committee in confidence and anonymity. The chairman of the Audit Committee shall then
     determine the course of action to pursue, with power to delegate, with respect to the report.


     ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

     The Group has formulated its own anti-corruption policy to ensure the Directors and employees within the Group
     comply with the Hong Kong Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, the Criminal Law of the PRC, the Anti-Unfair
     Competition Law of the PRC and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC, where applicable. The policy sets
     out the integrity and conduct requirements and policies or controls in place which applies to all Directors and
     employees of the Group at all levels, and external parties doing business with the Group and those acting in an
     agency or fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Group (e.g., agents, consultants and contractors). The policy is
     reviewed from time to time to ensure that it remains appropriate.




48   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INVESTOR RELATIONS

Communication with shareholders
The Board recognises the importance of good communication with all shareholders. The Company believes that
maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations.


The Company has established several communication channels, including (a) the annual and extraordinary
general meetings which provide a forum for shareholders to communicate directly with the Board; (b) printed
corporate documents mailing to shareholders; (c) announcement disseminating the latest activities of the Group
on the web-sites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and (d) the Company’s web-site providing an
electronic means of communication.


The Board will regularly review the shareholders communication policy to ensure its effectiveness. During the year
ended 31 March 2024, the Board reviewed the implementations and effectiveness of the policy and considered
that the policy remained effective and was properly implemented given the multiple channels of communication
in place during the year.


Constitutional documents
On 28 September 2023, an annual general meeting was held and shareholders’ approval was obtained to
approve the proposed amendments to the existing memorandum and articles of association of the Company and
the adoption of the amended memorandum and articles of association of the Company. For details, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated 5 September 2023 and 28 September 2023 and the circular of the
Company dated 6 September 2023. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
of the Company was effective on 9 October 2023 and is available for viewing on the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed above, there had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company
during the year ended 31 March 2024 and up to the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ABOUT THIS REPORT

     Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited (hereafter called the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, “the
     “Group” or “we”) are delighted to publish the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “ESG
     Report”) for the financial year ended 31 March 2024. This ESG Report herein focuses on providing an overview of
     the environmental and social aspects of the Group and outlines how we seek continuous improvement in our
     operational strategy in relation to our environment and society to cope with the global standards of sustainability.


     Reporting Period
     This ESG Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and social aspects
     from 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024 (the “Reporting Period” or “2023/2024”).

     Reporting Scope and Boundary
     This ESG Report discloses related policies and initiatives for the core and material business, namely the provision
     of superstructure building, and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition (“RMAA”) works services in Hong
     Kong, and also the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services. There are
     no changes in the scope and boundaries of this ESG Report from that of the ESG report of the last reporting
     period.


     This ESG Report discloses environmental key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and social KPIs of the corporate
     office (“office”), the business of the superstructure building and RMAA works projects (“construction projects”)
     and the business of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services
     (“environmental-related services”). The nature of these representative projects of the superstructure building
     and RMAA works service may differ from year to year. This ESG Report covers all of the Group’s operations, the
     Group aims to upgrade its internal data collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of the disclosure. If
     the scopes and boundaries of the specific contents vary, they are noted in the relevant sections of this ESG
     Report.


     Reporting Basis and Principle
     This ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide”
     (the “ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing
     Rules”) on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and on the basis of the four
     reporting principles – materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency:


     •      “Materiality” Principle:


            The Group determines material ESG issues by stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment. Details
            are explained in the section headed “Materiality Assessment”.




50   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    “Quantitative” Principle:


     Information is presented with quantitative measures, whenever feasible, including information on the
     standards, methodologies, assumptions used and provision of comparative data.


•    “Balance” Principle:


     This ESG Report identifies the achievements and challenges faced by the Group, which provides an
     unbiased picture of the Group’s performance.


•    “Consistency” Principle:


     Methodologies adopted for preparing this ESG Report are consistent with the last reporting period unless
     otherwise stated.


This ESG Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and reported on selected recommended
disclosures outlined in the ESG Guide.


The information contained herein is sourced from internal documents and statistics of the Group, as well as the
combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries in accordance with the
Group’s internal management systems. A complete content index is appended to the last section hereof for quick
reference. This ESG Report is prepared and published in both English and Chinese. In the event of contradiction
or inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.


Review and Approval
This ESG Report was approved by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Group on 26 June 2024, after
confirmation by the management of the Group. An electronic version of this ESG Report is available on the
HKEXnews website (www.hkexnew.hk).


Feedback
The Group respects your view on our sustainable development performance. Should you have any opinions or
suggestions, you are welcome to share them with the Group at info@evsgreenwise.com.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     INTRODUCTION

     The Group is committed to integrating ESG factors into its operations in order to create sustainable value for
     stakeholders and take up the responsibilities as a corporate citizen. To minimise the ESG risks embedded in the
     business operations, the Group maintains stringent internal control and risk management systems. We have
     implemented an integrated management system (“IMS”). The IMS comprises three standards – ISO 9001 Quality
     Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and ISO 45001 Occupational Health and
     Safety Management System. This integrated system allows us to monitor and manage ESG-related risks in an
     organised manner. In order to establish our IMS across operations in the Group, all departments are required to
     develop their own set of guidelines and are held responsible for compliance. The system is regularly audited by
     both internal and external parties and the results are reviewed by the Group’s senior management to monitor
     performance and compliance.


     As we continue our sustainability journey, performance indicators and targets that are material to our business
     will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our future reports. We will continue to strengthen
     our engagement with key stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and practices, to forge a long-term
     sustainable business.


     BOARD STATEMENT

     On behalf of the Group, our Board is pleased to present this ESG Report to report our progress in building a
     sustainable future. The Group endeavours to put the sustainable development of our business as the top priority
     of our long-term development goals, and incorporate climate-related issues and ESG elements into our
     long-term business strategic planning. As the most important leading role of the Group, the Board has the sole
     responsibility to oversee, directly manage and monitor the Group’s ESG issues and progress.


     The Group has formalised an interdepartmental ESG working group (the “ESG Working Group”) to coordinate
     different departments and enhance their cooperation, to ensure that performance is consistent and stakeholders’
     expectations can be met. We work together to realise our sustainable development goals as a team.


     We have set clear short-term and long-term sustainable development visions and goals to achieve ongoing
     emission reduction progress according to the governmental requirements of different countries and regions.
     Relevant emission reduction targets and corresponding strategies have been established and sustainable
     development factors have been incorporated into our strategic planning, business model and other
     decision-making processes. The Board regularly monitors and reviews the effectiveness of management,
     including reviewing the Group’s ESG performance and adjusting corresponding action plans, effective
     implementation of ESG practices relies on the collaboration of different departments, and following the
     recommendations given by the Stock Exchange.


     The Group strives to ensure the establishment of appropriate and effective risk management and internal control
     systems to supervise the identification and assessment of ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities, and to
     respond to the challenges and impacts of different times.


     We strive to create a better environment, looking ahead, the Board will continue to review and monitor the ESG
     performance of the Group.



52   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


ESG MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

The Board supports the Group’s commitment to fulfilling its environmental and social responsibility and has
overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management
and internal control systems are in place.


The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility of the implementation to the ESG Working Group. The
ESG Working Group is composed of senior management and core members from different departments of the
Group and is responsible for facilitating the adoption of ESG strategies and policies throughout the Group. The
ESG Working Group serves a supportive role to our Board in implementing the agreed ESG practices, targets
and strategies, conducting materiality assessments of environmental-related, and social-related risks and
assessing how the Group adapts its business in light of changes, collecting ESG data from relevant parties, and
continuous monitoring of the implementation of measures to address the Group’s ESG-related risks and
responsibilities. The ESG Working Group is also responsible for the investigation of deviations from targets and
liaises with the functional department to take prompt rectification actions. The ESG Working Group reports to the
Board on the implementation of ESG initiatives and the corresponding performance.


The Board regularly reviews the Group’s ESG performance, and examines and approves the Group’s annual ESG
report.


Governance structure




              The Board                      ESG Working Group                  Functional Department
      The Board is responsible for         The ESG Working Group is             Functional department is
      the overall decision-making,        responsible for assisting the      responsible for the execution
       oversees the formulation,            Board in managing and             of implemented measures to
          administration, and             monitoring the ESG matters           achieve the set strategies
         assessment of the ESG                  on a daily basis.                     and targets.
                system.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

     Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and success. The
     stakeholder engagement helps the Group to develop a business strategy that meets the needs and expectations
     of stakeholders, enhances the ability to identify risk and strengthens important relationships. The Group
     communicates with its stakeholders through various channels, shown as below.


                   Stakeholder                                    Communication Channel

                                           •   Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
               Government and
                                               information
             Regulatory Agencies
                                           •   Supervision and inspection

                                           •   Annual general meetings and other general meetings of shareholders
                                           •   Company website
        Shareholders and Investors         •   Press releases/announcements
                                           •   Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
                                               information

                                           •   Training
                                           •   Meetings
                    Employee
                                           •   Performance evaluation
                                           •   Survey

                                           •   Fax, email and telephone
                    Customer
                                           •   Customer satisfaction survey

                                           •   Meetings
         Suppliers/Subcontractors/
                                           •   Site visit
               Business Partners
                                           •   Survey

                                           •   ESG reports
                   Community
                                           •   Press releases/announcements




54   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The Group has identified ESG issues that have potential or actual impact on its sustainable development from
various sources, such as issues identified in internal policies, industry trends and the industry materiality map by
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). The ESG issues have been analysed with reference to an
array of factors, including the Group’s overall strategy, development, and goals and targets.

The Group has conducted a materiality assessment to rate the identified ESG issues that are pertinent to its
business and stakeholders, and their respective levels of impact. The issues that fall within the top right-hand
quadrant have relatively higher significance to both stakeholders and the Group’s business. The Group will
continue to improve its reporting process based on the assessment. The assessment results are shown below:

                                                                            Materiality Matrix



                                                                                                                               10




                LEVEL OF INFLUENCE ON STAKEHOLDERS’
                                                                                                                  14      12



                                                                                                             11
                                                                                        15
                                                                                             2




                      ASSESSMENTS & DECISIONS
                                                                                    9                    4
                                                                                                 13



                                                                                                         6
                                                                                        8                          5


                                                                                7
                                                                        1

                                                                   16       3




                                                      LEVEL OF SIGNIFICANCE OF ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL & SOCIAL IMPACTS


1       Air emissions                                                                   9             Employment
2       Greenhouse gas emissions                                                        10            Occupational health and safety
3       Hazardous waste                                                                 11            Development and training
4       Non-hazardous waste                                                             12            Labour standards
5       Energy consumption                                                              13            Supply chain management
6       Water consumption                                                               14            Product and service responsibility
7       Environment and natural resources                                               15            Anti-corruption
8       Climate change                                                                  16            Community investment




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL

     Overview
     The Group endeavours to minimise any adverse impact on the environment resulting from its business activities.
     The Group had implemented an environmental management system which was certified to be in compliance with
     the standard required under ISO 14001:2015. Apart from following the environmental protection policies
     formulated and required by customers, the Group has also established the Environmental Policy to ensure proper
     management of environmental protection and compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both our
     employees and workers of the subcontractors, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal. The
     Group’s Environmental Policy specifies the guidelines for protecting the environment in various aspects. During
     the Reporting Period, in recognition of the Group’s emphasis on green management practices and contributions
     to environmental protection, the environmental-related services business was honoured as Hong Kong Green
     Organisation by the Environmental Campaign Committee.


     Emissions
     The Group’s businesses are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws and regulations
     in Hong Kong such as Air Pollution Control Ordinance, Noise Control Ordinance, Water Pollution Control
     Ordinance and Waste Disposal Ordinance, Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A breach of these
     ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. The Group ensures its
     compliance with relevant laws and regulations through measures described in the following sections. During the
     Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


     Air Emissions
     As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works services and
     reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services to customers, there are no significant air
     emissions from stationary sources and dust in the sites of operation, we adopt appropriate dust reduction
     measures to further eliminate any air pollutants emissions by water spraying and maintaining ventilation.


     The air pollutants are mainly emitted from the fuel consumption of mobile vehicles, including nitrogen oxides
     (“NOx”), sulphur oxides (“SOx”) and particulate matter (“PM”). To manage the emissions from vehicles, all
     vehicles are under frequent and regular checks and maintenance to enhance fuel consumption efficiency, ensure
     road safety and keep emissions at their minimum. Also, idling the engine of vehicles is prohibited.




56   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Compared to the baseline year, the NOx, SOx and PM emissions recorded 5%, 44% and 7% increase respectively
during the Reporting Period. The increase was attributable to the increase in the number of vehicles during the
Reporting Period. Going forward, we have set a reduction target to reduce each type of air emissions by 50% of
the level of the baseline year ended 31 March 2023 in the financial year ended 31 March 2035. The Group will
continue to monitor and record air emissions, enhance related data collection systems and develop targets and
reduction plans when appropriate.


                                                                                          2023/2024      2022/20231
Air Emissions                                                                                   kg                 kg


Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
  – Office                                                                                     0.95                 –
  – Construction Projects                                                                      0.41             33.24
  – Environmental-related Services                                                           115.32             77.64


Total NOx Emissions                                                                          116.68           110.88

Sulphur oxides (SOx)
  – Office                                                                                     0.03                 –
  – Construction Projects                                                                      0.01              0.06
  – Environmental-related Services                                                             0.19              0.10


Total SOx Emissions                                                                            0.23              0.16

Particulate matter (PM)
  – Office                                                                                     0.07                 –
  – Construction Projects                                                                      0.03              3.06
  – Environmental-related Services                                                            11.32              7.66


Total PM Emissions                                                                            11.42             10.72




1    No relevant data for the vehicle usage in office during the last reporting period.

                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Greenhouse Gas Emissions
     Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) generated from human activities is one of the significant drivers of global warming
     which affects the lives of the present and future generation. Therefore, the Group is highly concerned about the
     importance of monitoring and mitigating the GHG emissions in our operations.


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s GHG emissions intensity was approximately 0.33 tonnes of carbon
     dioxide equivalent (“tonnes CO2-e”) per million HK$ revenue, which decreased by 37%, as compared to the
     baseline year. The decrease in total GHG emissions was attributable to the significant decrease in electricity
     consumption in the construction projects and less generator usage on sites during the Reporting Period, as the
     job nature of the construction projects required less electricity and generator usage when compared to the last
     reporting period, which contributed to lower Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions.


     Going forward, we have set a target to reduce GHG emissions intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year
     ended 31 March 2023 in the financial year ended 31 March 2035. The Group will continue improving its GHG
     emissions reduction measures and disclose relevant results where appropriate.


     Our Group has implemented an array of measures in mitigating the GHG emissions, including but not limited to
     the following:


     •      Switching to electric vehicles (“EV”) instead of traditional gasoline or diesel vehicles and installing
            EV-charging stations at our workplace;


     •      Promoting the use of battery energy storage system, which is a more environmentally friendly energy
            storage system that adopts EV battery recycling technology, to replace the use of conventional diesel
            generators at construction sites;


     •      Performing periodic maintenance of our vehicles to reduce pollution and emission;


     •      Replacing old retired vehicles with low-emission vehicles where applicable;


     •      Switching off all electronic equipment/mobile machinery when they are not in operation;


     •      Using more energy-efficient lighting products, such as LED lighting;


     •      Conducting proper and regular maintenance of equipment to keep their efficiency and reduce energy
            consumption; and


     •      Maintaining indoor temperature at 25 degrees Celsius or above to reduce unnecessary use of energy.




58   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                                                      2023/2024              2022/20232
GHG Emissions                                                                                      tonnes CO2-e          tonnes CO2-e


Scope 13
    – Office                                                                                                   4.87                      –
    – Construction Projects                                                                                    1.92                78.82
    – Environmental-related Services                                                                         32.17                 17.04


Scope 1 Total                                                                                                38.96                 95.86


Scope 24
    – Office                                                                                                 23.98                 28.79
    – Construction Projects                                                                                  49.21                 65.52
    – Environmental-related Services                                                                         37.20                 20.71


Scope 2 Total                                                                                              110.39                 115.02


Total GHG Emissions (tonnes CO2-e)                                                                         149.35                 210.88
GHG Emissions Intensity (tonnes CO2-e per million HK$ revenue)                                                 0.33                  0.53




2      No relevant data for Scope 1 GHG emissions generated by the office during the last reporting period.
3      Scope 1: The direct emissions from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emissions from the Group’s
       fossil fuel combustion.
4      Scope 2: The energy indirect emissions from the purchased electricity consumption by the Group.


                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s GHG inventory principally comprised of Scope 1 and Scope 2
     emissions, with Scope 2 contributing more than Scope 1.

                                                GHG Emissions by Scope in tonnes CO2-e



                                           38.96               110.39

                       2023/2024




                                                95.86                            115.02

                       2022/2023
                                                                                                               250




                                    0               50             100             150           200           250
                                                         Scope 1                 Scope 2


     Considering the sources, the Group’s GHG emissions mainly from the environmental-related services account for
     about 46% of the total GHG emissions during the Reporting Period.

                                                GHG Emissions by Source in tonnes CO2-e


                                        28.85       51.13                69.37

                       2023/2024




                                        28.79                  144.34                        37.75

                       2022/2023




                                    0               50             100             150           200           250
                                    Office          Construction projects          Environmental‐related services


     Hazardous and Non-hazardous Wastes Management
     The Group’s waste is mainly generated from construction projects, which are non-hazardous construction wastes,
     and the Group’s operations did not generate material hazardous waste during the Reporting Period. The Group
     acknowledges possible environmental impacts of waste generated during the course of its operations such as site
     clearance, excavation works, and construction and fitting out works. The Group strives to mitigate environmental
     impacts by adopting the right waste management strategy, prioritising avoidance and minimisation of waste
     generation, reuse of materials, recovery and recycling. We strictly abide by the Waste Disposal (Charges for
     Disposal of Construction Waste) Regulation for handling any construction waste from projects.



60   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In accordance with the Construction Waste Management Plan of BEAM Plus requirement, a waste management
system was in place to guide proper sorting, recycling and disposal of construction materials. Measures are
implemented for the construction projects, such as placing recycling bins to collect recyclable waste as well as
recycling and reusing construction materials when applicable. We maintain proper records of waste materials with
routine inspection and reporting systems. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of a significant
number of hazardous wastes generated in the sites of operation and the office.


During the Reporting Period, the intensity of non-hazardous waste production was recorded a 70% decrease, as
compared to the baseline year. The decrease in total non-hazardous waste generated was attributable to the
significant decrease in the construction projects during the Reporting Period.


Despite the fact that the nature of construction projects may differ every year, the data could hardly be compared
directly. The Group still strives to reduce waste intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March
2023 in the financial year ended 31 March 2035. The Group will continue improving its waste reduction measures
and disclose relevant results where appropriate.


                                                                                    2023/2024           2022/2023
Waste                                                                                   Tonnes             Tonnes


Total Non-hazardous Waste Produced                                                      798.09            2,344.00
Intensity of Non-hazardous Waste Produced
  (tonnes per million HK$ revenue)                                                         1.76                5.85



Effluents
As the sites of operation involve the generation of construction runoff and sewage, the Group takes appropriate
measures to avoid contamination and blockage of public drains and sewers in accordance with the Sewage
Services Ordinance. The wastewater treatment system is established to remove suspended solids contained in
concrete washings and site runoff. Inspection and maintenance of the system are conducted regularly. In
addition, water consumption is minimised through utilising site runoff for dust suppression.


Use of Resources
The major use of resources of the Group includes energy, water and other construction materials.
Resource-saving is recognised as one of the key considerations in operations as stated in the Environmental
Policy.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Energy
     During the Reporting Period, the types of energy used by the Group comprise diesel, petrol and purchased
     electricity, similar to the last reporting period. During the Reporting Period, the total energy consumption
     intensity recorded a decrease of 33%, as compared to the baseline year. The decrease in total energy
     consumption was mainly attributable to the significant decrease in both direct (i.e. diesel consumption) and
     indirect energy consumption (i.e. purchased electricity) for the construction projects. The decrease in diesel and
     petrol consumption and energy consumption by machines was due to the difference in the job nature of
     construction projects conducted by the Group in 2023/2024 and 2022/2023.


     We have set a target to reduce the energy consumption intensity by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended
     31 March 2023 in the financial year ended 31 March 2035. As mentioned above, the Group has implemented an
     array of measures in reducing energy consumption. For details of the energy consumption reduction measures,
     please refer to the section headed “Greenhouse Gas Emissions” in this ESG Report. Going forward, the Group
     will continue to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data collection systems and develop
     targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


                                                                                                              2023/2024                2022/20235
     Energy Consumption                                                                                              MWh                    MWh


     Direct Energy Consumption6
         – Office                                                                                                    17.69                     –
         – Construction Projects                                                                                     68.49                 319.35
         – Environmental-related Services                                                                          124.87                   67.45


     Total Direct Energy Consumption                                                                               211.05                  386.80


     Indirect Energy Consumption7
         – Office                                                                                                    36.34                  56.48
         – Construction Projects                                                                                   126.19                  123.96
         – Environmental-related Services                                                                            95.37                  53.10


     Total Indirect Energy Consumption                                                                             257.90                  233.54


     Total Energy Consumption                                                                                      468.95                  620.34
     Energy Consumption Intensity (MWh per million HK$ revenue)                                                       1.04                   1.55




     5      No relevant data for direct energy consumption in the office during the last reporting period.
     6      Direct energy consumption includes the energy consumption from the fossil fuel consumption, including diesel and petrol.
     7      Indirect energy consumption includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.


62   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Water
The water resource is also realised as a precious resource. In order to reduce the use of freshwater, the Group
encourages the reuse and recycling of water in sites of construction projects, for example, the sewage is reused
for dust suppression. Also, water-saving measures have been implemented in the office, for example, water
wastage phenomenon is prohibited, water leakage, breakage or other potential damage of water pipes are
regularly inspected and identified and water-saving education and ideas of water-saving are continuously
promoted among our employees. The Group does not consume other natural water resources such as surface
water or underground water. Water was supplied by third parties, therefore, there was no issue in sourcing water.


The Group are committed to achieving water conservation under the principles of saving, purifying and recycling:


•    Any water wastage phenomenon is prohibited;
•    Water used for washing hands or fruit is used to flush the toilet;
•    Any water leakage, breakage or other potential damage to water pipes is regularly inspected and identified;
•    Meter reading is checked constantly for revealing any hidden leakage phenomena;
•    Water-saving education and ideas of water-saving are continuously promoted among our employees.


During the Reporting Period, the water consumption intensity increased significantly when compared with the
baseline year. The increase in water consumption of the Group was attributable to the environmental-related
business acquired in the last reporting period that was in full operation during the Reporting Period. Also, there
was a kick-start of a new construction project during the Reporting Period, which require more water usage. We
have set a reduction target to reduce water consumption by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31
March 2023 in the financial year ended 31 March 2035. Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and
record water consumption, enhance related data collection systems and develop targets and reduction plans
when appropriate.


                                                                                                        2023/2024               2022/2023
Water Consumption8                                                                                                 m³                    m³


Total Water Consumption                                                                                  12,935.00                6,747.00
Water Consumption Intensity (m3 per million HK$ revenue)                                                       28.61                  16.83




8    It includes the water consumption in the business of construction projects and environmental-related services only. For the water usage in
     the office, relevant water consumption fees are included in the rental fees, therefore the figures disclosed have excluded the water
     consumption in the office.


                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Construction Material
     We were aware that the construction sector is a major consumer of timber from rainforests. The Group strived to
     create an environmentally friendly corporate image through sustainable timber sourcing. Aligned with the BEAM
     Plus requirement, virgin forest products are not used for temporary works during construction. All timber used for
     the projects were in compliance with Forest Stewardship Council standards or certified by the American Forest
     and Paper Association before being purchased or recycled from other sites. We employed such an approach to
     better conserve valuable forests and habitats.


     Packaging Material
     As the Group’s operations mainly focus on the provision of superstructure building and RMAA works services and
     reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services, no packaging material consumption can
     be identified during the Reporting Period.


     The Environment and Natural Resources
     As established in its Environmental Policy and Integrated Management System (“IMS”) Policy, the Group strives
     to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s operation does
     make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group implements a
     range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with applicable
     environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which balances the
     need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


     The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
     targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving the
     utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
     environment and natural resources. The details of measures are illustrated in the sections headed “Emission” and
     “Use of Resources”.


     Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry codes of practice such
     as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.


     Climate Change
     The climate has been changing gradually over the last decades and the situation continues to deteriorate. We
     experienced extreme weather, such as strong winds and heavy rainfall, as well as tides and floods more
     frequently. This is due to human attitudes, habits and the rapid development of society, which is overly
     dependent on high carbon consumption. In the long run, it is expected that the earth’s resources will be
     exhausted. Therefore, countries around the world are discussing measures to address this issue. According to the
     Paris Agreement, which was finalised at the global conference in 2016, governments and corporate groups are
     required to achieve “net-zero” carbon emissions by 2050.




64   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Our Group has set a business sustainability vision for 2035 to contribute to a healthy and sustainable
environment. The Group has considered the potential climate-related risks and opportunities in respect of the
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”), in which potential
physical risks and transition risks from climate change may pose adverse financial impacts on the Group’s
businesses. Acute physical risk can arise from extreme weather conditions such as flooding and storms and
chronic physical risk can arise from sustained elevated temperature, while transition risk may result from a change
in climate-related regulations, emerging technology or shift in customer preferences.


We are committed to complying with all relevant laws, regulations and requirements, and do our best to achieve
the industry’s climate mitigation and climate change adaptation targets; to increase resources to strengthen the
ability to cope with the nature of existing or future climate change and the impact of natural hazards; to increase
employee awareness of climate change, training, outreach and education to enhance employee knowledge of
climate change and to facilitate the pace of carbon neutrality. The Group has set a vision to reduce the intensity
of the use of carbon-related energy sources by 50% of the level of the baseline year ended 31 March 2023 in the
financial year ended 31 March 2035, in line with environmental targets.


Our Group strives to enhance data matching measures to reduce high GHG emissions and energy consumption
in the construction process, relevant departments are required to select low-carbon but energy-efficient materials
and products in the procurement process, and strengthen cooperation with companies that comply with relevant
legislation and fulfill and practice supply chain responsibility to achieve the target. We would regularly assess the
risk of climate change with reference to relevant international and local certification standards and update
corresponding measures, regularly identify and assess the probability of climate induced or exacerbated social
crises, earth data, and countermeasures to achieve effective hazard mitigation, also to maintain and strengthen
communication and partnership with government, industry leaders and policy makers to develop construction
policies, approaches and innovations to move towards low carbon economy.


The newly acquired business of environmental-related services by the Group may potentially provide
climate-related opportunities to the Group. The environmental-related service business might be conducive for
the Group to develop and/or expand to low emission goods and services, which could bring positive impacts to
the Group such as increase revenue through demand for sustainable services and reputational benefits resulting
in increased demand for the services.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The potential climate-related risks and opportunities in respect of the recommendations of the TCFD are
     recognises below:


                                                                         Short       Medium    Long
                                                                         (current    (one to   (four to
                                                Potential                Reporting   three     ten        Mitigation
      Risk Type          Risks                  Financial Impact         Period)     years)    years)     Strategy

      Physical           • Extreme weather      • Reduce revenue         √           √                    • Establish adverse
      Risks                conditions such as     from business due                                         weather condition
                           flooding and           to business and                                           policy
                           typhoon                supply chain
                                                  disruptions                                             • Maintain or expand the
                                                                                                            supplier base to avoid
                                                • Serious damage to                                         disruption
                                                  assets, such as
                                                  those on sites or in
                                                  the buildings

                         • Sustained            • Increase in                                  √          • Adopt energy
                           elevated               business operating                                        conservation measures
                           temperature            costs                                                     to avoids
                                                                                                            overconsumption of
                                                                                                            natural resources


                                                                                                          • Select low-carbon but
                                                                                                            energy-efficient
                                                                                                            materials and products
                                                                                                            in the procurement
                                                                                                            process

      Transition         • Changes in           • Higher operating                   √         √          • Adopt energy
      Risks                environmental-         costs to comply                                           conservation measures
                           related                with more                                                 to reduce emissions
                           regulations            stringent
                                                  regulations                                             • Continue to monitor
                                                                                                            the regulatory
                                                                                                            environment to ensure
                                                                                                            that the Group
                                                                                                            complies with the
                                                                                                            environmental-related
                                                                                                            laws and regulations
                                                                                                            such as restriction on
                                                                                                            the use of certain
                                                                                                            materials, product
                                                                                                            origin, etc.




66   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                          Short       Medium    Long
                                                          (current    (one to   (four to
                                   Potential              Reporting   three     ten        Mitigation
Risk Type    Risks                 Financial Impact       Period)     years)    years)     Strategy

Transition   • Emerging            • Higher operating                 √         √          • Encourages our
Risks          technologies          costs to adopt new                                      employees to attend
                                     practices or                                            conferences and/or
                                     technologies                                            training to keep it
                                                                                             abreast with the latest
                                                                                             developments of
                                                                                             technologies in
                                                                                             construction and
                                                                                             environmental-related
                                                                                             service such as use of
                                                                                             bio-based or
                                                                                             renewable materials

             • Shift in consumer   • Reduce demand                              √          • Adhere to the Group’s
               preference to         for construction                                        sustainable
               products and          and                                                     development concept,
               services              environmental-                                          and adapt
               incorporating         related services,                                       environmentally
               more                  decrease                                                friendly concept into its
               environmentally-      competitiveness                                         operations, and
               friendly concept      and create adverse                                      commit to produce
                                     impact on                                               high-quality services
                                     revenues                                                and related products
                                                                                             to meet the
                                                                                             expectations of
                                                                                             consumers and the
                                                                                             market




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                          Short       Medium    Long
                                                                          (current    (one to   (four to
      Opportunity                              Potential                  Reporting   three     ten        Realization
      Type               Opportunities         Financial Impact           Period)     years)    years)     Strategy

      Products and       Development and/or    • Increase revenue                     √         √          • Continue to research
      Services              expansion of low     through demand                                              and develop the quality
                            emission goods       for sustainable                                             of sustainable energy
                            and services         products                                                    products and services
                                                                                                             to further expand the
                                               • Increase capital                                            market and increase
                                                 availability (e.g., as                                      demand such as
                                                 more investors                                              extended lifetime of
                                                 favor                                                       products
                                                 lower-emissions
                                                 producers)


                                               • Reputational
                                                 benefits resulting
                                                 in increase
                                                 demand for
                                                 goods/services


     SUBJECT AREA B: SOCIAL

     Employment and Labour Practices
     Employment
     The Group believes that employees are the most important asset of the company. As the business grows, the
     Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talent. The Group strictly abides by the
     Employment Ordinance, Employments’ Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Construction
     Workers Registration Ordinance and Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. A breach of these
     ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. Employees can report
     any suspected violations of laws and regulations related to employment and labour practices through an email
     address which was established to handle complaints and potential non-compliance cases. It can only be accessed
     by top management and board members. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any
     non-compliance case in this regard. The Group has established the Human Resources Management Policy and
     other related guidelines, which set out the details on remuneration, dismissal, recruitment, promotion, working
     hours, rest periods, diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination.




68   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration and Dismissal
To attract and retain talent, the Group provides a competitive remuneration package to employees including
salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group determines employee salaries based on each
employee’s qualifications, position and seniority. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the
performance of employees, which forms the basis of decisions with respect to salary raises, bonuses and
promotions. For voluntary resignation, an exit interview is conducted with the resigned employee so the Group
would understand the reason and continue to improve human resource management.


Recruitment and Promotion
The Group recruits talent in a fair, impartial and open manner, with reference to factors such as the employees’
experience, qualifications and expertise required for the business operations. The Group endeavours to use its
best effort to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group assesses the
available human resources on a continuous basis and will determine whether additional personnel are required to
cope with the business development of the Group.


The Group recognises the importance of the development and growth of employees. The promotion of
employees is based on performance appraisals. On a regular basis, performance appraisals are conducted
between the management of employees, evaluating employees’ performance regarding work attitude, technical
skills, interpersonal skills etc.


Working Hours and Rest Periods
The Group is dedicated to providing reasonable working hours and rest periods for employees. All employees
are entitled to General Holidays as announced in the Hong Kong SAR Government Gazette each year. In addition
to General Holidays, employees are entitled to annual leave, maternity leave, sick leave and compassionate leave.


Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination
The Group is committed to ensuring that the work environment it provides is free from harassment, discrimination
and any behaviour that damage to productivity. The management of each department is responsible for
formulating and implementing the Group’s working environment policy, which contains the standards in this
regard.


Employee Benefit and Welfare
According to the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, the Group provides various benefits and welfare
to the employees. The Group participates in the defined contribution scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance which is available to its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions
to the MPF Scheme by the Group and employees are made based on a percentage of employees’ basic salaries.
The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed to the MPF Scheme. The
Group also provides medical insurance, compensation insurance and monetary awards, such as discretionary
bonuses, to employees.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Workforce9
     As at 31 March                                                                                           2023/2024         2022/2023


     By Gender
         – Male                                                                                                            29         36
         – Female                                                                                                          16         15


     By Age Group
         – Below 30                                                                                                         5          5
         – 30 – 50                                                                                                         31         35
         – Above 50                                                                                                         9         11


     By Employee Type
         – Full Time                                                                                                       45         50
         – Part Time                                                                                                        –          1


     By Geographical Region
         – Hong Kong                                                                                                       45         51


     Total                                                                                                                 45         51




     Employee Turnover Rate (%)9
                                                                                                              2023/2024         2022/2023


     By Gender
         – Male                                                                                                            55         47
         – Female                                                                                                          25         87


     By Age Group
         – Below 30                                                                                                        20         80
         – 30 – 50                                                                                                         35         17
         – Above 50                                                                                                        89        182


     By Geographical Region
         – Hong Kong                                                                                                       44         59


     Overall                                                                                                               44         59




     9       The employment statistics includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.


70   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Health and Safety
The Group has stated in its Safety and Health Policy Statement its commitment to creating a healthy and safe
working environment for its employees and subcontractors. The Group has adopted an occupational health and
safety management system in accordance with the requirement of ISO 45001:2018 accreditation and has in place
various policies and procedures to maintain health and safety in the workplace.


Safety Organisation
The Group has established a Company Safety Management Committee and Site Safety Committee with clearly
defined responsibilities. The former is responsible for developing, reviewing and revising the Group’s Safety and
Health Policy and regularly monitoring the proper implementation of a safety management system. The latter
provides and improves safety at work on-site and shall be able to participate in the making and monitoring of
arrangements for safety at the workplace.


Health and Safety Measures
In order to provide a safe and healthy working environment for our employees and subcontractors and to ensure
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong. For construction projects, a safety plan is
implemented at the commencement and during the implementation period of each project and conducts a
hazard analysis. The safety officer conducts site visits regularly to ensure the workers have taken all necessary
safety precaution measures. Some key measures are implemented in the sites of operations of construction
projects and environmental-related services business as follows:


–    All new workers receive the required personal protective equipment;


–    All new workers must attend introduction training prior to work commencement;


–    Contractors with the best safety performance are nominated monthly;


–    Safety Notices will be posted in the conspicuous places and a safety promotion luncheon is organised on a
     regular basis to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and workers;


–    The Safety Model Worker Award Scheme has been established to raise the safety awareness of employees;


–    Establish fire emergency plan and fire drill is organised for dry seasons; and


–    Formulate safety policies for operating equipment and machines.


During the Reporting Period, in recognition of our emphasis on work safety, the Group was awarded
Occupational Safety and Health Star Enterprise and Outstanding Safety Performance Award by the Occupational
Safety and Health Council.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Monitoring System
     Regular meetings are held for directors, safety officers and site supervisors to share the latest information and
     good practices with respect to safety. In the event of the occurrence of incidents and near misses, prompt
     corrections will be taken by following the emergency preparedness and response procedure. A follow-up
     investigation will be carried out to find out the root causes of the case(s) and prevent the re-occurrence of similar
     case(s). Apart from routine safety inspections, regular safety walks by senior management and Occupational
     Health and Safety (“OHS”) audits are conducted on all construction sites to verify the sufficiency and
     effectiveness of safety control measures.


     Safety Training
     The Group recognises safety training as one of the important elements in preventing workplace injuries.
     Therefore, the Group will identify the safety training needs of workers and employees, and safety training courses
     will be provided by external training bodies (such as the Construction Industry Council) for workers and
     employees. Training courses include but are not limited to:


               Course Category                          Description                               Audience

                                           Improve safety management                Senior project manager and site
      Safety Management Course
                                           technique                                agent

                                           Provide the assessor with techniques     Risk assessment team members
                                           of risk assessment to assist the
      Risk Assessment Course
                                           preparing safe systems of work and
                                           good safety practices

                                           Improve their safety supervision and     Front line supervisory staff (e.g. Site
      Safety Supervisor Course
                                           accident prevention technique            agent, foreman etc.)

                                           Enrich the basic safety knowledge of     All workers
      Basic Safety Training Course
                                           workers

                                           Introduce the site condition and         All new employee
      Safety Induction Course
                                           safety arrangement of the company

                                           Focus on relevant hazards of             All workers
                                           different works such as site
                                           formation and metal works, to
      Trade Training
                                           provide safety knowledge to the
                                           workers when working in high-risk
                                           activities

                                           Educate employees on risks and           All workers
      Toolbox Talk                         precautions relating to their roles in
                                           the sites of operations




72   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong relating to providing a safe
working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardous, including but not limited to the
Occupational Safety Ordinance, Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance, and follows the Codes of
Practice and Guidance Notes published by the Labour Department and relevant guidelines published by the
Construction Industry Council. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including
fine and imprisonment.


The Group’s safety department has made an effort in enhancing employees’ and site workers’ safety awareness
and reduce the frequency of occurrence of such incidents, for example, increased the frequency of inspection
and prepared safety inspection reports accordingly. The Group will continue to review the existing occupational
health and safety management system and elevate the safety awareness of the employees and subcontractors.
Our safety performance is as follows:


Safety Performance
As at 31 March                                                                      2023/2024             2022/202310             2021/2022


Fatality
     • Number of fatalities                                                                      0                     0                    0


Lost Days
     • Number of working days lost due to injuries                                               0                   648                  399


Accident Cases
     • Number of reported injuries (reportable cases)                                            0                     4                    9



Development and Training
The Group respects the people-oriented principle and regards the employee as the utmost important asset.
Attaching importance to cultivating and developing talents are the drivers for the continuous improvement of the
Group and the key to the success of its future business.


The Group provides various types of training to employees and sponsors them to attend various training courses,
including those on occupational health and safety in relation to construction work and environmental related
services. Such training courses include internal training as well as courses organised by external parties such as
the Construction Industry Council and the Occupational Safety and Health Council.




10      One of the reported injuries occurred in 2021/2022, and the said injury case has spanned from the 2021/2022 to the 2022/2023.



                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Training highlights in the Reporting Period
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had 14% of the total number of employees who received training and
     they received 56 hours of training. The percentage of employees receiving training for the years ended 31 March
     are as follows:


     Percentage of employees receiving training11                                                              2023/2024              2022/2023
                                                                                                                           %                    %


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                                          80                   44
          – Female                                                                                                        20                   56


     By Employee Category
          – Senior Management or above                                                                                    40                   22
          – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                              40                   11
          – General Staff                                                                                                 20                   67


     Overall                                                                                                              14                   18



     The corresponding average training hours per employee for the years ended 31 March are as follows:


     Average training hours11                                                                                  2023/2024              2022/2023
                                                                                                                     hours/                 hours/
                                                                                                                employee               employee


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                                         1.7                   0.6
          – Female                                                                                                       0.5                   1.6
     By Employee Category
          – Senior Management or above                                                                                   8.0                   1.6
          – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                             0.6                   0.2
          – General Staff                                                                                                0.6                   1.5


     Overall                                                                                                             1.2                   0.9




     11      The training data for the Reporting Period includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.

74   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Labour Standards
The Group prohibits the employment of child labour, forced labour and illegal labour as stipulated in its
Employee Handbook. The Group considers the risk of incidents of child or forced labour in terms of our business
activities and operating locations to be not significant. The Group has implemented the following measures to
prevent child labour or illegal immigrants/workers during recruitment:


1.    Human resources and administrative officers inspect and take a copy of the original of his/her Hong Kong
      identity card and/or other documentary evidence showing that he/she is lawfully employable in Hong Kong.


2.    The subcontracting agreement contains a clause whereby subcontractors are required to hire only people
      who are lawfully employable to work on-site and to prevent any illegal worker to enter the site.


3.    Foremen are responsible for inspecting the personal identification document of each worker and shall
      refuse any person who does not possess proper personal identification documents from entering the site.


The Group strictly abides by the Employment Ordinance and section 38A of the Immigration Ordinance. A breach
of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. If violations of
laws and regulations such as child labour and forced labour are found, the Group will take countermeasures
timely in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and will stringently follow up on these violations, such as
immediately terminate the contract, ascertain the causes of such irregular employment and accountabilities of
relevant staff to eliminate such practices. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any
non-compliance case relating to child labour, forced labour and illegal immigrant labour.


Operating Practices
Supply Chain Management
The Group places emphasis on its supply chain management. In addition to improving cost competitiveness, the
Group also values the sustainability of its supply chain. The Group supports the purchase of environmentally
friendly products to minimise the environmental impact caused by its business operations. Also, the Group would
consider the awareness of occupational health and safety during the supplier selection. During the Reporting
Period, the Group has a total of 104 (2022/2023: 228) suppliers and subcontractors, which 1 of them located in the
United States and the remaining are located in Hong Kong.


Procurement practices
As stated in the Code of Conduct, it is necessary to be objective, fair and ethical when purchasing materials or
services. Procurement decisions should be made according to price, quality, delivery capacity, service reputation
and integrity, etc.


The Group’s Supplier/Subcontractor Management Policy outlines our general procurement procedure for
suppliers and subcontractors. To manage the environmental and social risks of our supply chain, we conduct
assessments of our suppliers and subcontractors based on their environmental and social performance. The
details of the practices are as follows.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   75
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group maintains an approved list of suppliers or subcontractors, which are selected based on their
     experience, qualifications, quality of work, reputation in the industry, capability, price competitiveness, credit–
     worthiness and their safety and environmental records. Suppliers with more environmentally friendly practices and
     high-quality standards would be more favorable. Furthermore, in some projects, certain works which required
     specific skill sets including curtain wall installation, lifts and escalators installation and electrical and mechanical
     works, required to be carried out by the subcontractors nominated by customers.


     The approved list will be reviewed and updated from time to time according to the performance of suppliers and
     subcontractors. To evaluate the performance of all suppliers and subcontractors, we conduct supplier and
     subcontractor performance evaluations regularly based on a list of criteria. If the supplier or subcontractor is
     considered unqualified upon the evaluation, it will be removed from the approved list.


     Subcontractor management for construction projects
     In order to closely monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to ensure that the subcontractors comply
     with the contractual requirements and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group requires subcontractors to
     follow its internal control measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental compliance.


     During project implementation, the project team regularly meets with subcontractors and closely monitors their
     performance and work progress as well as their compliance with the Group’s safety measures and quality
     standards.


     For further information regarding the Group’s measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental
     compliance of subcontractors, please refer to the sections headed “Product Responsibility”, “Health and Safety”
     and “Subject Area A: Environmental”.


     In addition, depending on agreements with subcontractors, the Group may hold up a certain percentage of each
     interim payment made to our subcontractors as retention money, such that if the subcontractors fail to deliver the
     works or rectify any defects in a timely manner, any expenses or losses induced can be deducted from the
     retention money held from our subcontractors.


     Product Responsibility
     The Group has established Quality Policy and various internal control procedures, showing the Group’s
     commitment regarding the safety and quality management of its projects and services and the protection of
     customer’s privacy.


     Quality management of construction projects
     Quality management is the key to maintaining the safety of our projects and services. To maintain consistent
     quality and safety of services for customers, the Group has established a formal quality management system
     which is certified to be in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015. The Group has in-house quality
     assurance requirements that conform to the ISO 9001:2015 quality standards specifying, among other things,
     specific work procedures for performing different types of site works, management process, responsibilities of
     personnel of different levels, tendering process, cost control, project planning, project management and
     supervision, quality inspection procedures and standards, subcontracting requirements and accident reporting
     and complaints. Workers and subcontractors are required to follow such procedures.




76   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Quality control of construction projects
The Group’s quality management system is contained in its project quality plan which sets out the steps to be
carried out throughout the building works process from the pre-construction stage to the maintenance stage.


To ensure that the works meet the required standard,


1.   A full-time foreman is assigned at each of the construction sites as the first line of monitoring the quality of
     work done by the Group’s own staff or subcontractors.


2.   Project manager visits the construction sites to monitor the work quality, and the progress of work and
     ensures that works are completed according to schedule.


3.   The Group’s Executive Directors, who closely monitor the progress of each project, communicate with the
     project management teams closely and discuss issues identified, to ensure the building works:


     •     meet customers’ requirements


     •     are completed within the time stipulated in the contract and the budget allocated for the project


     •     comply with all relevant codes and regulations applicable to the works


Quality control of materials
The quality of purchased materials is closely monitored. To ensure the quality of supplies, prior to ordering,
quantity surveyors will ensure that the materials are sourced from approved suppliers to ensure the overall quality
of supplies.


Upon the arrival of the ordered materials, all materials are sent directly to the relevant work sites for inspection by
foremen before utilisation. During the inspection, the designated personnel will check (i) whether the quantity is
correct; and (ii) whether there are any observable defects. Any defective materials or materials that fall short of
the product specifications will be returned to the suppliers for replacement. Customers would also inspect the
materials used by us at project sites and verify the specifications from time to time.


Quality Management of environmental-related services
The Group is concerned with the quality and safety of the environmental-related service and hence quality
management has been carried out. To maintain consistent quality and safety of services for customers, the Group
has established a formal quality management system which is certified to be in compliance with the requirements
of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 45001, and was awarded the qualifications such as the disposal license for REE
(i.e. regulated electrical equipment, including washing machines, televisions, computers, printers, scanners and
monitors), the Chemical Waste Disposal License and the Chemical Waste Transportation and Export License by
the Environmental Protection Department of Hong Kong, which allow the Group to provide one-stop waste
management.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   77
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Customer satisfaction
     The Group is committed to providing efficient and cordial services, always ensuring satisfactory customer
     satisfaction. We provide customers with information including price, business capabilities and product
     characteristics that are clear and authentic. No misstatement or exaggeration for our product and services.


     As stipulated in the IMS manual, the Group monitors the quality performance of its businesses based on the
     customers’ feedback. The Group is committed to understanding the views and opinions towards products and
     services through close communication with customers and proper maintenance of the related records. We collect
     customers’ feedback through a customer satisfaction survey. The feedback serves as a valuable reference for our
     future improvements. During the Reporting Period, no material products and service-related complaints were
     received.


     Intellectual property protection
     The Group attaches great importance to technological innovation and application. The Group’s Code of Conduct
     stated explicitly that new ideas and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
     special rights and trade secrets, are all valuable assets of the Group and must be protected. All employees are
     responsible for protecting the intellectual property rights of the Group and others. Copying of any part of
     third-party software is prohibited unless it is an authorised copy, or its license explicitly permits copying.
     Downloading and installation of unauthorised software are not allowed. Employees are required to inform the
     management immediately if there are any cases of infringement of the intellectual property of the Group.


     Advertising and Labelling
     The Group does not involve in product packaging and labelling activities. Besides, the Group does not rely
     heavily on marketing and advertising. The Group did not aware of any significant impact relating to advertising
     and labelling on its operations.


     Customer Data Protection and Privacy
     The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. The Group strives to
     protect the privacy of its customers, business partners and staff in the collection, processing and use of their
     business or personal data. The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance on the handling of confidential
     information. Moreover, our employees are given limited access to the company database depending on their job
     positions. Employees are strictly prohibited from modifying their computers without formal approval from the
     management.


     The Group strictly follows the laws and regulations relating to product responsibility, such as the Personal Data
     (Privacy) Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
     imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.




78   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Anti-corruption
Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to defend. The
Group’s Code of Conduct sets out the employees’ conduct in dealing with problems related to acceptance of
advantages and conflicts of interest.


Other than the internal anti-bribery and corruption guidelines as stipulated in the Code of Conduct, the Group
has a Whistleblowing Policy in place as a communication channel for employees to report concerns relating to
ethical business or personal conduct, accounting and financial matters, integrity and professionalism, or
allegations of retaliation for having reported matters in good faith. Employees are welcome to send his/her
concerns to the Company Secretary via email or by post anonymously. A full investigation will then be conducted
by the Audit Committee in a confidential, disciplinary action will be applied to the employee involved upon
confirmation of the occurrence, and further legal action may be taken depending on the nature and particular
circumstances of each case. The Group offers new employee induction training which includes training in relation
to basic employee ethics, such as anti-corruption. The Group will closely monitor the regulatory development and
will arrange relevant anti-corruption training for our employees and directors, where necessary. The Group has
also implemented appropriate and effective internal controls at different business processes to prevent and
detect fraudulent activities.


The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
in Hong Kong, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-terrorist
Financing Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
imprisonment. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case or related
corruption litigation case in this regard.


Community
Community Investment
The Group is committed to maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. The Group’s
Community Investment Policy establishes a framework and guidelines for community investment, sponsorship and
donation activities, and is expected to contribute to community wellness.


The Group mainly focuses on contributions in the social area. During the Reporting Period, the Group donated
HK$14,000 in total. The Group aims to develop long-term relations with stakeholders based on mutual trust,
respect and integrity. The Group also seeks to make contributions to programs which have a positive impact on
community development. Employees are encouraged to volunteer, and work through collaboration with strategic
giving as well as capacity-building initiatives to try and create a positive impact in the community.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   79
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX

     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                        Reference Section(s)/Statement


     General Disclosure              Information on:
                                     (a)     the policies; and                                        Emissions


                                     (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                             that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                     relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions,
                                     discharges into water and land, and generation of
                                     hazardous and non-hazardous waste.


     KPI A1.1                        The types of emissions and respective emissions                  Emissions
                                     data.


     KPI A1.2                        Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2)                   Emissions
                                     greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where
                                     appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                                     volume, per facility).


     KPI A1.3                        Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,                  Emissions
                                     where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of
                                     production volume, per facility).


     KPI A1.4                        Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes)                   Emissions
                                     and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of
                                     production volume, per facility).


     KPI A1.5                        Description of emissions target(s) set and steps                 Emissions
                                     taken to achieve them.


     KPI A1.6                        Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous                   Emissions
                                     wastes are handled, and a description of reduction
                                     target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.


     General Disclosure              Policies on the efficient use of resources, including            Use of Resources
                                     energy, water and other raw materials.


     KPI A2.1                        Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type                Use of Resources
                                     (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and
                                     intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per
                                     facility).



80   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                          Reference Section(s)/Statement


KPI A2.2              Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per           Use of Resources
                      unit of production volume, per facility).


KPI A2.3              Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set           Use of Resources
                      and steps taken to achieve them.


KPI A2.4              Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing        Use of Resources
                      water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency
                      target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.


KPI A2.5              Total packaging material used for finished products          Not material: Not relevant to
                      (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per          the Group’s business
                      unit produced.


General Disclosure    Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact       The Environment and Natural
                      on the environment and natural resources.                      Resources


KPI A3.1              Description of the significant impacts of activities         The Environment and Natural
                      on the environment and natural resources and the               Resources
                      actions taken to manage them.


General Disclosure    Policies on identification and mitigation of                 Climate Change
                      significant climate-related issues which have
                      impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer.


KPI A4.1              Description of the significant climate-related issues        Climate Change
                      which have impacted, and those which may impact,
                      the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.


General Disclosure    Information on:                                              Employment


                      (a)   the policies; and


                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer


                      relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment
                      and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
                      opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                      benefits and welfare.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   81
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                 Reference Section(s)/Statement


     KPI B1.1                        Total workforce by gender, employment type (for           Employment
                                     example, full-or part-time), age group and
                                     geographical region.


     KPI B1.2                        Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and           Employment
                                     geographical region.


     General Disclosure              Information on:                                           Health and Safety


                                     (a)   the policies; and


                                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                           that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                     relating to providing a safe working environment
                                     and protecting employees from occupational
                                     hazards.


     KPI B2.1                        Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred       Health and Safety
                                     in each of the past three years including the
                                     Reporting Period.


     KPI B2.2                        Lost days due to work injury.                             Health and Safety


     KPI B2.3                        Description of occupational health and safety             Health and Safety
                                     measures adopted, how they are implemented and
                                     monitored.


     B3 Development and Training


     General Disclosure              Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and            Development and Training
                                     skills for discharging duties at work.


     KPI B3.1                        The percentage of employees trained by gender             Development and Training
                                     and employee category (e.g. senior management,
                                     middle management).


     KPI B3.2                        The average training hours completed per                  Development and Training
                                     employee by gender and employee category.




82   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                         Reference Section(s)/Statement


General Disclosure    Information on:                                             Labour Standards


                      (a)   the policies; and


                      (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                            that have a significant impact on the issuer
                            relating to preventing child and forced labour.
                            Labour Standards.


KPI B4.1              Description of measures to review employment                Labour Standards
                      practices to avoid child and forced labour.


KPI B4.2              Description of steps taken to eliminate such                Labour Standards
                      practices when discovered.


General Disclosure    Policies on managing environmental and social risks         Supply Chain Management
                      of the supply chain.


KPI B5.1              Number of suppliers by geographical region.                 Supply Chain Management


KPI B5.2              Description of practices relating to engaging               Supply Chain Management
                      suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices
                      are being implemented, how they are implemented
                      and monitored.


KPI B5.3              Description of practices used to identify                   Supply Chain Management
                      environmental and social risks along the supply
                      chain, and how they are implemented and
                      monitored.


KPI B5.4              Description of practices used to promote                    Supply Chain Management
                      environmentally preferable products and services
                      when selecting suppliers, and how they are
                      implemented and monitored.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   83
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                   Reference Section(s)/Statement


     General Disclosure              Information on:                                             Product Responsibility


                                     (a)   the policies; and


                                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                           that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                     relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling
                                     and privacy matters relating to products and
                                     services provided and methods of redress.


     KPI B6.1                        Percentage of total products sold or shipped                Not material: No
                                     subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.             manufacturing of products


     KPI B6.2                        Number of products and service related complaints           Product Responsibility
                                     received and how they are dealt with.


     KPI B6.3                        Description of practices relating to observing and          Product Responsibility
                                     protecting intellectual property rights.


     KPI B6.4                        Description of quality assurance process and recall         Product Responsibility
                                     procedures.


     KPI B6.5                        Description of consumer data protection and                 Product Responsibility
                                     privacy policies, how they are implemented and
                                     monitored.


     General Disclosure              Information on:                                             Anti-corruption


                                     (a)   the policies; and


                                     (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations
                                           that have a significant impact on the issuer


                                     relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                                     laundering.




84   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                       Reference Section(s)/Statement


KPI B7.1              Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt         Anti-corruption
                      practices brought against the issuer or its
                      employees during the reporting period and the
                      outcomes of the cases.


KPI B7.2              Description of preventive measures, how they are          Anti-corruption
                      implemented and monitored.


KPI B7.3              Description of anti-corruption training provided to       Anti-corruption
                      directors and staff.


General Disclosure    Policies on community engagement to understand            Community Investment
                      the needs of the communities where the issuer
                      operates and to ensure its activities take into
                      consideration the communities’ interests.


KPI B8.1              Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,              Community Investment
                      environmental concerns, labor needs, health,
                      culture, sport).


KPI B8.2              Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the         Community Investment
                      focus area.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   85
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ENVISION GREENWISE HOLDINGS LIMITED
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited (formerly known
     as Golden Ponder Holdings Limited) (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on
     pages 93 to 193, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2024, and the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes
     in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
     financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
     position of the Group as at 31 March 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
     cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
     issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
     in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
     the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
     with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
     ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
     audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     provide a separate opinion on these matters.




86   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


The Key Audit Matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit



Revenue recognition of construction contracts
We identified the revenue recognition of construction     Our procedures in relation to the revenue recognition
contracts as a key audit matter as management’s           of construction contracts included:
estimate of revenue, budgeted costs and the stage of
completion of construction works requires significant     •   Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s
judgement and has a significant impact on the                 controls and processes over revenue recognition
amount and timing of revenue recognised.                      of construction contracts and contract budget
                                                              preparation;
The Group recognised revenue from a construction
contract by reference to the progress towards             •   Discussing with management and the project
complete satisfaction of performance obligation at            managers of the Group who are responsible for the
the end of the reporting period, measured using the           preparation of budgets of construction contracts to
input method. Most of the Group’s construction                evaluate the reasonableness of their bases of
contracts with customers take more than one year to           estimation of the budgeted costs as well as the
complete. Management estimates the revenue and                progress towards completion of the contracts;
budgeted costs at the commencement of
construction contracts and regularly assesses the         •   Checking supporting documents including
progress of construction works as well as the financial       contracts, variation orders and correspondences
impact of any scope changes, claims, disputes and             with customers, subcontractors and suppliers, in
liquidation damages.                                          order to evaluate reasonableness of
                                                              management’s estimation of the revenue and
As disclosed in Notes 5(b) and 7 to the consolidated          budgeted contract costs;
financial statements, the Group’s revenue from
construction contracts amounted to approximately          •   Assessing management’s estimates of the impact
HK$223,495,000 for the year ended 31 March 2024.              on revenue and budgeted costs arising from scope
                                                              changes made to the construction contracts,
                                                              claims, disputes and liquidated damages with
                                                              reference to supporting documents including
                                                              variation orders and correspondence among the
                                                              Group, independent surveyors, customers,
                                                              subcontractors and suppliers if appropriate;


                                                          •   Recalculating the revenue recognised based on
                                                              the progress of the construction contracts; and


                                                          •   On a sample basis, agreeing the contract costs
                                                              incurred to date on construction contracts to the
                                                              subcontractors’ payment certificates, labour costs
                                                              and supplier invoices.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   87
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      The Key Audit Matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



      Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
      We identified the impairment of trade receivables        Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment
      and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the     of trade receivables and contract assets included:
      significance of the carrying amounts of trade
      receivables and contract assets to the consolidated      •   Understanding management’s process of
      financial statements, as well as the significant             assessing recoverability of trade receivables and
      judgement involved in developing and implementing            contract assets;
      the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model and high level
      of estimation uncertainty.                               •   Assessing the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                   ECL model and challenging assumptions and data
      Management estimates ECL of trade receivables and            used in estimating ECL, including testing the
      contract assets based on the historical default rates,       accuracy of the historical data, evaluating whether
      past-due status and financial capability of individual       the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted
      debtors and forward-looking macroeconomic factors.           based on current economic conditions and
                                                                   forward-looking information and assessing
      As disclosed in Notes 5(a), 21 and 23 to the                 whether there was an indication of management
      consolidated financial statements, as at 31 March            bias when recognising loss allowances; and
      2024, the carrying amount of trade receivables and
      contract assets are HK$60,777,000 and                    •   Discussing with the Group’s project managers
      HK$116,816,000 respectively net of allowance for             about their evaluation of impact of disputes with
      credit losses of HK$384,000 and HK$361,000                   customers and unforeseen delay of construction
      respectively.                                                contracts, if any, on the recoverability of trade
                                                                   receivables and contract assets and checking to
                                                                   those relevant correspondences and documents
                                                                   to assess reasonableness of their evaluation.




88   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


The Key Audit Matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit



Impairment assessment of goodwill
We identified impairment of goodwill as a key audit     Our procedures in relation to the impairment
matter due to significant management judgement          assessment of goodwill included:
involved in determining the recoverable amount of
the goodwill for impairment assessment.                 •   Obtaining an understanding on the Group’s
                                                            impairment assessment process including cash
Impairment of goodwill is assessed by comparing the         flow forecast preparation process;
recoverable amount of respective cash-generating
unit (“CGU”) to which goodwill is allocated, to their   •   Assessing the reasonableness of the key
carrying values at the end of each reporting period.        assumptions and estimates made by the
Significant judgements and estimates are required by        management in determining the recoverable
the management in assessing the impairment of               amount of the CGUs, including discount rates,
goodwill, which are determined with reference to the        growth rates and expected changes to revenue
present value of the estimated future cash flows            and direct costs;
arising from respective CGUs with key assumptions
and estimates including expected changes to revenue     •   Evaluating the key inputs adopted in the cash flow
and direct costs, suitable discount rates and growth        forecast by comparing to the historical
rates in order to calculate the recoverable amount of       performance and the most recent actual
the CGUs.                                                   performance of respective CGUs;


Included in the Group’s consolidated statement of       •   Testing the mathematical accuracy of the
financial position, as at 31 March 2024, the goodwill       underlying value-in-use calculations; and
amount is HK$74,691,000 and no impairment loss is
recorded during the year.                               •   Evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by
                                                            management around the key assumptions applied
                                                            to ascertain the extent of changes in those
                                                            assumptions that either individually or collectively
                                                            would be required for the goodwill to be
                                                            impaired.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   89
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
     in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
     express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
     consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
     misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
     other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
     GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
     view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
     or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
     have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
     whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
     includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
     engagement and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
     person for the contents of this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
     the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




90   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
     of the Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
     disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
     However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
     responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
     for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   91
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
     key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
     disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
     communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
     outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Del Rosario, Faith
     Corazon.




     Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong, 26 June 2024


     Del Rosario, Faith Corazon
     Practising certificate number P06143




92   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                           OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                         Notes     HK$’000             HK$’000


Revenue                                                                    7        452,192             401,352
Cost of sales                                                                      (424,238)           (379,929)


Gross profit                                                                         27,954              21,423

Other income, gains and losses                                             8          5,373               (2,662)
Provision of loss allowance for trade receivables,
  contract assets and other receivables, net                              40         (1,611)             (2,007)
Fair value gain on derivative financial liability                                         –               4,050
Share of results of associates                                            19            102              (1,716)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                   (21,060)                  –
Administrative and other expenses                                                   (68,251)            (56,025)
Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                44        (20,665)                  –
Finance costs                                                             9            (757)             (1,901)


Loss before tax                                                           10        (78,915)            (38,838)
Income tax credit                                                         11             53                 785


Loss for the year                                                                   (78,862)            (38,053)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                             (78,875)            (38,065)
  Non-controlling interests                                                              13                  12


                                                                                    (78,862)            (38,053)


                                                                                   HK cents           HK cents

Loss per share, attributable to owners of the Company                     14
– Basic                                                                                (6.61)              (4.01)
– Diluted                                                                              (6.61)              (4.01)


Loss for the year                                                                   (78,862)            (38,053)

Other comprehensive income for the year
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income ("FVTOCI")                                                    6,729                7,931


Total comprehensive expense for the year                                            (72,133)            (30,122)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                             (72,146)            (30,134)
  Non-controlling interests                                                              13                  12


                                                                                    (72,133)            (30,122)


                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   93
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2024




                                                             2024           2023
                                                   Notes   HK$’000       HK$’000


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                  15      20,235        19,316
     Right-of-use assets                            16      20,330        13,844
     Goodwill                                       17      74,691        74,691
     Intangible assets                              18       1,400         3,455
     Interests in associates                        19       2,324         3,364
     Equity instruments at FVTOCI                   20      25,411        27,719
     Deposits and other receivables                 22      12,720         1,604
     Deferred tax assets                            32       1,775         1,775
                                                                     •




                                                           158,886       145,768


     Current assets
     Inventories                                               45            137
     Trade receivables                              21      60,777        37,813
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables    22     420,471        20,462
     Contract assets                                23     116,816        75,465
     Pledged bank deposits                          24      17,697        17,180
     Cash and cash equivalents                      24      49,910        70,745
                                                                     •




                                                           665,716       221,802


     Current liabilities
     Trade and retention money payables             25     152,663        72,449
     Accruals and other payables                    26      21,277        41,701
     Contract liabilities                           30     393,473             –
     Bank borrowing                                 27       8,686             –
     Promissory note payables                       28           –        42,937
     Lease liabilities                              29       6,736         6,862
     Amount due to the ultimate holding company     31           –         5,670
     Amounts due to associates                      31        393             67
     Tax payable                                              224              –


                                                           583,452       169,686


     Net current assets                                     82,264        52,116
                                                                     •




     Total assets less current liabilities                 241,150       197,884
                                                                     •




94   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                               As at 31 March 2024




                                                                                     2024                    2023
                                                                  Notes          HK$’000                 HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
Provision for reinstatement costs                                   16              4,000                    4,000
Lease liabilities                                                   29              2,969                    4,983
Deferred tax liabilities                                            32                  231                    508
                                                                                               •




                                                                                    7,200                    9,491
                                                                                               •




Net assets                                                                        233,950                 188,393


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                       34             12,550                    9,595
Reserves                                                                          221,456                 178,867
                                                                                               •




Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                      234,006                 188,462
Non-controlling interests                                                               (56)                   (69)
                                                                                               •




Total equity                                                                      233,950                 188,393



The consolidated financial statements on pages 93 to 193 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors on 26 June 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Kwok Chun Sing                                         Zhan Zhi Hao
                           Director                                          Director




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   95
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                               Retained
                                                                                                           Share-based         earnings/                       Non-
                                                          Share       Share    Fair value       Capital      payments      (accumulated                  controlling
                                                         capital   premium       reserve       reserve         reserve            losses)   Sub-total      interests      Total
                                                        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                       (Note 34)   (Note 34)   (Note 34)      (Note 34)       (Note 44)         (Note 34)


     At 1 April 2022                                      8,275      95,090            –         15,500                –          37,031     155,896              –     155,896
     (Loss)/profit for the year                               –           –            –              –                –         (38,065)    (38,065)            12     (38,053)
     Other comprehensive income for the year
     – Change in fair value of equity instruments at
         FVTOCI                                               –           –        7,931              –                –               –        7,931              –      7,931


     Total comprehensive income/(expense)
        for the year                                          –           –        7,931              –                –         (38,065)     (30,134)           12      (30,122)


     Disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI                 –           –      (10,950)             –                –          10,950            –              –           –
     Shares issued for settlement of consideration
        in relation to acquisition of an associate          900      41,850            –              –                –               –       42,750              –     42,750
     Shares issued for settlement of consideration
       in relation to acquisition of a subsidiary
       (Note 36(b))                                         420      19,530             -             -                -                -      19,950              -     19,950
     Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(b))                 -           -             -             -                -                -           -            (81)       (81)


     At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                    9,595     156,470       (3,019)        15,500                –           9,916     188,462             (69)   188,393
     (Loss)/profit for the year                               –           –            –              –                –         (78,875)    (78,875)             13    (78,862)
     Other comprehensive income for the year
     – Change in fair value of equity instruments
        at FVTOCI                                             –           –        6,729              –                –               –        6,729              –      6,729


     Total comprehensive income/(expense)
         for the year                                         –           –        6,729              –                –         (78,875)     (72,146)           13      (72,133)


     Disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI                 –           –       (1,169)             –                –           1,169            –              –           –
     Issue of shares under placing arrangements
        (Note 34)                                         1,919      51,978            –              –                –               –       53,897              –     53,897
     Issue of shares under debt capitalisation
        (Note 34)                                         1,036      40,360            –              –                –               –       41,396              –     41,396
     Deemed contribution from the ultimate
        holding company (Note 28)                             –           –            –          1,732                –               –        1,732              –      1,732
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 44)                                    –           –            –              –          20,665                –       20,665              –     20,665


     At 31 March 2024                                   12,550     248,808        2,541         17,232          20,665          (67,790)    234,006             (56)    233,950




96   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                                 2024                   2023
                                                               Notes         HK$’000                HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Loss before tax                                                               (78,915)               (38,838)
Adjustments for:
  Bank interest income                                           8              (1,042)                  (343)
  Interest income from advance to an independent third party     8                (587)                      –
  Finance costs                                                  9                 757                  1,901
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 10              5,490                   5,992
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           10              8,341                   6,143
  Amortisation of intangible asset                              10              2,055                   1,870
  Equity-settled share-based payment expense                    44             20,665                        –
  (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment      10                 (50)                 5,577
  Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables, net         10              1,567                   1,294
  Provision of loss allowance of contract assets, net           10                  44                     33
  Provision of loss allowance of other receivables              10                    –                   680
  Fair value gain on derivative financial liability                                   –                (4,050)
  Share of results of associates                                19                (102)                 1,716
  Covid-19 related rent concessions                                                   –   •
                                                                                                         (138)


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                      (41,777)               (18,163)


Decrease in inventories                                                             92                     40
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                      (24,531)                13,458
(Increase)/decrease in deposits, prepayments and other
  receivables                                                                   (4,900)               56,780
Increase in trade deposit                                                    (391,550)                       –
(Increase)/decrease in contract assets                                        (41,395)                66,610
Increase/(decrease) in trade and retention money payables                      80,214               (100,287)
(Decrease)/increase in accruals and other payables                            (20,424)                  9,607
Increase in contract liabilities                                              393,473                        –
                                                                                          •




Cash (used in)/generated from operations and net cash (used
  in)/generated from operating activities                                     (50,798)                28,045
                                                                       •                  •




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   97
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                  Notes   HK$’000        HK$’000


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Placement of pledged bank deposits                                      (517)        (17,180)
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                             (6,409)         (9,585)
     Payments for right-of-use assets                                      (9,934)              –
     Purchase of equity instruments at FVTOCI                                   –         (40,038)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                  50              30
     Proceeds from disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI        20       9,037         20,250
     Capital contribution in an associate                          19          (5)              –
     Cash received from capital reduction by an associate          19        327                –
     Advance from associates                                                 326              67
     Proceeds from partial disposal of interest in an associate    19        820                –
     Advance to an independent third party                                (14,088)              –
     Net cash inflow arising from acquisition of subsidiaries                   –         16,204
     Interest received                                                      1,042    •
                                                                                             343


     Net cash used in investing activities                                (19,351)        (29,909)
                                                                                     •




     Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from issue of shares                                 34      53,988               –
     Interest paid                                                39(b)      (502)           (424)
     New bank loans raised                                        39(b)     9,000               –
     Repayments of bank borrowings                                39(b)      (314)         (4,017)
     Repayments of lease liabilities                              39(b)    (7,033)         (5,311)
     Repayment to the ultimate holding company                    39(b)    (5,670)         (4,839)
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                       (155)              –
                                                                                     •




     Net cash generated from/(used in) in financing activities             49,314         (14,591)
                                                                                     •




     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                            (20,835)        (16,455)


     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                    70,745         87,200
                                                                                     •




     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                          49,910         70,745




98   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024




1. GENERAL INFORMATION

  Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited (formerly known as Golden Ponder Holdings Limited) (the
  “Company”) is incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. Its shares
  are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of its
  registered office is located at 71 Fort Street, P.O. Box 500, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1106, Cayman
  Islands and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is located at Room 2901 & 09-10, 29/F., China
  Resources Building, 26 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.


  After the approval of the proposed change of name of the Company by way of special resolution at the
  annual general meeting of the Company held on 28 September 2023, the Certificate of Incorporation on
  Change of Name was issued by the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands on 9 October 2023,
  certifying the change in the English name of the Company from “Golden Ponder Holdings Limited” to
  “Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited” and the dual foreign name of the Company from “金侖控股有限公
  司” to “晉 景 新 能 控 股 有 限 公 司” with effect from 9 October 2023. The Certificate of Registration of
  Alteration of Name of Registered Non-Hong Kong Company was issued by the Registrar of Companies in
  Hong Kong on 25 October 2023 confirming the registration of the new English and Chinese name of the
  Company in Hong Kong under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong
  Kong).


  The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are the
  provision of superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition (“RMAA”) work service
  as a main contractor and provision of reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service,
  including trading of industrial materials. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 35.


  The immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company is Chun Yip International Investment Limited
  (“Chun Yip”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and Mr. Kwok Chun Sing is the ultimate
  controlling party of the Company since the takeover of the controlling shares of the Company from
  Mr. Chan Kam Tong and Mr. Chan Kam Ming on 11 January 2023.


  The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is also the
  functional currency of the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) AND CHANGES IN
         OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES

             (a) New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the
                 current year
                    In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by
                    the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are
                    mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2023 for the
                    preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


                    HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020         Insurance Contracts
                       and February 2022 Amendments to
                       HKFRS 17)
                    Amendments to HKAS 8                         Definition of Accounting Estimates
                    Amendments to HKAS 12                        Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                                   a Single Transaction
                    Amendments to HKAS 12                        International Tax Reform – Pillar Two model Rules
                    Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS               Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                       Practice Statement 2

                    Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
                    has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and
                    prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


                    Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates

                    The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments define
                    accounting estimates as “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement
                    uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items in financial statements to be measured in a way
                    that involves measurement uncertainty. In such a case, an entity develops an accounting estimate to
                    achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy. The amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the
                    distinction between changes in accounting estimates, and changes in accounting policies and the
                    correction of errors.


                    The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated
                    financial statements.




100   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2024




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) AND CHANGES IN
   OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (a) New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the
      current year (Continued)
     Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2
     Disclosure of Accounting Policies

     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 “Presentation of
     Financial Statements” is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies”
     with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
     considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
     reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial
     statements make on the basis of those financial statements.


     The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
     of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
     not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is
     itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such
     information must not obscure material accounting policy information.


     HKFRS Practice Statement 2 “Making Materiality Judgements” (the “Practice Statement”) is also
     amended to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy
     disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial
     statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.


     The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
     performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 4 to
     the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) AND CHANGES IN
         OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

             (a) New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the
                 current year (Continued)
                    Application of the HKICPA guidance on the accounting implications of the abolition of
                    the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) – Long Service Payment (“LSP”) offsetting
                    mechanism in Hong Kong

                    The Group has several subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong which are obliged to pay LSP to
                    employees under certain circumstances. Meanwhile, the Group makes mandatory MPF contributions
                    to the trustee who administers the assets held in a trust solely for the retirement benefits of each
                    individual employee. Offsetting of LSP against an employee’s accrued retirement benefits derived
                    from employers’ MPF contributions was allowed under the Employment Ordinance (Cap.57). In June
                    2022, the Government of the HKSAR gazetted the Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation
                    (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”) which
                    abolishes the use of the accrued benefits derived from employers’ mandatory MPF contributions to
                    offset severance payment and LSP (the “Abolition”). The Abolition will officially take effect on 1 May
                    2025 (the “Transition Date”). In addition, under the Amendment Ordinance, the last month’s salary
                    immediately preceding the Transition Date (instead of the date of termination of employment) is used
                    to calculate the portion of LSP in respect of the employment period before the Transition Date.


                    In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP
                    offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong” which provides guidance for the accounting for the offsetting
                    mechanism and the impact arising from abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong.
                    The abolition of the offsetting mechanism did not have a material impact on the Group’s results and
                    financial position.




102   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 March 2024




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
   FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) AND CHANGES IN
   OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (b) Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:


     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
         HKAS 28                                          Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendment to HKFRS 16                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
     Amendments to HKAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                          related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)2
     Amendments to HKAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and                          Supplier Finance Arrangements2
         HKFRS 7
     Amendments to HKAS 21                             Lack of Exchangeability3

     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


     Except for the amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate
     that the application of all amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG
         FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) AND CHANGES IN
         OTHER ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

             (b) Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
                    Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                    related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”)
                    and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022
                    Amendments”)

                    The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to
                    defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current
                    or noncurrent, which:

                    •      clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its
                           settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its
                           classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an
                           equity instrument applying HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.

                    •      specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights
                           that are in existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that
                           the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the
                           liability within 12 months.

                    For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on
                    the compliance with covenants, the requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been
                    modified by the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that only covenants with which an
                    entity is required to comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right
                    to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which
                    are required to comply with only after the reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at
                    the end of the reporting period.

                    In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables
                    users of financial statements to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within
                    twelve months after the reporting period, if an entity classifies liabilities arising from loan
                    arrangements as non-current when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to
                    the entity complying with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period.

                    The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual
                    reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the
                    2020 Amendments, are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024,
                    with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 Amendments for an earlier period after
                    the issue of the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

                    Based on the Group’s outstanding liabilities as at 31 March 2024, the application of the 2020 and 2022
                    Amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s liabilities.




104   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the
  HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
  material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
  addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
  Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the disclosure requirements of the Hong
  Kong Companies Ordinance.


  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the certain
  financial instruments that are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Historical cost is
  generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange of goods and services.


  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
  directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
  or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if the market
  participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the
  measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial
  statements is determined on such basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
  scope of HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with
  HKFRS 16 “Leases” and measurement that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as
  net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”.


  In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
  based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
  of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:


  •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
       entity can access at the measurement date;


  •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
       asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and


  •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

             Basis of consolidation
             The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
             controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


             (i)     has power over the investee;


             (ii)    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


             (iii)   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


             The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
             are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


             Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when
             the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or
             disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
             comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
             control the subsidiary.


             Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
             Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
             deficit balance.


             When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
             policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


             All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
             between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


             Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
             represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
             relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


             In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less any
             impairment loss. The result of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends
             received and receivable.




106   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Business combinations
  A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
  that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
  substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
  with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
  contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
  replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.


  Acquisitions of business are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
  measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of assets
  transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
  equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for the control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs
  are expensed as incurred.


  For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 April 2022, the identifiable assets
  acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
  Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
  transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS
  37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a
  business combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Business combinations (Continued)
             At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
             fair value, except that:


             •      deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
                    recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
                    respectively;


             •      liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                    share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                    arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see
                    the accounting policy below);


             •      assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
                    Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard;
                    and


             •      lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
                    defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for
                    leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying
                    asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the
                    relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
                    compared with market terms.


             Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
             non-controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
             in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and
             the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable
             assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
             noncontrolling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the
             acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.




108   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Business combinations (Continued)
  Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
  share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured either at fair
  value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s
  identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.


  When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the
  acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control),
  and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as
  appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have
  previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKFRS 9 would be
  accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously
  held equity interest.


  Goodwill
  Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
  the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.


  For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
  (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
  which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
  not larger than an operating segment.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Goodwill (Continued)
             A cash-generating unit (or groups of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested
             for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For
             goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or groups of
             cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
             reporting period. If the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the
             impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and
             then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
             unit (or groups of cash-generating units).


             On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
             cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
             of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a
             cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
             measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and
             the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.


             Interests in associates
             An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
             participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
             over those policies.


             The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
             statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity
             accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like
             transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is
             initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to
             recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. When
             the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes
             any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the
             Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the
             extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
             associate.




110   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Interests in associates (Continued)
  An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
  becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the
  investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the
  investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any
  excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the
  investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the
  investment is acquired.


  The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
  impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
  goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
  recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
  Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the
  carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
  HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


  When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of
  the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the
  Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the
  scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is
  regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate
  and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the relevant interest in the
  associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In addition, the
  Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that
  associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related
  assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that
  associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group
  reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/
  partial disposal of the relevant associate.


  When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
  transactions with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of
  interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Property, plant and equipment
             Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
             impairment losses, if any. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any
             directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.


             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
             Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
             derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss during the
             financial period in which they are incurred.


             Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their
             residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
             residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of reporting period, with the effect of any
             changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


             An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
             benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
             or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the
             sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.


             Leases
            Definition of a lease
             A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
             for a period of time in exchange for consideration.


             For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from
             business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition
             under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not
             be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As a practical
             expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably
             expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual
             leases within the portfolio.




112   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Leases (Continued)
  The Group as a lessee
  Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
  For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
  the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
  stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
  components.


  The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
  instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
  component.

  Short-term leases
  The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of premises and site equipment
  that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
  option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another
  systematic basis over the lease term.

  Right-of-use assets
  The cost of right-of-use asset includes:


  •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


  •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


  •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

  •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
       restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
       the terms and conditions of the lease.


  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
  adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably
  certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated
  from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a
  straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


  When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term, upon
  exercising purchase options, the carrying amount of the relevant right-of-use assets are transferred to
  property, plant and equipment.


  The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
  position.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Leases (Continued)
             The Group as a lessee (Continued)
            Refundable rental deposits
             Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
             Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in
             the cost of right-of-use assets.


            Lease liabilities
             At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
             value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
             Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in
             the lease is not readily determinable.


             The lease payments represent fixed payments and the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is
             reasonably certain to exercise the option.


             After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


             The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
             assets) whenever:


             •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in
                    which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                    revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


             •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/
                    expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is
                    remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.


             The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
             position.




114   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Leases (Continued)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)
  Lease modifications
  The Group applied the practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease
  if:


  •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
        assets; and


  •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
        the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
        circumstances of the particular contract.


  For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
  liability, less any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting
  the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


  The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
  relevant right-of-use asset.


  When the modified contract contains one or more additional lease components, the Group allocates the
  consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
  price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are included in the respective lease
  components.


  Intangible asset
  Intangible assets acquired in a business combination and recognised separately from goodwill are initially
  recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).


  Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful
  lives are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the
  same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.


  An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
  use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
  difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit
  or loss when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Financial instruments
             Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
             contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
             and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
             assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
             market place.


             Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
             from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs
             that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added
             to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
             recognition.


             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
             liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
             interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all
             fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs
             and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or,
             where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


             Interest income is recognised on an effective interest basis for financial assets and are presented as other
             income.


            Financial assets
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:


             •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                    and


             •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                    and interest on the principal amount outstanding.


             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):


             •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                    collecting contractual cash flows; and


             •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                    and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




116   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Amortised cost and interest income
  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
  at amortised cost. For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial
  assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
  financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For
  financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
  the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
  credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
  credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
  amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that
  the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


  Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
  Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
  arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair
  value reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated
  losses.


  Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
  right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
  cost of the investment.


  Impairment of financial assets
  The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
  including trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables, deposits and bank balances which are
  subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
  reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.


  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
  relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
  expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
  Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
  specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at
  the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets without significant
  financing component.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been
             a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL.
             The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
             likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


             (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                    In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                    compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                    risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making
                    this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                    and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                    without undue cost or effort.


                    In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                    increased significantly:


                    •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                           or internal credit rating;


                    •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                           the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                    •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                           expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                    •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                    •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                           environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                           debt obligations.


                    Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                    increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                    due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.




118   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
  (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
          significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
          reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default,
          (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term
          and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
          necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group
          considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of
          ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood definitions.


          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
          capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


  (ii)    Definition of default
          For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
          developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
          creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


          Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
          than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
          that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


  (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
          A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
          estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
          credit impaired includes observable data about the following events:


          (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


          (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


          (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                otherwise consider;


          (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                or


          (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             (iv)   Write-off policy
                    The Group writes off a financial asset, when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
                    severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                    counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                    assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                    taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                    subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.


             (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                    The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                    magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                    probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                    information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                    determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical
                    expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables and contract assets using a provision matrix taking
                    into consideration historical credit loss experience and forward looking information that is available
                    without undue cost or effort.


                    Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                    accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                    effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                    Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking into
                    consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                    macroeconomic information.


                    For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                    formulating the grouping:


                    •      Past-due status;


                    •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                    •      External credit ratings where available.


                    The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                    to share similar credit risk characteristics.




120   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Financial instruments (Continued)
  Financial assets (Continued)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
  (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
        Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
        financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
        of the financial asset.


        The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
        adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and contract assets, where the
        corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.


  Derecognition of financial assets
  The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
  expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
  asset to another entity.


  On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
  carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


  On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition
  to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value reserve is not
  reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.


  Financial liabilities and equity instruments
  Classification as debt or equity
  Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
  substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
  instrument.


  Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
  deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
  received, net of direct issue costs.


  Financial liabilities at amortised cost
  Financial liabilities including trade and retention money payables, accruals and other payables, bank
  borrowings, promissory note payables, amounts due to the ultimate holding company/associates are
  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)
            Derecognition of financial liabilities
             The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
             cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
             derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


             Cash and cash equivalents
             Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash at bank and on hand. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly
             liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to an
             insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position,
             cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in nature to cash,
             which are not restricted as to use.


             Inventories
             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
             weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
             estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
             include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
             incur to make the sale.


             Revenue from contracts with customers
             The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
             goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.


             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
             a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




122   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
  Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or
  service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred over
  time if the Group’s performance:


  •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


  •    creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


  •    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
       to payment for performance completed to date.


  If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract
  by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise,
  revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or service.


  The revenue of the Group arising from trading of industrial materials is recognised at a point in time. Under
  the transfer-of-control approach in HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”, revenue from
  these sales is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been
  shipped to customer’s specified location, which is the point of time when the customer has the ability to
  direct the use of these products and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of these products.


  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit of
  financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at
  the present value of the amounts receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in
  a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. Where the
  contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group,
  revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
  under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period between the payment and the transfer
  of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of
  a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


  Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of
  a performance obligation
  Input method
  The Group provides construction services to customer. Such services are recognised as a performance
  obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the
  asset is created or enhanced and the payment is generally due within 30 days from the date of invoice.
  Revenue is recognised from a construction contract by reference to the progress towards complete
  satisfaction of performance obligation at the end of the reporting period, measured using the input method
  based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of
  the construction services.



                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            Contract assets and contract liabilities
             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has
             transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s
             unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that
             consideration is due.


             A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group
             has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


             Contract asset is recognised when (i) the Group completes the infrastructure construction works under such
             services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed by customers,
             or (ii) the customers retain retention money to secure the due performance of the contracts. Any amount
             previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at the point at which it is
             invoiced to the customer. If the considerations (including advances received from customers) exceeds the
             revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group recognises a contract liability for the
             difference.


             For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented.
             For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a
             net basis.


             Taxation
             Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


             The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/loss
             before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that
             are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have
             been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


             Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
             in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable
             profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
             assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that
             taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such
             deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
             recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
             neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to
             equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised
             if the temporary difference arises from initial recognition of goodwill.




124   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Taxation (Continued)
  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
  subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
  probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising
  from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent
  that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
  the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
  the asset to be recovered.


  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
  which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted
  or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
  the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
  amount of its assets and liabilities.


  For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
  applies HKAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group
  recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
  will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax
  liability for all taxable temporary differences.


  Deferred tax asset and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
  assets against tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the
  same taxation authority.


  Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
  recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax
  are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or
  deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
  accounting for the business combination.


  Borrowing costs
  All borrowing costs which are not eligible for capitalisation to qualifying assets are recognised in profit or
  loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Foreign currencies
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
             the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates (the “functional currency”) are
             recorded at the rates ruling when the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities
             are translated at the rates ruling at the end of reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in
             terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


             Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary items,
             are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


             Employee benefits
            (i)     Short-term employee benefits
                    Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
                    expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in
                    which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised in the
                    year when the employees render the related service.


            (ii)    Pension scheme
                    The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
                    “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees.
                    Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to
                    the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
                    Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an
                    independently administered fund. There are no forfeited contributions for the MPF Scheme as the
                    contributions are fully vested to the employees upon payment to the scheme. No forfeited
                    contributions may be used to reduce the existing level of contributions.


            (iii) Termination benefits
                    Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                    offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                    termination benefits.




126   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Share-based payments
  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

  Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
  at the grant date.


  The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
  consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
  periods, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding
  increase in equity (share-based payments reserve).


  At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
  expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
  revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense
  reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.


  At the time when the equity instruments are subsequently vested and issued, the amount previously
  recognised in the share-based payments reserve will be transferred to share capital and share premium.


  Government grants
  Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
  the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


  Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the
  Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.


  Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
  incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs
  are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other
  income, rather than reducing the related expense.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
             intangible assets other than goodwill
             At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
             equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and investments in subsidiaries
             included in the Company’s statement of financial position to determine whether there is any indication that
             these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
             relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.


             The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are
             estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
             the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


             In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant
             cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise
             they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
             allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or
             group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying
             amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.


             Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
             use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
             reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
             the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


             If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
             amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
             For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and
             consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of
             cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
             allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
             cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
             carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
             carrying amount of each asset in the unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest
             of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount
             of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro-rata to the
             other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


             Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
             is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount
             does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been
             recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
             recognised in profit or loss immediately.



128   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Provision and contingent liabilities
  Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a
  past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate
  can be made of the amount of the obligation.


  The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
  present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
  surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
  present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time
  value of money is material).


  Provisions for the costs to restore leased assets to their original condition, as required by the terms and
  conditions of the lease, are recognised at the date of inception of the lease at the directors’ best estimate
  of the expenditure that would be required to restore the assets, Estimates are regularly reviewed and
  adjusted as appropriate for new circumstances.


  A contingent liability is a present obligation arising from past events but is not recognised because it is not
  probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
  obligation.


  Where the Group is jointly and severally liable for an obligation, the part of the obligation that is expected
  to be met by other parties is treated as a contingent liability and it is not recognised in the consolidated
  financial statements.


  The Group assesses continually to determine whether an outflow of resources embodying economic
  benefits has become probable. If it becomes probable that an outflow of future economic benefits will be
  required for an item previously dealt with as a contingent liability, a provision is recognised in the
  consolidated financial statements in the reporting period in which the change in probability occurs, except
  in the extremely rare circumstances where no reliable estimate can be made.


  Related parties
  (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


        (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


        (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Related parties (Continued)
             (b)    An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


                    (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                            subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                    (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                            member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


                    (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                    (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                            entity.


                    (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the Group or
                            an entity related to the Group.


                    (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                    (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                            management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                    (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                            services to the Group or to the Company’s parent.


                    Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                    influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


             Segment reporting
             Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
             statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Company’s board of
             directors for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various
             lines of business and geographical locations. Individually material operating segments are not aggregated
             for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in
             respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of
             customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the
             regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they
             share a majority of these criteria.




130   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
   ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

  In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, management of the
  Group is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets
  and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions
  are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
  differ from these estimates.


  The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
  estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
  or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


  Key sources of estimation uncertainty
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
  each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
  of assets within the next financial year, are described below.


  (a)   Expected credit loss on trade receivables and contract assets
        The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
        ECL rates are based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The provision matrix is initially
        based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.
        The Group will calibrate the ECL rates to adjust the historical credit loss experience with
        forward-looking information. If forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next
        year which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default rates are adjusted. At
        each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
        forward-looking estimates are analysed. The assessment of the correlation among historical observed
        default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate.


        The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The
        Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
        representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
        Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in Note 40 to the consolidated financial
        statements.


        As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets were
        HK$60,777,000 (2023: HK$37,813,000) and HK$116,816,000 (2023: HK$75,465,000) respectively (net of
        allowance for credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets of HK$384,000 (2023:
        HK$2,392,000) and HK$361,000 (2023: HK$317,000) respectively).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

             Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
            (b) Measurement of progress of construction works
                    The Group uses input method to measure the progress toward satisfaction of the performance
                    obligations, and specifically, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the
                    estimated total costs. Actual construction costs incurred include direct and indirect costs in the
                    process of transferring goods or services from the Group to customers. The Group believes that costs
                    incurred is proportionate to the progress in satisfying the performance obligation. Therefore, the
                    proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the total expected costs can reflect the
                    progress toward satisfaction of construction service. Since the duration of construction is relatively
                    long that it may cover more than one accounting period, the Group will review contract, revise budget
                    and adjust revenue accordingly as the contract carries forward.

                    During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group generated revenue of HK$223,495,000 (2023:
                    HK$373,132,000) from construction contracts. As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of contract
                    assets is HK$116,816,000 (2023: HK$75,465,000).

            (c)     Impairment assessment of goodwill
                    Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the
                    cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the
                    Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating units and a
                    suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are
                    less than expected, a material impairment loss may arise.

                    As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of goodwill is amounted HK$74,691,000 (2023:
                    HK$74,691,000).

            (d) Recognition of deferred tax assets
                    Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
                    available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilised, and is
                    measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax assets are
                    realised. In determining the deferred tax assets to be recognised, management is required to estimate
                    the future applicable tax rate for each entity within the Group at each tax jurisdiction and the
                    profitability of each entity, so as to estimate the future utilisation of tax losses. Any difference between
                    these estimates and the actual outcome will impact the Group’s results in the period in which the
                    actual outcome is determined. As at 31 March 2024, the carrying amount of deferred tax assets
                    amounted to approximately HK$1,775,000 (2023: HK$1,775,000).




132   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2024




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

  Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker
  (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focused on
  the business units of the Group. The Group’s operating segments are classified as (i) Superstructure
  building and RMAA works service and (ii) Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related
  service, including trading of industrial materials. These operating segments also represent the Group’s
  reportable segments.


  Disaggregate of revenue from contracts with customers, as well as information regarding the Group’s
  reportable segments as provided to the Group’s CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and
  assessment of segment performance for the years ended 31 March 2024 and 2023 are set out below.


                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2024
                                                                       Reverse supply
                                                   Superstructure   chain management
                                               building and RMAA    and environmental-
                                                    works service       related service                 Total
                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000               HK$’000


  Segment revenue (from external customers)              223,495              228,697               452,192


  Segment results                                        (16,508)              (3,571)              (20,079)


  Share of results of associates                                                                         102
  Finance costs                                                                                          (442)
  Equity settled share-based payment expense                                                         (20,665)
  Unallocated expenses                                                                               (37,831)


  Loss before tax                                                                                    (78,915)




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                               For the year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                                      Reverse supply chain
                                                                     Superstructure      management and
                                                                 building and RMAA         environmental-
                                                                      works service         related service          Total
                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000         HK$’000


             Segment revenue (from external customers)                     373,132                 28,220         401,352


             Segment results                                                   760                (18,744)        (17,984)


             Fair value gain on derivative financial liability                                                      4,050
             Share of results of associates                                                                        (1,716)
             Finance costs                                                                                         (1,679)
             Unallocated expenses                                                                                 (21,509)


             Loss before tax                                                                                       (38,838)


             The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies.
             Segment results represent the profit/(loss) earned by each segment without allocation of unallocated
             expenses (including certain administrative and other expenses), fair value gain on derivative financial
             liability, share of results of associates, equity-settled share-based payment expense and certain finance
             costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM of the Group for the purposes of resource allocation and
             performance assessment.


             No analysis of segment assets or segment liabilities is presented as they are not regularly provided to the
             CODM of the Group.




134   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

  Other segment information

                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024
                                                                             Reverse supply
                                                       Superstructure    chain management
                                                  building and RMAA      and environmental-
                                                        works service        related service                Total
                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000                HK$’000


  Amounts included in the measured
   of segment result:

  Finance costs                                                   134                   181                    315
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    99                 2,268                  2,367
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              33                 4,374                  4,407
  Amortisation of intangible assets                               375                 1,680                  2,055
  (Reversal of)/provision of loss allowance for
    – trade receivables                                          (149)                1,716                  1,567
    – contract assets                                              44                     –                     44
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and
    equipment                                                     (50)                     –                    (50)



                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2023
                                                                              Reverse supply
                                                       Superstructure     chain management
                                                  building and RMAA       and environmental-
                                                         works service        related service                Total
                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000                HK$’000


  Amounts included in the measured
   of segment result:

  Finance costs                                                     9                    213                    222
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                   130                  3,188                  3,318
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                             603                  2,589                  3,192
  Amortisation of intangible assets                               750                  1,120                  1,870
  Provision of loss allowance for
    – trade receivables                                           196                  1,098                  1,294
    – contract assets                                              33                      –                     33
    – other receivables                                             –                    680                    680
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and
    equipment                                                      60                  5,517                  5,577




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

             Other segment information (Continued)
            Geographical information
             Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers presented based on the geographical
             location of the customers and the Group’s non-current assets, excluding financial instruments and deferred
             tax assets, presented based on the geographical location of the assets is as follows:


                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


             Hong Kong                                                                                            262,199         401,352
             The People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)                                                           189,993                 –


                                                                                                                  452,192         401,352



                                                                                                                  Non-current assets

                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


             Hong Kong                                                                                            109,187         114,670
             The PRC                                                                                                  9,793               –


                                                                                                                  118,980         114,670




             Information about major customers
             Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the
             reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


             Customer A                                                                                               N/A*        166,842
             Customer B                                                                                               N/A*        116,212
             Customer C                                                                                           217,688              N/A*
             Customer D                                                                                           110,040                 –
             Customer E                                                                                             79,953                –



             *      Revenue from relevant customer was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue for the reporting period.



136   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




7. REVENUE

  The principal activities of the Group are provision of (i) superstructure building and RMAA works service and
  (ii) reverse supply chain management and environmental-related service, including trading of industrial
  materials.


  Disaggregation of revenue
  An analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition
  recognised during the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                  HK$‘000             HK$‘000


  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
  Provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service                      223,495             373,132
  Reverse supply chain management and environmental-related                        228,697              28,220


                                                                                   452,192             401,352


  Timing of revenue recognition
  A point in time                                                                  199,439                5,165
  Over time                                                                        252,753             396,187


                                                                                   452,192             401,352



  As at 31 March 2024, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
  performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$207,859,000 (2023:
  approximately HK$408,990,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
  from partially-completed long-term construction contracts. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
  in future when or as the work is completed, which HK$192,786,000 (2023: HK$277,659,000) is expected to
  occur within one year and HK$15,073,000 (2023: HK$131,331,000) is expected to occur within more than one
  year but less than two years.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      8. OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES

             An analysis of the Group’s other income, gains and losses recognised during the reporting period is as
             follows:


                                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


             Bank interest income                                                                                   1,042                    343
             Interest income from advance to an independent third party                                               587                      –
             Government grant (Note)                                                                                  763                 2,288
             Covid-19 related rent concessions                                                                            –                  138
             Sundry income                                                                                          1,977                    212
             Outsourcing income                                                                                     1,046                      –
             Exchange loss, net                                                                                        (92)                  (66)
             Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                   50                (5,577)


                                                                                                                    5,373                 (2,662)


             Note: During the year ended 31 March 2024, government subsidies obtained are related to the Research and Development Cash Rebate
                   Scheme amounting to approximately HK$763,000.

                    During the year ended 31 March 2023 government subsidies obtained are mainly related to the Employment Support Scheme
                    amounting to approximately HK$1,567,000, Distance Business Programme amounting to approximately HK$36,000 and the
                    Recycling Fund amounting to approximately HK$685,000. The Group has elected to present the government subsidies separately,
                    rather than reducing the related expense. The Group had to commit to spending the assistance on payroll expense, and not reduce
                    employee head count below prescribed levels for a specified period of time.



      9. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


             Interest expenses on promissory note                                                                     255                 1,477
             Interest expenses on bank borrowings                                                                     134                     66
             Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                   368                    358


                                                                                                                      757                 1,901




138   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2024




10. LOSS BEFORE TAX

   Loss before tax is arrived at after charging:


                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  5,490                5,992
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            8,341                6,143
   Amortisation of intangible asset                                               2,055                1,870
   Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ remuneration (Note 12))
   – Wages and salaries                                                          28,030              44,754
   – Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                  16,877                     –
   – Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                          580                 365
   – Others                                                                          159                 253


                                                                                 45,646              45,372


   Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                 175,065                3,513
   Auditor’s remuneration                                                            800                 800
   Short-term lease expenses                                                         104                 186
   Provision of loss allowance for
   – trade receivables                                                            1,567                1,294
   – contract assets                                                                  44                  33
   – other receivables                                                                  –                680
   (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          (50)              5,577



11. INCOME TAX CREDIT

   The Group is subject to income tax on profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, being its principal
   place of business. The income tax credit in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
   comprehensive income during the reporting period represents:


                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


   Current income tax - Hong Kong profits tax
     Charged to profits or loss                                                     (224)                   –
   Deferred tax
     Credited to profit or loss (Note 32)                                            277                 785


   Total income tax credit for the year                                               53                 785



                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      11. INCOME TAX CREDIT (CONTINUED)

             On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
             2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
             March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day.


             Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity
             will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities
             not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.


             For the year ended 31 March 2024, Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 8.25% on the estimated
             assessable profits of one of the subsidiaries of the Company. The profits of other group entities not
             qualified for the two-tier profits tax regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.


             No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the year ended 31 March 2023 as the group
             entities did not have assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax during the year.


             The income tax credit for the reporting period can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


             Loss before tax                                                                       (78,915)          (38,838)


             Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 16.5%                                         (13,021)            (6,408)
             Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                  10,486              5,927
             Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                         (969)            (1,102)
             Tax effect of utilisation of unused tax losses previously not recognised                 (121)               (40)
             Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                                   3,658                838
             Tax relief enacted by the tax authority                                                    (6)                 –
             Income tax at concessionary rate                                                          (80)                 –


                                                                                                        (53)             (785)




140   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 March 2024




12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND FIVE
    HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

  (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the
      Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:


      Year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                                Contributions
                                                                                  to defined Equity-settled
                                                                                 contribution   share-based
                                                     Salaries   Discretionary     retirement       payment
                                          Fees   and benefits       bonuses             plans      expense           Total
                                       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


      Executive directors
      Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)          –         1,440             120              18         4,214           5,792
      Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief
        Executive Officer)                   –         1,120             200              18         4,214           5,552
      Ms. Kwok Ho Yee (Note (i))             –           365              61               5         2,719           3,150
      Mr. Tang Chi Kin                       –             –               –               –         2,118           2,118


      Independent non-executive
        directors
      Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent          192              –               –               –              –           192
      Mr. Wan Simon (Note (ii))           112              –               –               –              –           112
      Mr. Zhang Jue (Note (iii))          126              –               –               –              –           126
      Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah
        (Note (iv))                       150              –               –               –              –           150
      Prof. Sit Wing Hang (Note (v))       90              –               –               –              –             90
      Mr. Yu Chung Leung (Note (vi))       60              –               –               –              –             60


                                          730          2,925             381              41        13,265          17,342




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      12. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION AND FIVE
          HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)

             (a) Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration (Continued)
                    Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the
                    Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

                    Year ended 31 March 2023


                                                                                                                     Contributions
                                                                                                                        to defined
                                                                                                                      contribution
                                                                                        Salaries    Discretionary       retirement
                                                                        Fees        and benefits         bonuses              plans             Total
                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000

                    Executive directors
                    Mr. Kwok Chun Sing (Chairman)
                      (Note (vii))                                           –               840              120                   10            970
                    Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao (Chief Executive
                      Officer) (Note (viii))                                 –               276               25                    5            306
                    Mr. Tang Chi Kin (Note (ix))                             –                 –                –                    –              –
                    Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Note (x))                             –             1,123              738                   18          1,879
                    Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Note (xi))                            –             1,123              738                   18          1,879

                    Independent non-executive directors
                    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                             192                 –                –                    –            192
                    Mr. Wan Simon                                          192                 –                –                    –            192
                    Mr. Zhang Jue                                          180                 –                –                    –            180

                                                                           564             3,362            1,621                   51          5,598


                    Notes:

                    (i)      On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 awarded shares were granted to Ms. Kwok Ho Yee as an employee and chief operating
                             officer of the Group. On 12 December 2023, Ms. Kwok Ho Yee was appointed as an executive director.

                    (ii)     On 20 October 2023, Mr. Wan Simon resigned as an independent non-executive director.

                    (iii)    On 12 December 2023, Mr. Zhang Jue resigned as an independent non-executive director.

                    (iv)     On 2 June 2023, Mr. Lam John Cheung-wah was appointed as an independent non-executive director.

                    (v)      On 20 October 2023, Prof. Sit Wing Hang was appointed as an independent non-executive director.

                    (vi)     On 12 December 2023, Mr. Yu Chung Leung was appointed as an independent non-executive director.

                    (vii)    On 12 August 2022, Mr. Kwok Chun Sing was appointed as an executive director and vice chairman of the board of director.
                             On 11 January 2023, Mr. Kwok Chun Sing was appointed as chairman of the board of director. On 12 October 2023,
                             12,420,000 awarded shares were granted to Mr. Kwok Chun Sing.

                    (viii)   On 23 December 2022, Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao was appointed as an executive director. On 11 January 2023, Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao was
                             appointed as chief executive officer. On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 awarded shares were granted to Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao.

                    (ix)     On 24 January 2022, Mr. Tang Chi Kin was appointed as an executive director. On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 awarded
                             shares were granted to Mr. Tang Chi Kin.

                    (x)      On 11 January 2023, Mr. Chan Kam Tong resigned as an executive director and chairman of the board of director.

                    (xi)     On 11 January 2023, Mr. Chan Kam Ming resigned as an executive director and chief executive officer.


142   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2024




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (CONTINUED)

  (b) Five highest paid employees
     The five highest paid employees of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2024 included 3 directors
     (2023: included 2 directors) and their emoluments are set out in Note 12(a). The emoluments of the
     remaining 2 highest paid employees (2023: 3) for the year ended 31 March 2024 are as follows:


                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000


     Salaries and benefits                                                          894               3,329
     Equity-settled share-based payment expense                                  3,612                     –
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                          13                  54


                                                                                 4,519                3,383



     The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the bands is as
     follows:


                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                 No. of              No. of
                                                                             employee           employee


     Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                               –                   –
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                      –                   3
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                     2                    –


                                                                                      2                    3



     During the year ended 31 March 2024, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors or any
     of the five highest paid employees of the Group as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group
     or as compensation for loss of office (2023: Nil). None of the directors, nor the five highest paid
     employees has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2023: None).




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      13. DIVIDEND

             No dividend was paid or proposed to the ordinary shareholders of the Company during 2024, nor has any
             dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2023: Nil).

      14. LOSS PER SHARE

             The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on
             the following data:


                                                                                             Year ended 31 March

                                                                                                 2024              2023


             Loss per share
             Loss for the purposes of basic loss per share (HK$’000)                           78,875           38,065


             Number of share
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
                purposes of basic loss per share                                         1,193,012,048     949,361,473



             For the year ended 31 March 2024, the calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable
             to owners of the Company of approximately HK$78,875,000 (2023: approximately HK$38,065,000) and the
             weighted average number of 1,193,012,048 (2023: 949,361,473) ordinary shares.


             Diluted loss per share are same as the basic loss per share as the performance targets in relations to the
             share award scheme have not yet been met as at 31 March 2024, there is no dilutive potential ordinary
             shares in existence during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: no dilution of shares).




144   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 March 2024




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                  Furniture and      leasehold                      Motor
                                                    equipment     improvement     Machinery       vehicles               Total
                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000


  Cost
  At 1 April 2022                                         1,117          1,122        7,330           726               10,295
  Additions                                                235           9,269           81              –               9,585
  Transfer from right-of-use assets (Note 16)                –               –             –          397                 397
  Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries
    (Note 36(a))                                            75           1,048       11,060           410               12,593
  Disposals                                                  –               -        (6,799)         (239)             (7,038)


  At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                       1,427         11,439       11,672          1,294              25,832
  Additions                                                105               –        5,735           569                6,409
  Disposals                                                  –          (1,122)            –          (260)             (1,382)


  At 31 March 2024                                       1,532         10,317       17,407          1,603              30,859


  Accumulated depreciation
  At 1 April 2022                                          290           1,122           61           482                1,955
  Provided for the year                                    133           2,115        3,601           143                5,992
  Elimination on disposals                                   –               –        (1,282)         (149)             (1,431)


  At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                        423           3,237        2,380           476                6,516
  Provided for the year                                    128           2,722        2,212           428                5,490
  Elimination on disposals                                   –          (1,122)            –          (260)             (1,382)


  At 31 March 2024                                         551          4,837         4,592           644              10,624


  Carrying amount
  At 31 March 2024                                         981          5,480       12,815            959              20,235


  At 31 March 2023                                        1,004          8,202        9,292           818               19,316


  The directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amounts of the property, plant and
  equipment was higher than its carrying amounts, no impairment loss on property, plant and equipment is
  recognised during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   145
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                             Motor          Other     Plant and
                                                                             vehicle    properties    machinery
                                                                          leased for    leased for    leased for
                                                                           own use        own use      own use
                                                                             carried       carried    carried at
                                                                             at cost       at cost         cost      Total
                                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000


             Cost
             At 1 April 2022                                                       –         4,177            –      4,177
             Additions                                                             –        13,071            –     13,071
             Additions through acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36(a))         542          6,135            –      6,677
             Transfer to property, plant and equipment                          (542)            –            –       (542)


             At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                     –        23,383            –     23,383
             Additions                                                             –        12,044         2,783    14,827
             Expiration of lease                                                   –        (4,178)           –      (4,178)


             At 31 March 2024                                                      –       31,249         2,783    34,032


             Accumulated depreciation
             At 1 April 2022                                                       –         3,541            –      3,541
             Provided for the year                                              145          5,998            –      6,143
             Transfer to property, plant and equipment                          (145)            –            –       (145)


             At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                     –         9,539            –      9,539
             Provided for the year                                                 –         8,032          309      8,341
             Expiration of lease                                                   –        (4,178)           –      (4,178)


             At 31 March 2024                                                      –       13,393           309    13,702


             Carrying amount
             At 31 March 2024                                                      –       17,856         2,474    20,330


             At 31 March 2023                                                      –        13,844            –     13,844


             The directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amounts of the right-of-use assets was
             higher than its carrying amounts, no impairment loss on right-of-use assets is recognised during the year
             ended 31 March 2024 (2023: Nil).




146   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

   The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:


                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000


   Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                   368                  358
   Expense relating to short-term leases                                                    104                  186
   Total cash outflow for leases                                                          7,505                5,855



   For the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group leases various offices, warehouses and plant and machinery
   for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 to 10 years (2023: 3 to 6 years). Lease
   terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different terms and conditions. In determining the
   lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a
   contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable. The lease does not include any
   option to renew for an additional period after the end of contractual term.


   During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group entered into a new warehouses lease located in the PRC
   and a plant and machinery lease located in Hong Kong (2023: a new office lease located in Hong Kong).
   Right-of-use assets with the value of HK$14,827,000 (2023: HK$13,071,000, including reinstatement cost of
   HK$4,000,000) and lease liabilities of HK$4,893,000 (2023: HK$9,071,000) were recognised at the
   commencement of the lease. Furthermore, the Group did not recognise any right-of-use assets and lease
   liabilities in relation to lease modification for both years.


   As at 31 March 2024, the Group's right-of-use assets amounted to HK$10,537,000 (2023: HK$13,844,000)
   were located in Hong Kong and the remaining were located in PRC (2023: Nil).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   147
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      17. GOODWILL

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Carrying amount
             At 1 April 2022                                                                                             –
             Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                                      74,691


             At 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024                                                      74,691


             Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purpose to the following CGUs.


             –      Reverse supply chain management business in Hong Kong (“Division A”)
             –      Environmental-related service business in Hong Kong (“Division B”)


             The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 March 2024 allocated to these CGUs are as below:


                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


             Division A                                                                          53,197             53,197
             Division B                                                                          21,494             21,494


                                                                                                 74,691             74,691



             Division A
             The recoverable amount of the Division A is determined based on a value-in-use calculation from a business
             valuation report on the Division A prepared by an independent qualified professional valuer, AP Appraisal
             Limited (2023: AP Appraisal Limited). That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets
             approved by management covering a five-year period (2023: five-year period). Cash flows beyond the
             five-year period (2023: five-year period) are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate stated below which
             is by reference to the forecasts based on the funds available for the Group’s business and does not exceed
             the forecasts included in industry reports. The growth rates used do not exceed the long-term average
             growth rates for the business in which the Division A operates. The cash flows are discounted using the
             discount rate stated below. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to Division
             A.




148   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

  Division A (Continued)
  Key assumption used for the value-in-use calculations are as follows:


                                                                                        2024               2023


  Growth rate                                                                           2.5%               2.5%
  Gross margin                                                                        33.1%             14.29%
  Discount rate                                                                       17.3%               20.2%



  Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on past performance and its expectation for
  market development.


  In addition to goodwill, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets (including
  allocation of corporate assets) that generate cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included
  in the respective cash-generating unit for the purpose of impairment assessment.


  During the year ended 31 March 2024, since the recoverable amount of Division A was larger than its
  carrying amount, the directors of the Company considered that no impairment of goodwill is needed (2023:
  Nil).


  Division B
  The recoverable amount of the Division B is determined based on a value-in-use calculation from a business
  valuation report on the Division B prepared by an independent qualified professional valuer, AP Appraisal
  Limited (2023: AP Appraisal Limited). That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets
  approved by management covering a five-year period (2023: five-year period). Cash flows beyond the
  five-year period (2023: five-year period) are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate stated below which
  is by reference to the forecasts based on the funds available for the Group’s business and does not exceed
  the forecasts included in industry reports. The growth rates used do not exceed the long-term average
  growth rates for the business in which the Division B operates. The cash flows are discounted using the
  discount rate stated below. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to Division
  B.


  Key assumption used for the value-in-use calculations are as follows:


                                                                                        2024               2023


  Growth rate                                                                           2.5%               2.5%
  Gross margin                                                                          39%             40.07%
  Discount rate                                                                       17.4%             17.03%




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   149
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

             Division B (Continued)
             Management determined the budgeted gross margin based on past performance and its expectation for
             market development.


             During the year ended 31 March 2024, since the recoverable amount of Division B was larger than its
             carrying amount, the directors of the Company considered that no impairment of goodwill is needed (2023:
             Nil).


      18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                            Licenses
                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Cost
             At 1 April 2022                                                                                   1,500
             Additions through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a))                                        4,200


             At 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024                                                 5,700


             Accumulated depreciation
             At 1 April 2022                                                                                     375
             Amortisation for the year                                                                         1,870


             At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                 2,245
             Amortisation for the year                                                                         2,055


             At 31 March 2024                                                                                 4,300


             Carrying amounts
             At 31 March 2024                                                                                 1,400


             At 31 March 2023                                                                                  3,455


             The directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amounts of the intangible assets was higher
             than its carrying amounts, no impairment loss on intangible assets is recognised during the year ended 31
             March 2024 (2023: Nil).




150   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 March 2024




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                                       HK$’000


   Cost of investment in associates                                                                                                      27,720
   Additions arising from acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 36(a))                                                                        3,979
   Share of post acquisition losses and other comprehensive expenses                                                                     (1,716)
   Derecognition upon step acquisition (Note 36(a))                                                                                     (26,619)


   At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                                                         3,364
   Capital reduction by an associate (Note (ii))                                                                                              (327)
   Capital contribution in an associate (Note (iv))                                                                                              5
   Share of post acquisition profits and other comprehensive expenses                                                                          102
   Partial disposal (Note (iii))                                                                                                              (820)


   At 31 March 2024                                                                                                                       2,324


   The following table contains the particulars of associates, which are unlisted corporate entities whose
   quoted market price is not available:


                                        Place of               Particulars of
                                        incorporation/         issued and paid-up
                                        registration and       capital/registered                 Proportion of
   Name of associate                    operation              share capital                    ownership interest      Principal activity
                                                                                              31 March      31 March
                                                                                                  2024          2023


   晉揚（深圳）新能源生態                          The PRC                Registered capital                  40%            40% Provision of data
         有限公司（“Chun Yang                                         RMB52,000,000 (2023:                                   destruction services
         Shenzhen”）                                              RMB52,000,000)
         (Note (i) and Note (ii))


   China Resources Chun Yang     Hong Kong                     2,000,000 ordinary                  29%            49% Provision of data
     Technology Company                                          shares (2023:                                          destruction services
     Limited (“China Resources”)                                 2,000,000 ordinary
     (Note (i) and Note (iii))                                   shares)


   Gotion Evs Greenwise Low             Hong Kong              10,000 ordinary shares              49%               – Research and
    Carbon Research Institute                                    (2023: N/A)                                             development of energy
    Limited (“Gotion EVS”)                                                                                               storage products and
    (Note (iv))                                                                                                          other low-carbon
                                                                                                                         technology applications

   Notes:

   (i)       These associates were acquired through acquisition of subsidiary as set out in Note 36(a). Pursuant to the articles of association, the
             Group only has significant influence on these entities as the other shareholder of each of these entities has the enough voting
             power to control and operate these entities. Thus, these entities are accounted for as associates by the Group.


                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     151
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
             Notes:

             (ii)     There was a capital reduction by Chun Yang Shenzhen at an amount of HK$327,000 during the year ended 31 March 2024. There
                      was no change in the Group's ownership interest in the Chun Yang Shenzhen as at 31 March 2024.

             (iii)    On 6 July 2023, Chun Yang International (HK) Company Limited (“Chun Yang”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
                      into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party, pursuant to which Chun Yang agreed to sell and the
                      independent third party agreed to purchase 20% equity interest in China Resources Chun Yang Technology Company Limited at a
                      consideration of HK$820,000. No gain or loss on disposal of interest in an associate is recognised during the year ended 31 March
                      2024.

             (iv)     On 9 January 2024, Envision Greenwise New Energy International Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
                      contributed capital of approximately HK$5,000 in Gotion EVS, representing 49% ownership interest in the investee. Gotion EVS was
                      incorporated on the same date.

             All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.


             Summarised financial information of the material associate and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the
             consolidated financial statements are disclosed below:


             (a) Chun Yang Shenzhen
                      Summarised financial information of Chun Yang Shenzhen, adjusted for any differences in accounting
                      policies, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements, are
                      disclosed below:


                                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                 HK$’000


                      Non-current assets                                                                                  216                   312
                      Current assets                                                                                    1,067                 1,818
                      Current liabilities                                                                                 (64)                  (60)
                      Equity                                                                                            1,219                 2,070
                      Revenue                                                                                             363                   820
                      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                                    (33)               (1,360)



                      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information of Chun Yang Shenzhen to the carrying
                      amount of the interest in associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                 HK$’000


                      Net assets of the associate                                                                       1,219                 2,070
                      Group’s effective interest                                                                         40%                   40%
                      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                        488                   828


                      Goodwill (Note)                                                                                     604                    604


                      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                          1,092                 1,432


                      Note: For the year ended 31 March 2024, the directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amount of Chun Yang
                            Shenzhen was higher than its carrying amount, no impairment loss on interests in associates relating to Chun Yang Shenzhen
                            is recognised during the year.


152   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

   (b) China Resources

                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


      Non-current assets                                                                                     1                      –
      Current assets                                                                                    4,211                  4,161
      Current liabilities                                                                                  (22)                 (251)
      Equity                                                                                            4,190                  3,910
      Revenue                                                                                               50                      –
      Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                 280                   (146)



      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information of China Resources to the carrying
      amount of the interest in associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Net assets of the associate                                                                      4,190                  3,910
      Group’s effective interest                                                                         29%                    49%
      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                     1,215                  1,916


      Goodwill (Note)                                                                                       16                    16


      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                                         1,231                  1,932


      Note: For the year ended 31 March 2024, the directors of the Company considered that the recoverable amount of China
            Resources was higher than its carrying amount, no impairment loss on interests in associates relating to China Resources is
            recognised during the year.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000


             Listed shares in Hong Kong, at fair value (Note (a))                                                        2,684                 14,722
             Unlisted investment fund in Hong Kong, at fair value (Note (b))                                           22,727                  12,997


                                                                                                                       25,411                  27,719



             Notes:

             (a)      The above listed equity investments represent ordinary shares of an entity listed in Hong Kong. These investments are not held for
                      trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company have elected to designate these
                      investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Changes in fair value are recognised in the other comprehensive income as they
                      arise.

                      Certain listed equity investments were disposed during the year due to risk monitoring consideration. The fair value of the listed
                      equity investments at the date of derecognition was HK$9,037,000 (2023: HK$20,250,000) and the cumulative gain on disposal of
                      HK$1,169,000 (2023: HK$10,950,000) has been transferred to retained earnings.

                      The fair value of the listed equity investments is measured using quoted market price available on the Stock Exchange which was a
                      level 1 input in terms of HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.

             (b)      The above unlisted equity investments represent the Group’s equity interest in a private investment fund established in Hong Kong.
                      These investments are not held for trading, instead, they are held for long-term strategic purposes. The directors of the Company
                      have elected to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Changes in fair value are recognised in the other
                      comprehensive income as they arise.

                      The fair value of the unlisted equity investments is measured using adjusted net assets approach which was a level 3 input in terms
                      of HKFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.




154   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




21. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


   Trade receivables – contracts with customers                                     61,161              40,205
   Less: loss allowance                                                                (384)             (2,392)


                                                                                    60,777              37,813



   The Group grants an average credit period of 30 days to its trade customers of contract works. Application
   for progress payments of contract works is made on a regular basis. The Group grants the credit period of
   30 to 60 days for its customers of its reverse supply chain management and environmental-related services
   business. Further details of the movement of impairment losses and the Group’s credit policy and credit risk
   arising from trade receivables are set out in Note 40.


   Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the Group does not hold any collateral or other
   enhancements over these balances.


   The following is an analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) by age, presented based on the
   invoice dates:


                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


   Within 30 days                                                                   37,180              23,260
   31 to 90 days                                                                    11,721                5,869
   91 to 120 days                                                                     4,316               7,044
   121 to 365 days                                                                    7,560                 571
   Over one year but less than two years                                                   –              1,069


                                                                                    60,777              37,813




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      22. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


             Non-current
             Deposits                                                                            9,588             1,604
             Deposits paid for property, plant and equipment                                       857                 –
             Advance to an independent third party                                               2,275                 –


                                                                                               12,720              1,604


             Current
             Trade deposits                                                                   391,550                  –
             Other deposits                                                                     2,245              1,983
             Prepayments                                                                       10,354             15,323
             Advance to an independent third party                                             11,813                  –
             Othe receivables                                                                   4,509              3,836
             Less: Loss allowance                                                                   –               (680)


                                                                                              420,471             20,462


             Total                                                                            433,191             22,066



             As at 31 March 2024, included in deposits of approximately HK$7,939,000 (2023: Nil) represents deposits
             paid to the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the tender of a 20-year lease
             of land use rights in Hong Kong.

             The balances of other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group’s
             other receivables were neither past due nor impaired as at 31 March 2024 and 2023.

             As at 31 March 2024, included in other receivables are balances of HK$237,000 (2023: HK$484,000) due from
             a related party, which is a company wholly-owned by a director (2023: a director of a subsidiary) of the
             Group. The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

             Included in trade deposits of approximately HK$258,714,000 and HK$132,836,000 represents deposits paid
             to certain suppliers to secure the procurement of industrial materials and black mass from recycled batteries
             at a later time of the year. The Group has received deposits from its customers in relation to the purchase
             of industrial materials and black mass from recycled batteries , with an amount of approximately
             HK$260,642,000 and HK$132,831,000 respectively and were recognised as contract liabilities as at 31 March
             2024 (Note 30).

             The trade deposits and contract liabilities are both expected to be realised as purchases and sales within
             one year.

             The Group has provided an advance to an independent third party where its principal activities belongs to
             research and development of smart recycling bin is denominated in Hong Kong dollars, unsecured, interest
             bearing at 10% per annum and repayable according to schedule. Interest income of approximately
             HK$587,000 (2023: Nil) has been recognised in “other income, gains and losses” in the consolidated
             statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income during the year.



156   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




23. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


  Contract assets arising from:
  Construction services                                                            117,177              75,782
  Less: loss allowance                                                                (361)               (317)


                                                                                   116,816              75,465



  Construction services
  The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
  construction period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of
  significant contract assets. Additionally, the Group typically agrees one to three years retention period for
  5% of the contract sum, which is kept in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group’s
  entitlement to it is conditional on the Group’s work satisfactorily passing inspection.

  Movements in the gross carrying amounts of contract assets:


                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


  Balance at beginning of the year                                                  75,782             142,392
  Decrease in contract assets as a result of transferring from contract
    assets to trade receivables                                                     (47,543)          (134,292)
  Increase in contract assets as the contract progresses                             88,938             67,682


  Balance at end of the year                                                       117,177              75,782



  The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 March 2024 and 2023 is as
  follows:


                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


  Within one year                                                                  116,816              75,465



  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs. The
  provision rates for the measurement of the ECLs of the contract assets are with reference to those of the
  trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The
  provision rates of contract assets are with reference to days past due of trade receivables appropriately
  grouped by similar loss pattern. The calculation reflects the probability weighted outcome, the time value of
  money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
  events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions. Further details of the Group’s credit
  risk policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out in Note 40.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

             Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash on hand and bank balances. As at 31 March 2024, bank balances
             carry interest at prevailing market interest rates which were ranging from 0.001% to 3.2% (2023: 0.001% to
             2.58%) per annum.


             Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged to a bank to secure banking facilities granted to the
             Group as a security for issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction contracts. As at 31
             March 2024, the pledged bank deposits carried a fixed interest rate of 2% per annum (2023: 3% per annum).


      25. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES

                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000


             Trade payables                                                                                   124,684                 49,788
             Retention money payables (Note)                                                                    27,979                22,661


                                                                                                              152,663                 72,449


             Note: Retention monies to sub-contractors of contract works are released by the Group after the completion of maintenance period of
                   the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts.


             An aging analysis of trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice dates, is as
             follows:


                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000


             Within 30 days                                                                                     38,269                23,665
             31 to 90 days                                                                                        9,145               14,933
             91 to 120 days                                                                                       1,082                 2,903
             121 to 365 days                                                                                    72,793                  4,159
             Over 365 days                                                                                        3,395                 4,128


                                                                                                              124,684                 49,788




158   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




26. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


  Accruals                                                                                              5,212                  4,318
  Other payables (Note)                                                                                 5,633                26,411
  Provision for contracting costs                                                                       7,384                  5,110
  Deposit received                                                                                      3,048                  5,862


                                                                                                      21,277                 41,701



  Note:

  As at 31 March 2023, the other payables includes an amount due to a director of a subsidiary of the Group amounting to HK$20,458,000.
  The amounts was fully settled during the year ended 31 March 2024.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      27. BANK BORROWING

                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000


             Interest-bearing borrowing - unsecured                                                               8,686                      –




                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000


             The carrying amounts are repayable*:
             Within one year                                                                                        772                      –
             Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                                      801                      –
             Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years                                  2,582                      –
             Within a period of more than five years                                                              4,531                      –


                                                                                                                  8,686                      –



             *      The amount due is based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreement. However, as the bank borrowing contained
                    a repayable on demand clause and therefore the Group’s bank borrowing is classified as current liabilities.


             The weighted average effective interest rate per annum of the interest being borrowing as at 31 March 2024
             is approximately 3.625%.


             The borrowing is in Hong Kong dollars.


             The interest-bearing borrowing are guaranteed by Mr. Kwok Chun Sing, the ultimate controlling party of the
             Company.


             The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants and does not consider it is probable that
             the banks will exercise their discretion to demand repayment so long as the Group continues to make
             payments according to the schedule of the loans. Further details of the Group's management of liquidity
             risk are set out in Note 40. As at 31 March 2024, none of the covenants relating to drawn down facilities had
             been breached.




160   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 March 2024




28. PROMISSORY NOTE PAYABLES

   On 8 August 2022, the Company issued promissory note with a fair value of HK$41,460,000 which will
   mature in one year from the date of issuance carrying interest at 5% per annum. The directors of the
   Company considered that no derivatives were embedded in the promissory note payable and it is
   appropriate to use amortised cost to account for the promissory note payable in the consolidated
   statement of financial position.


   On 21 March 2023, the Company and the ultimate holding company of the Company entered into the
   subscription and debt capitalisation agreement pursuant to which the parties conditionally agreed that the
   ultimate holding company shall subscribe for, and the Company shall allot and issue, 103,650,000
   capitalisation shares at the capitalisation price to settle the promissory notes. The transaction was
   completed on 15 May 2023 and the effective interest expenses of promissory note of HK$255,000 (2023:
   HK$1,477,000) was recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
   income for the year ended 31 March 2024.


   During the year ended 31 March 2024, interest expenses on promissory notes of HK$1,732,000 was waived
   by the ultimate holding company which was considered as a deemed contribution from the ultimate holding
   company.


29. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                  Motor          Other      Plant and
                                                                  vehicle    properties    machinery
                                                               leased for    leased for    leased for
                                                                own use        own use       own use
                                                                  carried       carried     carried at
                                                                  at cost       at cost          cost              Total
                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


   At 1 April 2022                                                      –          688              –                688
   Additions                                                            –         9,071             –              9,071
   Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 36(a))         494          7,041             –              7,535
   Interest expense                                                   21           337              –                358
   Lease payments                                                    (515)       (5,154)            –             (5,669)
   Covid-19 related rental concessions                                  –          (138)            –               (138)


   At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                    –        11,845             –             11,845
   Additions                                                            –         3,043         1,850              4,893
   Interest expense                                                     –          321             47                368
   Lease payment                                                        –        (7,150)         (251)            (7,401)


   At 31 March 2024                                                     –        8,059          1,646             9,705




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      29. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

             The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
             the reporting period:


                                                                                                                Present
                                                                     Total minimum        Total future     value of the
                                                                                lease         interest minimum lease
                                                                           payments          expenses         payments
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


             At 31 March 2024
             Not later than one year                                           7,032               296            6,736
             Later than one year and not later than two years                  2,171                93            2,078
             Later than two years and not later than five years                  905                14              891


                                                                              10,108               403            9,705


             At 31 March 2023
             Not later than one year                                           7,151               289            6,862
             Later than one year and not later than two years                  5,077                94            4,983


                                                                              12,228               383           11,845



             The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


             Current liabilities                                                                 6,736             6,862
             Non-current liabilities                                                             2,969             4,983


                                                                                                 9,705            11,845




162   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024




30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

   As at 31 March 2024, included in contract liabilities is a trade deposits of approximately HK$260,642,000
   received by the Group from new customers for the sales of industrial materials, the Group receives the
   deposits before the industrial materials are delivered, give rise to contract liabilities until revenue is
   recognised.

   As at 31 March 2024, included in contract liabilities is a trade deposits of approximately HK$132,831,000
   received by the Group from new customers for the sales of black mass from recycled batteries, the Group
   receives the deposits before the black mass from recycled batteries are delivered, give rise to contract
   liabilities until revenue is recognised.

   All contract liabilities is expected to be recognised as revenue within one year.


31. AMOUNTS DUE TO THE ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY/
    ASSOCIATES
   The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


32. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)

   The component of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
   position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                 Fair value
                                                            adjustments on
                                                             acquisition of
                                                               subsidiaries        Tax losses              Total
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000


   At 1 April 2022                                                         –             1,175              1,175
   Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary
     (Note 36(a))                                                       (693)                –                (693)
   Credited to profit or loss (Note 11)                                  185               600                 785


   At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                    (508)            1,775              1,267
   Credited to profit or loss (Note 11)                                  277                 –                277


   At 31 March 2024                                                     (231)           1,775               1,544




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      32. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONTINUED)

             Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that utilisation of the related
             tax losses through the future taxable profits is probable. The tax losses can be utilised for offsetting future
             taxable profits of the Group.


             At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$71,448,000 (2023:
             HK$50,009,000) available for offset against future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in
             respect of approximately HK$10,757,000 (2023: HK$10,757,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has
             been recognised in respect of the remaining approximately HK$60,691,000 (2023: HK$39,252,000) due to the
             unpredictability of future profit streams. The unrecognised tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.


      33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                               Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                       148,179            148,179
             Property, plant and equipment                                                       11,055             14,073
             Right-of-use assets                                                                  4,918              8,852
             Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                        25,411             27,719


                                                                                               189,563            198,823


             Current assets
             Amount due from subsidiaries                                                        54,017             54,314
             Prepayments and other receivables                                                    1,456              1,139
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                              778              3,249


                                                                                                 56,251             58,702


             Current liabilities
             Accruals                                                                             3,681              3,785
             Amount due to a subsidiary                                                             798             13,349
             Promissory note payables                                                                  –            42,937
             Lease liabilities                                                                    3,023              2,650


                                                                                                  7,502             62,721


             Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                    48,749             (4,019)




164   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2024




33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)

                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                               Notes          HK$’000             HK$’000


  Non-current liabilities
  Provision for reinstatement costs                                                 4,000             4,000
  Lease liabilities                                                                  515              3,546


                                                                                    4,515             7,546


  NET ASSETS                                                                      233,797          187,258


  Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                                 34                 12,550             9,595
  Reserves                                                      34                221,247          177,663


  TOTAL EQUITY                                                                    233,797          187,258



  The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of
  directors on 26 June 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                      Kwok Chun Sing                                 Zhan Zhi Hao
                         Director                                      Director




                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      34. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                         shares              Amount
                                                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Authorised:
             Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
             At 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                    1,500,000,000                  15,000
             Increase in authorised share capital (Note (a))                                                    1,500,000,000                  15,000


             At 31 March 2024                                                                                   3,000,000,000                  30,000


             Issued and fully paid:
             Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
             At 1 April 2022                                                                                      827,487,500                    8,275
             Issue of shares (Note (b) and (c))                                                                   132,000,000                    1,320


             At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                    959,487,500                    9,595


             Issue of shares (Note (d) and (e))                                                                   191,890,000                    1,919
             Issue of shares under debt capitalisation (Note (f))                                                 103,650,000                    1,036


             At 31 March 2024                                                                                 1,255,027,500                   12,550

             Notes:

             (a)      Pursuant to a resolution passed on 28 September 2023, the Company approved the increase in authorised share capital of the
                      Company from HK$15,000,000 divided into 1,500,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each to HK$30,000,000 divided into
                      3,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each.

             (b)      On 29 April 2022, the Company issued a total of 90,000,000 ordinary shares to Chun Yip for the acquisition of 40% equity interest in
                      Chun Yang.

             (c)      On 29 April 2022, the Company issued a total of 42,000,000 ordinary shares to independent third parties as the consideration for
                      the acquisition of 95% equity interest in Cornerstone Energy Limited (“Cornerstone”).

             (d)      On 11 April 2023, the Company placed an aggregate of 45,000,000 new shares to independent third parties at the placing price of
                      HK$0.4 per placing share. The gross proceeds of the placing were approximately HK$18,000,000. The net proceeds of the placing
                      were approximately HK$17,989,000 after deducting the relevant expenses for the placing. Details of this share placing are set out in
                      the Company’s announcements dated 21 March 2023, 23 March 2023 and 11 April 2023.

             (e)      On 1 August 2023, the Company placed an aggregate of 146,890,000 new shares to independent third parties, at the placing price
                      of HK$0.245 per placing share. The gross proceeds of the placing were approximately HK$35,988,000. The net proceeds of the
                      placing were approximately HK$35,908,000 after deducting the relevant expenses for the placing. Details of this share placing are
                      set out in the Company’s announcements dated 20 July 2023 and 1 August 2023.




166   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 March 2024




34. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)
  (f)    On 21 March 2023, the Company and the ultimate holding company of the Company entered into the subscription and debt
         capitalisation agreement pursuant to which the ultimate holding company agreed to subscribe for, and the Company agreed to
         allot and issue 103,650,000 capitalisation shares (“Capitalisation Share”) at the capitalisation price of HK$0.4 per Capitalisation
         Share to settle the promissory notes at a sum of HK$41,460,000 (“Debt Capitalisation”). The Debt Capitalisation was completed on
         15 May 2023, and the net amounts of the Debt Capitalisation were approximately HK$41,396,000 after deducting the relevant
         expenses. Details of the Debt Capitalisation are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 21 March 2023, 9 May 2023 and 15
         May 2023 and the circular dated 14 April 2023.


  Reserves
  Details of movements of the Group’s reserves are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
  equity on page 96.


  (i)    Share premium
         Share premium is the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the shares of the
         Company issued at a premium, less the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issue of
         the shares.


  (ii)   Capital reserve
         Capital reserve represents the aggregate of the share capital of Head Fame Company Limited and
         investment from pre-IPO investors amounted to HK$15,550,000 and the waiver of interest expenses on
         promissory notes issued to the ultimate holding company by the ultimate holding company of
         HK$1,732,000 which was considered as a deemed contribution from the ultimate holding company.


  (iii) Retained earnings/accumulated losses
         Retained earnings/accumulated losses represent the cumulative profit or loss recognised.


  (iv) Fair value reserve
         The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the equity instruments of financial assets
         measured at FVOCI at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with the
         accounting policies set out in Note 4.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      34. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

             Reserves (Continued)
             Details of movements of the Company’s reserves are set out below.


                                                                                                                      Share-based
                                                                  Share   Contributed   Fair value    Accumulated       payments
                                                               premium        surplus     reserve          losses         reserve     Total
                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000   HK$’000


             At 1 April 2022                                     95,090        60,139            –         (24,522)             –   130,707
             Loss for the year                                        –             –            –         (22,355)             –   (22,355)
             Other comprehensive income for the year
                – change in fair value of equity instruments
                at FVTOCI                                             –             –       7,931                –              –     7,931


             Total comprehensive income/(expense)
                for the year                                          –             –       7,931          (22,355)             –    (14,424)


             Disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI                 –             –      (10,950)        10,950               –          –
             Shares issued for settlement of consideration
                in relation to acquisition of an associate       41,850             –            –               –              –    41,850
             Shares issued for settlement of acquisition of
                a subsidiary                                     19,530             –            –               –              –    19,530


             At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                  156,470        60,139       (3,019)        (35,927)             –   177,663

             Loss for the year                                        –             –            –         (77,880)             –    (77,880)
             Other comprehensive income for the year
                – change in fair value of equity instruments
                at FVTOCI                                             –             –       6,729                –              –     6,729


             Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the
                year                                                  –             –       6,729          (77,880)             –    (71,151)


             Disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI                 –             –       (1,169)         1,169               –         –
             Issue of shares under placing arrangement           51,978             –            –              –               –    51,978
             Issue of shares under debt capitalisation           40,360             –            –              –               –    40,360
             Deemed contribution from the ultimate
                 holding company                                      –         1,732            –               –              –     1,732
             Recognition of equity-settled share-based
                 payments                                             –             –            –               –         20,665    20,665


             At 31 March 2024                                  248,808        61,871        2,541        (112,638)        20,665    221,247




168   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 March 2024




35. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   The following list contains only the particulars of the major subsidiaries with active operations of the Group
   during the year:

                                Place of                           Issued and fully paid
                                incorporation        Place of      ordinary share capital/     Percentage of equity attributable to
   Name of subsidiary           establishment        operation     registered capital                    the Company                           Principal activities
                                                                                                2024                       2023
                                                                                             Direct    Indirect        Direct       Indirect


   Century Success Limited      British Virgin Islands Hong Kong   US$300                    100%              –         100%             –    Investment holding

   Head Fame Company Limited    Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$500,000                     –        100%              –        100%     Provision of superstructure
                                                                                                                                                 building and RMAA works
                                                                                                                                                 service as a main contractor

   Chun Yang                    Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$10,000                 100%              –         100%             –    Provision of reverse supply chain
                                                                                                                                                 management and
                                                                                                                                                 environmental–related
                                                                                                                                                 services

   Cornerstone                  Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$10,000                  95%              –          95%             –    Provision of technology for
                                                                                                                                                 recycling retired EV batteries

   Builders Company Limited     Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$300,000                     –        100%              –        100%     Provision of EV charging and
                                                                                                                                                 electrical works

   Chun Yang Copper New         Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$1,000                       –        100%              –        100%     Trading of industrial products
     Material Company Limited

   Envision Greenwise New       Hong Kong            Hong Kong     HK$1,000                       –        100%              –        100%     Provision of reverse supply chain
      Energy International                                                                                                                       management and
      Company Limited                                                                                                                            environmental–related
                                                                                                                                                 services




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024             169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

             For the year ended 31 March 2023
            (a)     Acquisition of Chun Yang
                    The Group held 40% equity interest in Chun Yang since 29 April 2022 (the “Existing Shareholding”).


                    Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 15 July 2022, the Company entered
                    into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party, pursuant to which the vendor
                    agreed to sell and the Company agreed to purchase a further 60% equity interests of Chun Yang.


                    On 8 August 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 60% of equity interest of Chun Yang for a
                    consideration of HK$41,460,000 which was settled by the way of the issue of the promissory notes in
                    the aggregate principal amount of HK$41,460,000, bearing an interest of 5% per annum and due
                    within one year by the Company to the vendor.


                    On 21 March 2023, the Company and the ultimate holding company of the Company entered into the
                    subscription and debt capitalisation agreement pursuant to which the parties conditionally agreed that
                    the ultimate holding company shall subscribe for, and the Company shall allot and issue, 103,650,000
                    capitalisation shares at the capitalisation price to settle the promissory notes. The transaction has not
                    yet completed as at 31 March 2023 and has been subsequently completed on 15 May 2023.


                    Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$130,000 are expensed and are included in
                    administrative and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2023.




170   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024




36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   For the year ended 31 March 2023 (Continued)
   (a)   Acquisition of Chun Yang (Continued)
         The relative fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
         is analysed as follows:

                                                                                                          HK$’000


         Consideration

         Promissory note payables as at issue date                                                          41,460
         Fair value of the Existing Shareholding                                                            26,619


         Total consideration                                                                                68,079


                                                                      Chun Yang
                                                                carrying amount
                                                                          before      Fair value
                                                                    combination      adjustment          Fair value
                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000


         Plant and equipment                                              12,593               –             12,593
         Right-of-use assets                                               6,677               –              6,677
         Intangible assets                                                     –           4,200              4,200
         Deposits                                                          1,561               –              1,561
         Interests in associates                                           3,979               –              3,979
         Other receivable, deposits and prepayments                        7,149               –              7,149
         Trade receivables                                                 3,395               –              3,395
         Inventories                                                         177               –                177
         Cash and cash equivalents                                        15,605               –             15,605
         Accrued expenses and other payables                             (25,326)              –            (25,326)
         Trade payables                                                   (2,883)              –             (2,883)
         Lease liabilities                                                (7,535)              –             (7,535)
         Bank and other borrowings                                        (4,017)              –             (4,017)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                              –            (693)              (693)


         Total identified net assets at fair value                       11,375            3,507            14,882


         Goodwill arising on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                    53,197


         Total consideration                                                                                68,079


         Net cash inflow of cash and cash equivalents include
          in cash flows from investing activities
         Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                        15,605


                                                                                                            15,605


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

             For the year ended 31 March 2023 (Continued)
             (a)    Acquisition of Chun Yang (Continued)

                    Goodwill arising on acquisition:
                                                                                                                HK$’000


                    Consideration transferred                                                                     68,079
                    Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                              (14,882)


                    Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                               53,197


                    Goodwill was arisen in the acquisition of Chun Yang. The consideration paid for the combination
                    effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue of growth,
                    future market development and the assembled workforce of Chun Yang. These benefits are not
                    recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                    intangible assets.


                    None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition was expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


                    Included in the loss for the year ended 31 March 2023 is HK$17,793,000 attributable to the additional
                    business contributed by Chun Yang. Revenue for the year ended 31 March 2023 includes
                    HK$10,795,000 generated from Chun Yang.


                    Had the acquisition of Chun Yang been completed on 1 April 2022, revenue for the year ended 31
                    March 2023 of the Group would have been HK$17,173,000, and loss for the year ended 31 March 2023
                    would have been HK$20,031,000. The pro forma information was for illustrative purposes only and was
                    not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would
                    have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2022, nor was it intended to be a
                    projection of future results.




172   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   For the year ended 31 March 2023 (Continued)
  (b) Acquisition of Cornerstone
      Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 25 February 2022, the Company
      entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent vendor, pursuant to which the
      vendor agreed to sell and the Company agreed to purchase 95% equity interests of Cornerstone.


      On 29 April 2022, the Group completed the acquisition of 95% of equity interest of Cornerstone for a
      consideration settled by the allotment and issue of 42,000,000 new shares of the Company to the
      vendor, which amounted to approximately HK$19,950,000 based on the Company’s closing share price
      on 29 April 2022.


      Acquisition-related costs of approximately HK$50,000 were expensed and included in administrative
      and other expenses during the year ended 31 March 2023.


      The relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date is analysed as
      follows:


                                                                                                      HK$’000


      Consideration

      Fair value of 42,000,000 shares at HK$0.475 each issued at the acquisition date                   19,950


                                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                                                     HK$’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             599
      Accrued expenses and other payables                                                                (2,224)


      Total identified net liabilities at fair value                                                     (1,625)


      Non-controlling interest                                                                              81
      Goodwill arising on acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   21,494


      Total consideration                                                                               19,950


      Net cash inflow of cash and cash equivalents include in cash flows from
       investing activities
      Cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                           599


                                                                                                            599




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      36. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

             For the year ended 31 March 2023 (Continued)
             (b) Acquisition of Cornerstone (Continued)
                    The non-controlling interests (5%) in Cornerstone recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                    reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Cornerstone and
                    amounted to HK$81,000.


                    Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                    Consideration transferred                                                                     19,950
                    Add: recognised amounts of net liabilities acquired                                            1,625
                    Less: non-controlling interests                                                                  (81)


                    Goodwill arising on acquisition:                                                              21,494


                    Goodwill was arisen in the acquisition of Cornerstone. The consideration paid for the combination
                    effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue of growth,
                    future market development and the assembled workforce of Cornerstone. These benefits are not
                    recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                    intangible assets.


                    None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition was expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
                    Included in the profit for the year ended 31 March 2023 is HK$240,000 attributable to the additional
                    business generated by Cornerstone. Revenue for the year ended 31 March 2023 includes
                    HK$7,220,000 generated from Cornerstone.


                    Had the acquisition of Cornerstone been completed on 1 April 2022, revenue for the year ended 31
                    March 2023 of the Group would have been HK$7,679,000, and profit for the year ended 31 March 2023
                    would have been HK$10,000. The pro forma information was for illustrative purposes only and was not
                    necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have
                    been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2022, nor was it intended to be a
                    projection of future results.




174   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 March 2024




37. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   Performance bonds
   As at 31 March 2024, performance bonds of HK$42,180,000 (2023: HK$42,180,000) were given by banks in
   favour of the Group’s customers as security for the due performance and observance of the Group’s
   obligations under the contracts entered into between the Group and its customers. If the Group fails to
   provide satisfactory performance to its customers to whom performance bonds have been given, such
   customers may demand the banks to pay to them the sum or sum stipulated in such demand. The Group
   will become liable to compensate such banks accordingly. The performance bonds will be released upon
   completion of the contract works. The performance bonds were granted under the banking facilities of the
   Group which were secured by assets as set out in Note 24.


   Management of the Group do not consider it is probable that a claim will be made against the Group in
   respect of the above performance bonds.


   Litigation
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group was a defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential
   claims relating to employee’s compensation cases and personal injury claims. In the opinion of the
   directors, the possibility of any outflow of resources in settling these claims is remote and accordingly no
   provision for liabilities in respect of these litigations is necessary.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      38. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

             Key management personnel remuneration represents emoluments paid to the directors of the Company as
             set out in Note 12.


      39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

             (a) Significant non-cash transactions
                    During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company allot and issue 103,650,000 Capitalisation Share
                    to the ultimate holding company at the capitalisation price of HK$0.4 per Capitalisation Share to settle
                    the promissory notes at a sum of HK$41,460,000. The transaction cost for the Debt Capitalisation was
                    amounted HK$64,000. During the year ended 31 March 2024, interest expenses on promissory notes
                    of HK$1,732,000 was waived by the ultimate holding company which was considered as a deemed
                    contribution from the ultimate holding company.


                    During the year ended 31 March 2023, the consideration for the acquisition of 40% equity interest in
                    Chun Yang amounted HK$42,750,000 and the consideration for the acquisition of 95% equity interest
                    in Cornerstone amounted HK$19,950,000 are settled by issuing of 90,000,000 and 42,000,000 shares of
                    the Company respectively.




176   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 March 2024




39. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    (CONTINUED)

  (b) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                      Amounts
                                                     due to the
                                                       ultimate
                                                        holding        Lease           Bank
                                                      company      liabilities   borrowings              Total
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000            HK$’000


      At 1 April 2022                                         –           688              –                688
      Interest paid                                           –          (358)           (66)              (424)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                         –        (5,311)             –             (5,311)
      Repayments of bank borrowings                           –             –         (4,017)            (4,017)
      Repayments of amount due to the ultimate
         holding company                                 (4,839)            –              –             (4,839)


      Total changes from financing cash flows            (4,839)       (5,669)        (4,083)           (14,591)

      Other changes:
      Lease additions                                         –        9,071              –               9,071
      Addition through acquisition of a subsidiary       10,509        7,535          4,017              22,061
      Covid-19 related rent concessions                       –         (138)             –                (138)
      Interest expenses                                       –          358             66                 424


      At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                   5,670       11,845              –              17,515
      Interest paid                                           –         (368)          (134)               (502)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                         –       (7,033)             –              (7,033)
      New bank loans raised                                   –            –          9,000               9,000
      Repayments to bank borrowings                           –            –           (314)               (314)
      Repayments of amount due to the ultimate
         holding company                                 (5,670)            –              –             (5,670)


      Total changes from financing cash flows            (5,670)       (7,401)        8,552              (4,519)

      Other changes:
      Lease additions                                         –        4,893              –               4,893
      Interest expenses                                       –          368            134                 502


      At 31 March 2024                                        –       9,705           8,686             18,391




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   177
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

             The Group’s principal financial assets are trade receivables, contract assets, deposits, advance to an
             independent third party and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits that
             derive directly from its operations. Principal financial liabilities of the Group include trade and retention
             money payables, accruals and other payables, bank borrowing, promissory note payables, amounts due to
             the ultimate holding company/associates and lease liabilities. The main purpose of these financial liabilities
             is to finance the Group’s operations.


             The Group has not issued and does not hold any financial instruments for trading purposes at the end of
             each of the reporting period. The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk
             (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and equity price risk.


             The Groups' financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate resources are available to
             manage the above risks and to create value for its shareholders.


             Market risk
            Currency risk
             The Group’s exposure to currency risk mainly arises from the fluctuation of US$ and RMB against the
             functional currencies of the relevant group entities. The carrying amounts of the foreign currency
             denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities other than the functional currencies of the group
             entities are as follows. The management closely monitors foreign exchange exposure to mitigate the
             foreign currency risk.


             The carrying amounts of the group entities’ foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at
             the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                         Financial assets                 Financial liabilities

                                                                           2024              2023            2024             2023
                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$,000


             RMB                                                          1,941             1,451             225                 –
             US$                                                       398,051              7,012         400,517             3,932


            Sensitivity analysis
             The group entities are mainly exposed to the exchange rate risk on HK$ against RMB and US for the foreign
             currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. The directors of the Company consider that, as HK$
             is pegged to US$, the Group is not subject to significant foreign currency risk from change in foreign
             exchange rate of HK$ against US$ and vice versa. No sensitivity analysis on currency risk is presented as the
             directors of the Company consider the exposure to currency risk is insignificant.




178   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 March 2024




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  Market risk (Continued)
  Interest rate risk
  The Group’s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s
  interest-bearing borrowings of HK$8,686,000 (2023: Nil) with floating interest rates at 31 March 2024. The
  Group currently does not have a policy to hedge against the interest rate risk as the management of the
  Group does not expect any significant interest rate risk at the end of the reporting period.


  At the end of the reporting period, if interest rate had been 1% higher/lower and all other variables were
  held constant, the Group’s pre-tax loss would have increased/decreased by HK$87,000 (2023: Nil) for the
  year ended 31 March 2024.


  The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rate had occurred
  at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk for the closing
  balance of interest-bearing borrowings in existence at the end of the reporting period. The stated changes
  represent management’s assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates over the next 12
  months after the end of the reporting period.


  Credit risk
  Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its
  obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s
  exposure to credit risk mainly arises from granting credit to customers in the ordinary course of its business.


  The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identifies either
  individually or by group, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Group’s policy is
  to deal only with creditworthy counterparties.


  The Group has rebutted the presumption that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90
  days past due as the directors of the Company are of the opinion that the balances are still considered
  recoverable due to long-term/on-going relationship and good repayment record from these customers, if
  the Group has also assessed that there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
  twelve-month expected credit loss is recognised.


  The Group was exposed to the concentration on of credit risk as at 31 March 2024 on trade receivables and
  contract assets. As at 31 March 2024, approximately 69% (2023: approximately 41%) and approximately 92%
  (2023: approximately 86%) of the total trade receivables and contract assets was due from the largest and
  top five largest debtors respectively. Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit
  risk arising from trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed in Notes 21 and 23 respectively.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   179
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             Credit risk (Continued)
             The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


             Internal credit                                                               Trade receivables        Other financial
             rating                         Description                                  and contract assets                 assets


             Low risk                       The counterparty has a low risk of             Lifetime ECL – not   12-month ECL – not
                                              default and does not have any                 credit – impaired      credit – impaired
                                              past-due amounts


             Doubtful                       There have been significant increases          Lifetime ECL – not    Lifetime ECL – not
                                              in credit risk since initial recognition      Credit – impaired     Credit – impaired
                                              through information developed
                                              internally or external resources


             Loss                           There is evidence indicating the asset       Lifetime ECL – credit Lifetime ECL – credit
                                              is credit-impaired                                   – impaired            – impaired



             Write-off                      There is evidence indicating that the        Amount is written off Amount is written off
                                              debtor is in severe financial
                                              difficulty and the Group has no
                                              realistic prospect of recovery




180   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 March 2024




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  Credit risk (Continued)
  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
  assessment:


                                                                                                               Gross carrying amount
  Financial assets at
  amortised cost                            Internal credit rating     12-month or lifetime ECL                     2024                2023
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000


  Trade receivables (Note 21)               (Note (i))                 Lifetime ECL (collective                   61,161              39,205
                                                                          assessment)


                                            Loss                       Lifetime ECL –                                    –              1,000
                                                                          credit-impaired


                                                                                                                  61,161              40,205


  Other receivables, advance to an          Low risk                   12-month ECL – not                         30,430                7,423
        independent third party and                                       credit-impaired
        deposits (Note 22)


  Contract assets (Note 23)                 (Note (i))                 Lifetime ECL (collective                  117,177              75,782
                                                                          assessment)


  Cash and cash equivalents                 Low risk                   12-month ECL – not credit                  49,910              70,745
        (Note 24)                                                         impaired



  Pledged bank deposits (Note 24)           Low risk                   12-month ECL – not                         17,697              17,180
                                                                          credit-impaired


  Note:

  (i)      For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance
           at lifetime ECL. Except for the trade receivables with credit-impaired, the Group determines the ECL on these items on a collective
           basis.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   181
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             Credit risk (Continued)
            Trade receivables and contract assets
             The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to
             lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix through grouping of various debtors that have
             similar loss patterns, after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, aging, repayment history and/
             or past due status of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on historical observed
             default rates over the past five years and are adjusted for reasonable and supportable forward-looking
             information that is available without undue costs or effort. In addition, management measures ECL
             individually for trade receivables and contract assets that are credit-impaired. In this regard, the Directors of
             the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


             During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group provided impairment allowance for contract assets and
             trade receivables of HK$44,000 and HK$1,567,000, respectively (2023: impairment allowance for contract
             assets and trade receivables of HK$33,000 and HK$1,294,000, respectively).


             The Group writes off a trade receivable and contract assets when there is information indicating that the
             debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has
             been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.


            Other receivables, advance to an independent third party and deposits
             The management of the Group regularly reviews and assesses the credit quality of the counterparties.
             During the year ended 31 March 2024, no impairment allowance for other receivables, advance to an
             independent third party and deposits is recognised (2023: the Group provided impairment allowance for
             other receivables of approximately HK$680,000). During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Group uses
             12-month ECL to assess the loss allowance of other receivables, advance to an independent third party and
             deposits (2023: the remaining other receivables and deposits) since these receivables are not past due and
             there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


            Cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits
             The credit risks on cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits are limited because the
             counterparties are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating
             agencies.




182   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  Credit risk (Continued)
  The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables and
  contract assets.


                                                                       Trade          Trade           Contract
                                                              receivables        receivables             assets
                                                                    (Lifetime      (Lifetime          (Lifetime
                                                                       ECL –          ECL –               ECL –
                                                                not credit            credit        not credit
                                                                impaired)         impaired)          impaired)
                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


  At 1 April 2022                                                         98           1,000                 284
  Impairment losses recognised                                         1,294                –                 33


  As at 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                 1,392           1,000                 317
  Impairment losses recognised                                         1,567                –                 44
  Written off                                                          (2,575)         (1,000)                 –


  As at 31 March 2024                                                    384                –                361


  Average loss rate
  At 31 March 2024                                                     0.63%                –             0.31%


  At 31 March 2023                                                     3.55%           100%               0.42%


  The expected loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of
  the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
  The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same
  type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the loss rates for trade receivables are a
  reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   183
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             Credit risk (Continued)
             The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables and contract
             assets as at 31 March 2024 and 2023 within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).


             At 31 March 2024


                                                             Gross                                                  Net
                                                           carrying         Average                Loss         carrying
                                                           amount           loss rate         allowance         amount
                                                          HK$’000                  %           HK$’000         HK$,000


             Trade receivables and
                contract assets
                Not past due                               154,462                0.3              467         153,995
                1 to 30 days past due                       11,747                0.5               57           11,690
                31 to 120 days past due                       7,682               1.5              116            7,566
                121 to 365 days past due                      4,447               2.4              105            4,342


                                                           178,338                                 745         177,593



             At 31 March 2023


                                                              Gross                                                 Net
                                                           carrying          Average               Loss         carrying
                                                            amount           loss rate        allowance         amount
                                                           HK$’000                  %          HK$’000          HK$,000


             Trade receivables and
                contract assets
                Not past due                                 99,140               0.4              415            98,725
                1 to 30 days past due                         5,211               0.8               44             5,167
                31 to 120 days past due                       7,906               2.0              160             7,746
                121 to 365 days past due                        592               3.5               21               571
                Over 365 days past due                        2,138                50             1,069            1,069


                                                            114,987                               1,709          113,278




184   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2024




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its
  financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and retention
  money payables, accruals and other payables, lease liabilities, promissory note payables, amount due to the
  ultimate holding company and amount due to an associate, and also in respect of its cash flow
  management.


  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
  maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
  financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. In the opinion of the
  directors of the Company, the Group was able to comply with all covenants of the banking facilities as at 31
  March 2024 and 31 March 2023.


  The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group throughout the reporting period and are considered
  to have been effective in managing liquidity risks.


  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
  liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
  on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and
  principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived
  from interest rates at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                  Total
                                                            contractual       Within      Between          Between
                                              Carrying undiscounted       one year or      one and        three and
                                               amount        cash flow    on demand      two years        five years
                                              HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000


  At 31 March 2024
  Trade and retention money payables           152,663        152,663        152,663             –                  –
  Accruals and other payables                   13,893          13,893        13,893             –                  –
  Bank borrowing (Note)                          8,686           8,686         8,686             –                  –
  Lease liabilities                              9,705          10,108         7,032         2,171               905
  Amounts due to associates                        393             393           393             –                  –


                                               185,340        185,743        182,667         2,171               905




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   185
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

             Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                            contractual            Within              Between
                                                                     Carrying          undiscounted          one year or                one and
                                                                      amount                 cash flow       on demand                 two years
                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000            HK$’000                HK$’000


             At 31 March 2023
             Trade and retention money payables                           72,449                72,449             72,449                       –
             Accruals and other payables                                  36,591                36,591             36,591                       –
             Lease liabilities                                            11,845                12,228                 7,151               5,077
             Promissory note payables                                     42,937                43,533             43,533                       –
             Amount due to the ultimate holding
                company                                                    5,670                  5,670                5,670                    –
             Amount due to an associate                                       67                     67                  67                     –


                                                                      169,559                  170,538            165,461                  5,077

             Note: The amounts repayable under bank loan agreement that includes a clause that gives the bank an unconditional right to call the
                   borrowings at any time are classified under the category of “on demand or less than 1 year”. However, the management of the
                   Group does not expect that the bank would exercise such right to demand the repayment and thus, the borrowings, which included
                   the related interest, would be repaid according to the below schedule as set out in the bank loan agreement as follows:


                                                                                   Total
                                                                             contractual     Within one     Between        Between
                                                               Carrying    undiscounted          year or    one and       three and     More than
                                                                amount         cash flow     on demand     two years      five years    five years
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

                    At 31 March 2024
                    Bank borrowing                                8,686            10,297          1,074       1,074           3,223         4,926



             Equity price risk
             The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from listed equity investments and unlisted investment
             fund classified as equity instrument at FVTOCI (see Note 20).


             The Group’s listed equity investments are listed on recognised stock exchanges. Listed equity investments
             held in the portfolio have been chosen based on their longer term growth potential and are monitored
             regularly for performance against expectations.




186   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




40. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  Equity price risk (Continued)
  As at 31 March 2024 it is estimated that an increase/decrease of 10% in the relevant stock market index (for
  listed equity investments) and fair value of unlisted investment, with all other variables held constant, would
  have (decreased)/increased the Group’s other components of consolidated equity as follows:


                                                                                      Effect on other
                                                                                   components of equity

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


  Change in the relevant equity price risk variable:
  Increase                                                             10%             2,541               2,772
  Decrease                                                             10%            (2,541)             (2,772)



  The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s other components of
  consolidated equity that would arise assuming that the changes in the stock market index or fair value had
  occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments
  held by the Group which expose the Group to equity price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is
  assumed that the fair values of the Group’s listed investments would change in accordance with the
  historical correlation with the relevant stock market index, that none of the Group’s listed investments would
  be considered impaired as a result of the decrease in the relevant stock market index, and that all other
  variables remain constant. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group’s unlisted investment would
  change in accordance with the market value, that none of the Group’s unlisted investments would be
  considered impaired as a result of the decrease in market value, and that all other variables remain
  constant.


41. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

  The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
  concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an
  optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth. The
  Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future
  capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns. As part of this review, the
  directors of the Group consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based
  on the recommendations of the Group, the Group will balance its overall capital structure, through issue of
  new share as well as issue of new debts.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   187
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

             Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
             transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value
             measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels, based on the inputs to valuation
             techniques used to measure fair value:


             Level 1 inputs: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
             can access at the measurement date.


             Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
             liability, either directly or indirectly.


             Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


             The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of
             the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


             The directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial instruments measured at amortised cost at 31
             March 2024 and 2023 were approximate to their fair values on the grounds that either their maturity periods
             are short or their effective interest rates were approximate to the relevant discount rates.




188   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 March 2024




42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

  The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments measured at fair value. The classification is
  based on the degree to which the key inputs used in the fair value measurements are observable and the
  significance of adjustments to the key inputs used in the fair value measurements.


                                                                       Fair value measurement as at
                                                                      31 March 2024 categorised into
                                             Fair value at
  Financial assets                         31 March 2024            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


  Equipment instruments at FVTOCI
  Equity security, listed                           2,684             2,684                  –                   –
  Investment fund, unlisted                        22,727                 –                  –            22,727



                                                                        Fair value measurement as at
                                                                       31 March 2023 categorised into
                                              Fair value at
  Financial assets                          31 March 2023            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3
                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


  Equipment instruments at FVTOCI
  Equity security, listed                           14,722           14,722                  –                   –
  Investment fund, unlisted                         12,997                –                  –             12,997


  Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance of financial instruments classified as level 3 fair value
  hierarchy is provided as follows:


                                                                                                        HK$’000


  Equity instruments at FVTOCI – investment fund, unlisted
  At 1 April 2022                                                                                               –
  Additions                                                                                               20,000
  Change in fair value                                                                                     (7,003)


  At 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                                       12,997
  Change in fair value                                                                                     9,730


  At 31 March 2024                                                                                       22,727




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   189
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      42. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (CONTINUED)

             Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and inputs used in fair
             value measurements:


             The Group’s chief financial officer is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
             required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair value measurements. The chief financial
             officer reports directly to the Board of Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
             processes and results are held between the chief financial officer and the Board of Directors at least twice a
             year.


             For level 3 fair value measurements, the Group will normally engage external valuation experts with the
             recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.

                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                                    as at
                                            Valuation                                                          31 March
             Description                    technique         Significant unobservable inputs                       2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000

             Investment funds, unlisted Adjusted net asset    Book value of assets and liabilities of         HK$22,727
                                         approach              the investees adjusted to their fair value         (2023:
                                                                                                              HK$12,997)




190   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2024




43. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY
    CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial assets and financial liabilities as at the end of the
   reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000


   Financial assets measured at FVTOCI                                                  25,411              27,719


   Financial assets measured at amortised cost
   Trade receivables                                                                    60,777              37,813
   Deposits and other receivables                                                       30,430               6,743
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                            49,910              70,745
   Pledged bank deposits                                                                17,697              17,180


                                                                                       158,814             132,481


   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   Trade and retention money payables                                                  152,663              72,449
   Accruals and other payables                                                          13,893              36,591
   Bank borrowing                                                                        8,686                   –
   Lease liabilities                                                                     9,705              11,845
   Promissory note payables                                                                  –              42,937
   Amounts due to the ultimate holding company                                               –               5,670
   Amounts due to associates                                                               393                  67


                                                                                       185,340             169,559




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   191
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2024




      44 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

             Share award scheme
             The Company’s share award scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 28
             September 2023 for providing incentives to eligible employees, related entities and service providers and
             will expire on 27 September 2033. The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the
             contribution which the eligible participants have made or may make to the Group.

             On 12 October 2023, the Company granted 86,940,000 awarded shares (“Awarded Shares”) to 5 senior
             management and 2 service providers of the Group (the “Grantees”) in accordance with the terms of the
             Scheme. Details of the Awarded Shares are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 12 October
             2023.

             A total of 86,940,000 new shares shall be issued for the purpose of satisfying the awarded shares. The
             maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Scheme
             (excluding ordinary shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Scheme) will not exceed
             86,940,000, being 6.93% of the existing issued share capital of the Company as at 12 October 2023 and
             6.48% of the issued share capital as enlarged by the awarded shares assuming that all the Awarded Shares
             are fully allotted and issued by the Company to the Grantees.

             The Awarded Shares under the Scheme subject to performance targets so as to achieve the purpose of the
             Scheme. The performance targets are imposed on a case-by-case basis with reference to the performance
             of the Grantees and/or the operating or financial performance of the Group and/or such other performance
             targets to be determined by the board of directors or person delegated by the board of directors in its
             absolute discretion from time to time.

             Subject to the satisfaction of the performance targets applicable to the Awarded Shares to each Grantee,
             the Awarded Shares will be transferred to such Grantee in accordance with the Scheme. In any event, the
             Awarded Shares granted under the Scheme shall be held for not less than 12 months before being vested
             on the Grantees. The Awarded Shares is subject to a lock up period for 6 months after vesting and a
             general clawback mechanism as set out in the circular of the Company dated 6 September 2023.

             Each grant of an award to any director of the Company or the chief executive officer shall be subject to the
             prior approval of the independent non-executive directors (excluding any independent non-executive
             directors who is a proposed recipient of the grant of share award). The Company will comply with the
             relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for any grant of shares to connected persons
             of the Company.



             The movements of share-based payment reserve was as follows:

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             At 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023 and 1 April 2023                                                          –
             Equity-settled share-based expenses                                                                 20,665


             At 31 March 2024                                                                                   20,665



192   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 March 2024




44 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme
  The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share awards under the Scheme during the
  reporting period:

                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                          awards
                                                                            Granted          Vested       Lapsed     outstanding
                                                                              during         during        during    at 31 March
                                    Date of grant     Vesting date          the year       the year      the year           2024
                                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


  Directors
  Mr. Kwok Chun Sing                12 October 2023   11 October 2024      12,420,000            –             –      12,420,000
  Mr. Zhan Zhi Hao                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024      12,420,000            –             –      12,420,000
  Mr. Tang Chi Kin                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024       8,280,000            –             –       8,280,000
                                    12 October 2023   30 September 2025     4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000
  Ms. Kwok Ho Yee*                  12 October 2023   11 October 2024      12,420,000            –             –      12,420,000


  Directors in aggregate                                                   49,680,000            –             –      49,680,000


  Employee#
                                    12 October 2023   11 October 2024       8,280,000            –             –       8,280,000
                                    12 October 2023   30 September 2025     4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000


  Employee in aggregate                                                    12,420,000            –             –      12,420,000


  Services providers
                                    12 October 2023   11 October 2024       8,280,000            –             –       8,280,000
                                    12 October 2023   30 September 2025     4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000
                                    12 October 2023   11 October 2024       4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000
                                    12 October 2023   31 March 2025         4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000
                                    12 October 2023   30 September 2025     4,140,000            –             –       4,140,000


  Services providers in aggregate                                          24,840,000            –             –      24,840,000


  Total                                                                    86,940,000            –             –      86,940,000

  *       On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 Awarded Shares were granted to Ms. Kwok Ho Yee as being an employee and chief operating
          officer of the Group. On 12 December 2023, Ms. Kwok Ho Yee was appointed as an executive director of the Company.

  #       On 12 October 2023, 12,420,000 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr. Guo Jinbao (being the brother of Mr. Kwok Chun Sing).
          Mr. Guo Jinbao is connected person of the Company.


  The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the grant of share awards on 12 October
  2023 were HK$0.72 per share. The fair value of the Awarded Shares as at 12 October 2023 were HK$0.72 per
  share, calculated based on the fair value of the equity instruments as at 12 October 2023.


                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   193
      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
      as extracted from the published annual report and audited financial statements, is set out below:


      RESULTS

                                                                                      Year ended 31 March
                                                                 2024               2023               2022        2021        2020
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                                452,192            401,352              591,900    210,660     283,148


      Loss before tax                                         (78,915)           (38,838)            (18,841)    (14,064)       (935)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                                   53               785                (550)     1,750       (1,116)


      Loss for the year                                       (78,862)           (38,053)            (19,391)    (12,314)     (2,051)


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                   (78,875)           (38,065)            (19,391)    (12,314)     (2,051)
      Non-controlling interests                                     13                 12                  –           –           –


                                                              (78,862)           (38,053)            (19,391)    (12,314)     (2,051)



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TOTAL EQUITY

                                                                                            At 31 March
                                                                 2024               2023               2022        2021        2020
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                           824,602            367,570              360,570    234,153     284,952
      Total liabilities                                     (590,652)           (179,177)        (204,674)       (66,196)    (96,681)




      NET ASSETS                                             233,950            188,393              155,896    167,957     188,271


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                234,006            188,462              155,896    167,957     188,271
      TOTAL EQUITY                                           233,950            188,393              155,896    167,957     188,271



      Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




194   Envision Greenwise Holdings Limited
