                                                                           CONTENTS


CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                               2


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                                                4


CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                                                                5


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                                  7


BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                 12


REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS                                                                            17


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                                        28


ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                          40


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                       75


AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                 81


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                   82


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                    83


    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                           84


    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                 86


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                      146




                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
                                                        AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Executive Directors                                 BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
                                                        Offices F & G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                        No.3 Tai Yau Street
                                                        San Po Kong
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                        Kowloon
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                          Hong Kong
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
    Mr. Wan Simon
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     Clifton House
                                                        75 Fort Street
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark (Chairman)                    P.O. Box 1350
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                          Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Wan Simon                                       Cayman Islands


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                              PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                        AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE
    Mr. Wan Simon (Chairman)                            CAYMAN ISLANDS
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming
    Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                               Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                        Clifton House
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                75 Fort Street
                                                        P.O. Box 1350
    Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                        Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                          Cayman Islands
    Mr. Wan Simon
                                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                   REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                                        OFFICE
    Mr. Wong Chi Chui
                                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                        Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                          183 Queen’s Road East
                                                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Chan Kam Tong
    Mr. Chan Kam Ming




2   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL BANKERS                   AUDITOR

The Bank of East Asia, Limited      BDO Limited
                                    Certified Public Accountants
G/F, Kalok Building
                                    25th Floor, Wing On Centre
720-722 Nathan Road
                                    111 Connaught Road Central
Mongkok
                                    Hong Kong
Kowloon
Hong Kong
                                    WEBSITE
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation Limited                 www.headfame.com.hk
                                    (the content of which do not form part of this report)
HSBC Main Building
1 Queen’s Road Central
Central                             STOCK CODE
Hong Kong                           1783


Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
Hong Kong Branch
20 Pedder Street
Central
Hong Kong


Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China (Asia) Limited
34/F, ICBC Tower
3 Garden Road
Central
Hong Kong


COMPLIANCE ADVISER

Dakin Capital Limited
Suites 4505-6, 45/F
Tower 1
Lippo Centre
89 Queensway
Hong Kong




                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   3
    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                2020          2019
                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000


    Revenue                                                 283,148        425,773
    (Loss)/profit before income tax expense                     (935)       22,383
    (Loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company       (2,051)       16,824
    (Loss)/earnings per share
    – basic and diluted (HK cent)                         (0.26 cents)   2.33 cents




4   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Director(s)”) of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”), I hereby present to you the annual report of the
Company for the year ended 31 March 2020.


OVERVIEW

The Group principally provides superstructure building and repair, maintenance, alteration and addition,
(“RMAA”) works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong.


Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure.


The Group recorded a net loss for the year ended 31 March 2020 as compared to a net profit for that of the
corresponding year in 2019. The net loss was primarily attributable to the following combined effect of:


(i)     decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 substantially due to the
        certain ongoing projects were at their ending phase and the relevant revenue was already recognised in
        prior years which resulted in a reduction of revenue contributions;


(ii)    as the impact of the social incidents since June 2019 and the outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
        epidemic in January 2020, the local economy has slipped into a technical recession since the third quarter
        of 2019 which have severely affected the construction industry and caused the decrease in the number of
        projects available for tender;


(iii)   decrease in gross profit margin due to loss being incurred in the variation orders of some completed
        projects; and


(iv)    increase in expected credit loss on certain long outstanding of trade receivables.


GOING FORWARD

The trade tension between mainland China and the United States, coupled with the impact of months of
ongoing local social incidents since June 2019 and the outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic in
January 2020, have severely buffeted Hong Kong’s operating and investment environment and the construction
industry. As a result, the number of projects available for tender has decreased significantly, resulting the intense
competition in tendering projects in the construction market and reducing the profitability of construction
projects.




                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Facing the current downturn, it is expected Hong Kong’s economy will fall into winter in coming year, the
    Group is devising strategies to prepare to achieve profitability and operational excellence. In addition, with
    our experienced and professional management team and our stable relationship with our major customers and
    creditability in construction market, the Group will continue to use its best endeavor and prudence to bid for
    new projects with better profit margin in the coming financial year. We are exploring the potential business
    developments of other construction sectors and investment opportunities, to broaden the income stream and
    enhance value to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”)


    APPRECIATION

    On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our gratitude to all the stakeholders, including but not limited to
    customers, suppliers, banks, business partners and shareholders of the Group for their continuous support, as
    well as the management team and the employees of the Group for their invaluable services and contributions.




    Chan Kam Tong
    Chairman


    Hong Kong, 19 June 2020




6   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

The principal activities of the Group are the provision of superstructure building and RMAA works service as a
main contractor in Hong Kong.


Superstructure building works refer to the building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
the ground level and the scope of the Group’s superstructure building works contracts mostly consists of
development projects for residential and commercial buildings. RMAA works refer to the repair, maintenance,
alteration and addition works for an existing structure.


The Group recorded a net loss for the year ended 31 March 2020 as compared to a net profit for that of the
corresponding year in 2019. The net loss was primarily attributable to the following combined effect of:


(i)     decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 substantially due to the
        certain ongoing projects were at their ending phase and the relevant revenue was already recognised in
        prior years which resulted in a reduction of revenue contributions;


(ii)    as the impact of the social incidents since June 2019 and the outbreak of novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
        epidemic in January 2020, the local economy has slipped into a technical recession since the third quarter
        of 2019 which have severely affected the construction industry and caused the decrease in the number of
        projects available for tender;


(iii)   decrease in gross profit margin due to loss being incurred in the variation orders of some completed
        projects; and


(iv)    increase in expected credit loss on certain long outstanding of trade receivables.


Superstructure building works
During the year ended 31 March 2020, there were 5 (2019: 8) superstructure building works projects contributing
revenue of approximately HK$260.4 million (2019: approximately HK$285.5 million) to this business segment.

RMAA works
During the year ended 31 March 2020, there were 13 (2019: 10) RMAA works projects contributing revenue of
approximately HK$22.7 million (2019: approximately HK$140.3 million) to this business segment.


Facing the current downturn, it is expected Hong Kong’s economy will fall into winter in coming year, the
Group is devising strategies to prepare to achieve profitability and operational excellence. In addition, with
our experienced and professional management team and our stable relationship with our major customers and
creditability in construction market, the Group will continue to use its best endeavor and prudence to bid for new
projects with better profit margin in the coming financial year.


In the 2019 Policy Address, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region announced
that, the Government set aside HK$5 billion to increase the number of transitional housing projects substantially
to provide a total of 10,000 units within three years. The Group is cautiously optimistic about the outlook for
construction market in medium to long term.



                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    FINANCIAL REVIEW

    Revenue
    The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 March 2020 amounted to approximately HK$283.1 million,
    representing a decrease of approximately HK$142.7 million, or 33.5% compared to approximately HK$425.8
    million for the year ended 31 March 2019. The decrease in total revenue was mainly attributable to the
    decrease in revenue from superstructure building works of approximately HK$25.1 million and RMAA works of
    approximately HK$117.6 million. The decrease in revenue recognised by the Group for the year ended 31 March
    2020 substantially due to the certain ongoing projects were at their ending phase and the relevant revenue was
    already recognised in prior years which resulted in a reduction of revenue contributions.


    Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
    The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 amounted to approximately HK$20.1 million,
    representing a decrease of approximately HK$24.9 million, or approximately 55.3% compared to approximately
    HK$45.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2019. The overall gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March
    2020 decreased to approximately 7.1% as compared to approximately 10.6% for the year ended 31 March 2019.
    The decrease was mainly due to loss being incurred in the variation orders of some completed projects and
    decrease in revenue for the year ended 31 March 2020.


    Other Income
    The other income of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 amounted to approximately HK$1.8 million,
    representing a decrease of approximately HK$2.7 million or 60.0% compared to approximately HK$4.5 million
    for the year ended 31 March 2019, which was mainly due to one-off interest income from public offer over
    subscription fund and recovery of bad debts in the corresponding year in 2019 whereas it was mainly due to
    interest income from fixed deposit with licensed bank in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 March 2020.


    Administrative and Other Expenses
    The administrative and other expenses of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 amounted to
    approximately HK$19.8 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$7.2 million or 26.7% compared
    to approximately HK$27.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2019. The decrease was mainly due to the net
    off effect of: (i) increase in legal and professional fees of approximately HK$0.9 million; (ii) increase in salary,
    mandatory provident fund contribution and directors’ remuneration of approximately HK$2.9 million; (iii) increase
    in rent and building management fee and depreciation in right-of-use assets and leasehold improvement
    amounted to approximately HK$0.6 million; and offset by (iv) decrease in miscellaneous expenses of
    approximately HK$1.2 million; (v) decrease in the one-off listing expenses of approximately HK$9.4 million during
    the last year and the donation to charity of approximately HK$1.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2019.


    (Loss)/Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company
    The Group reported loss attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$2.1 million for the year
    ended 31 March 2020 whereas profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$16.8 million
    for the year ended 31 March 2019. The main reasons for turning from profit to loss were disclosed in the section
    “BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK” above.




8   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Liquidity, Financial Resources and Capital Structure
As at 31 March 2020, the Group had a total of cash and cash equivalents (including restricted bank deposit) of
approximately HK$109.0 million (31 March 2019: approximately HK$75.4 million).


Current ratio (Total current assets: total current liabilities) increased from approximately 2.7 as at 31 March 2019
to approximately 2.8 as at 31 March 2020, mainly due to increase in cash and bank balances and decrease in
trade and retention money payables. Gearing ratio was nil as at 31 March 2020 and 2019.


The capital structure of the Group consisted of equity of approximately HK$188.3 million (31 March 2019:
approximately HK$190.3 million) and debts (obligations under finance leases and lease liabilities) of
approximately HK$1.8 million as at 31 March 2020 (31 March 2019: approximately HK$30,000).


Capital Expenditures
Total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 March 2020 was approximately HK$0.2 million (2019:
approximately HK$2.0 million) on acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Capital expenditure was funded
by internal resources.


Contingent Liabilities and Claims
Save as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no other contingent
liabilities and claims as at 31 March 2020.


Capital Commitments
As at 31 March 2020, there were no significant capital commitments for the Group.


Treasury Policy
The Group adopts a prudent approach in cash management. Apart from certain debts including obligations
under finance leases and lease liabilities, the Group did not have any material outstanding debts as at 31 March
2020.


Foreign Exchange Exposure
The Group was not exposed to foreign exchange risk during the year ended 31 March 2020.


Significant Investments Held, Acquisition and Disposal
Except for investment in its subsidiaries, the Group did not hold any significant investments during the year
ended 31 March 2020.


There were no acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group during the
year ended 31 March 2020.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Charges on Assets
     As at 31 March 2020, the Group had bank facilities which were guaranteed by the Company. In addition, the
     Group had certain surety bonds being secured by certain deposits payment from a subsidiary of the Group and
     all of which were guaranteed by the Company.


     Segment Information
     Segmental information is presented for the Group as disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     Employees and Remuneration Policies
     As at 31 March 2020, the Group employed a total of 62 employees (including executive Directors), as compared
     to a total of 59 employees as at 31 March 2019. The total salaries and related costs (including Directors’ fee) for
     the year ended 31 March 2020 were approximately HK$29.5 million (2019: approximately HK$24.0 million.) The
     remuneration package of the Group offered to our employees includes salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies.
     In general, the Group would determine each employee’s salaries based on their qualifications, position and
     seniorities. The Group has devised an annual review system to assess the performance of our employees, which
     forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises, distribution of bonuses and promotions.


     The emoluments of the Directors are decided by the Board and recommended by the remuneration committee
     of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”), having considered the factors such as the Group’s financial
     performance and the individual performance of the Directors, etc.


     The Company has adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) on 25 July 2018 to provide
     incentives and rewards to the Directors and eligible employees for their contribution to the Group.


     USE OF NET PROCEEDS

     Net proceeds from the listing
     The Company successfully listed the ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board (the
     “Listing”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 22 August 2018 (the
     “Listing Date”) and a total of 200,000,000 shares by way of public offer and placing at a price of HK$0.55 each
     were offered for subscription. The net proceeds from the Listing (the “Net Proceeds”), after deducting the
     underwriting fees, the Stock Exchange trading fee and Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy and
     listing expenses in connection with the Listing, amounted to approximately HK$78.5 million. The Group intends
     to apply the Net Proceeds in accordance with the proposed applications set out in the section headed “Future
     Plans and Use of Proceeds” to the prospectus of the Company dated 7 August 2018 (the “Prospectus”). As at 31
     March 2020, the Group had used up approximately HK$65.2 million of the Net Proceeds.




10   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


An analysis of the utilisation of the Net Proceeds from the date of Listing up to 31 March 2020 is set out below:


                                                            Planned use             Actual use              Unutilised
                                                        of Net Proceeds     of Net Proceeds                    Amount
                                                                stated in    Up to 31 March          Up to 31 March
                                                         the Prospectus                   2020                    2020
                                                              HK$ million          HK$ million             HK$ million


To take out surety bonds for contracts we have
      secured or plan to secure                                      54.1                   44.6                     9.5
To finance our upfront cost and working capital
      requirement for one superstructure building
      project awarded to us                                           9.4                    9.4                       –
To expand our workforce and strengthen our
      manpower resources                                              4.8                    1.0                     3.8
To repay bank borrowings                                             10.2                   10.2                       –


                                                                     78.5                   65.2                    13.3


As at the date of this annual report, the unutilised Net Proceeds were placed as interest bearing deposits with
licensed bank in Hong Kong.


The Directors regularly evaluate the Group’s business objectives and may change or modify plans against the
changing market condition to ascertain the business growth of the Group. During the year ended 31 March 2020,
the Directors considered that no modification of the intended use of proceeds described in the Prospectus was
required.


The description of the intended use and expected timeline for utilising the remaining balance of the Net
Proceeds from the Listing are as below:


i)       the unutilised Net Proceeds of approximately HK$9.5 million as at 31 March 2020 were planned to be used
         for taking out surety bonds for contracts we have secured or plan to secure, all of which are expected to
         be utilised by 31 March 2021, subject to the change in tender award progress due to the current uncertain
         economic condition.


ii)      the unutilised Net Proceeds of approximately HK$3.8 million as at 31 March 2020 were planned to be used
         for expanding our workforce and strengthening our manpower resources, all of which are expected to be
         utilised for same specific use by 31 March 2021, subject to change in tender award progress due to the
         current uncertain economic condition.


The expected timeline for the use of unutilised Net Proceeds is made based on the best estimation of
the Company taking into account, among others, prevailing and future market conditions and business
developments and need, and therefore is subject to change.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   11
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Chan Kam Tong（ 陳金棠）(“Mr. KT Chan”), aged 58, is the chairman of the Board and an executive Director.
     He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive Director and appointed
     as the chairman of the Board on 25 July 2018. Mr. KT Chan is the co-founder of Head Fame Company Limited
     (“Head Fame”), our operating subsidiary, and has been a director of Head Fame since 22 April 2002. He is also
     a director of Century Success Limited. Mr. KT Chan is responsible for the overall strategic planning, business
     development, and corporate management and sales and marketing of the Group.


     Mr. KT Chan has over 34 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in 1985.
     Mr. KT Chan also holds public position in the construction industry. He is currently a director of Hong Kong
     General Building Contractors Association Limited and a Council Member of the Nineth Committee of Hong
     Kong General Building Contractors Association.


     Mr. KT Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Construction Engineering & Management from The
     Queen’s University of Brighton in July 2006. He completed a long distance course and obtained an Entrepreneur
     MBA Certificate for construction industry awarded by Distance Education College of Fudan University（ 復旦大學
     網路教育學院）in September 2006.


     Mr. KT Chan is the cousin of Mr. Chan Kam Ming.


     Mr. Chan Kam Ming（ 陳金明）(“Mr. KM Chan”), aged 57, is the chief executive officer of the Company and
     an executive Director. He was appointed as a Director on 11 May 2017 and was redesignated as an executive
     Director and appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on 25 July 2018. Mr. KM Chan is the co-
     founder of Head Fame and has been a director of Head Fame since 5 February 2001. He is also a director of
     Century Success Limited. Mr. KM Chan is responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and
     making major operation decisions of the Group.


     Mr. KM Chan has over 34 years of experience in the construction industry since his joining in Head Fame in
     1985. His responsibilities in the Group include formulating and determining corporate and business strategies,
     making major operation decisions, monitoring the business operations, estimating the construction projects,
     administrating tendering matters, as well as reviewing and approving main contracts and subcontracts.


     Mr. KM Chan is the cousin of Mr. KT Chan.




12   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent（ 侯穎承）(“Mr. Hau”), aged 47, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 24 July 2018. He is also a member of the audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”)
and nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). He is primarily responsible
for providing independent judgment on issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resource, key
appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


Mr. Hau obtained his Bachelor’s Degree in Laws from The University of Hong Kong in December 1994. Mr. Hau
was admitted in August 1997 as a solicitor of the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
and is still currently practising as a solicitor. He served as an assistant solicitor in Joseph S.C. Chan & Co.
Solicitors from August 1997 and later served as a partner from September 2000 to May 2006. Since May 2006,
Mr. Hau has been serving as a senior partner in Messrs. V. Hau & Chow. He is now the honorary legal advisors of
Hong Kong Chinese Civil Servants’ Association, Hong Kong Nurses General Union and Shining Stars Foundation
Hong Kong.


Mr. Hau focuses his practice on commercial transactions, litigation, banking and insolvency. He has experience in
advising on compliance matters for listed companies and handling criminal cases involving directors of a wholly-
owned subsidiary of a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Since November 2015, Mr. Hau has been a director
of WLS Limited, which is a subsidiary of Milan Station Holdings Limited (stock code: 1150) and is engaged in
retailing of spa and wellness products. Mr. Hau is in charge of the business operation, cash flow and compliance
matters for WLS Limited and assists to prepare and review the commercial documents for Milan Station Holdings
Limited.


Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark（ 司徒昌）(“Mr. Szeto”), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on 24 July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgment on issues of strategy, policy,
performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


Mr. Szeto has over 24 years of experience in business management and investment banking. Mr. Szeto is the co-
founder and interim chief executive officer in a startup telemedicine platform. Prior to this, he served as the chief
executive officer in Glorious FX Limited where he was responsible for the group’s investment activities. Mr. Szeto
has previously worked for several financial institutions, namely Standard Chartered Bank, Schroders, Peregrine,
and Lehman Brothers. Mr. Szeto has participated in numerous project financing, leveraged finance, structured
finance, private equity, and restructuring transactions. Mr. Szeto started his career with EY as an auditor.


Mr. Szeto obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Human Biology and a Master’s Degree of MBA in
accounting from University of Toronto in June 1990 and June 1992 respectively. He is a member of American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Society of Accountants (now known as Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)) since 1994.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Wan Simon（ 溫耀祥）(“Mr. Wan”), aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 24
     July 2018. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and
     Nomination Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent judgment on issues of strategy,
     policy, performance, accountability, resource, key appointments and standard of conduct of the Group.


     Mr. Wan has over 25 years of experience in the sales and marketing of the building materials and interior
     products. Prior to joining the Group, he worked in several companies where his role was liaising with main
     contractors to execute subcontract works in each construction project, like providing technical skills and solutions
     to installation works and ensuring the suitability of building materials or interior products. He served 6 years in
     Milliken & Company till November 2000 with his last position as a senior territory manager. Milliken & Company
     operates in a breadth of disciplines including specialty chemical, floor covering and performance materials.
     From May 2001 to February 2002, he worked as a project manager in Herman Miller Hong Kong Ltd., a furniture
     company. From April 2003 to September 2004, he worked at Dupont Textiles & Interiors (Hong Kong) Limited
     (now known as INVISTA (Hong Kong) Ltd.) as a regional maintenance operations manager.


     Since December 2004, Mr. Wan has been working in Sebel Furniture (Hong Kong) Limited (now known as Sebel
     Pty Ltd.), which is a leading manufacturer and supplier of educational and school furniture. His current position
     is a regional manager, Asia and his duties are to sustain business growth through regional and local expansion
     plans within key market segments through direct and channel distribution and to prepare and manage tender
     packages that require additional technical knowledge during the bidding process to marginalise over potential
     errors.


     Mr. Wan obtained his Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Building from South Bank University in June 1992.




14   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wan Sze Hok Wilson（ 溫士學）(“Mr. Wilson Wan”), aged 70, is a contracts manager of the Group. He
joined the Group in January 2016 as a contracts manager of Head Fame and served as a director of Head Fame
since 22 May 2017. Mr. Wilson Wan is responsible for administering overall tender bidding, contracts including
main contracts and subcontracts, and budget control of the project construction in the Group.


Mr. Wilson Wan has over 40 years of experience in the construction industry. Prior to joining the Group, Mr.
Wilson Wan had handled various types of construction activities including demolition works, piles foundation
works, alteration and addition works, building construction, government works and historical building renovation
in Hong Kong. He worked in Cheong Ming Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. from June 1979 to November
1987 for his last position of that company as a site quantity surveyor. He served as quantity surveyor in Kumagai
Gumi (Hong Kong) Limited from December 1987 to May 1990 and as a senior a quantity surveyor in Wah Seng
General Contractors Ltd. from April 1995 to August 2005. From November 2007 to October 2015, he served his
last position in New City Construction Co., Ltd as a contracts manager and a technical director.


Mr. Wilson Wan obtained a Higher Certificate in Building Studies from Hong Kong Polytechnic University in
November 1988 and a Bachelor of Science Degree with a Major in Construction Management with Emphasis in
Quantity Surveying from Pacific Western University in February 1990. He also obtained a Bachelor of Engineering
Technology Degree and a Master of Construction engineering and Management Degree from Griffith University
in March 2008 and September 2005 respectively. He further graduated from City University of Hong Kong with
the degree of engineering doctorate in July 2014.


Mr. Wilson Wan was admitted as a member of the Chartered Institute of Building and a member of the Institution
of Civil Engineers in November 2007 and June 2008 respectively. In November 2012, Mr. Wilson Wan was elected
as a professional member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors.


Mr. Lee Kam Meng（ 李金明）(“Mr. Lee”), aged 65, is a general site supervisor of the Group. He joined the
Group in November 2015 as the supervisor of Head Fame and was promoted to be a general site supervisor. Mr.
Lee’s duty is to manage and monitor overall site supervisions and all site activities of the Group’s projects.


Mr. Lee has over 42 years of on-hand experience in building construction where he started his career in a
construction company, Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Shun Shing”) in 1977. After he
resigned from Shun Shing in December 2009, he worked as a site agent in Leung Cheung Shing Construction
& Engineering Co., Ltd. till February 2015. Within his services in this field, he has undergone major projects
including but not limited to casino projects in Macau, administration building of Yan Chai Hospital and Leung
King Estate public housing.


In addition, Mr. Lee has been a safety officer registered in Hong Kong since June 1994. He obtained a Diploma
and a Professional Diploma in Occupational Health and Safety from Li Ka Shing Institute of Professional and
Continuing Education, Open University of Hong Kong in November 2006 and November 2009 respectively.
Through his working experience, he was admitted as a member of Hong Kong Institute of Construction
Managers in September 2004.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Ho Chi Lai, Johnny（ 何志禮）(“Mr. Ho”), aged 57, is a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ho joined the
     Group in March 2006 as a project manager of Head Fame. Mr. Ho is responsible for the overall monitoring the
     construction projects, cost estimating, managing the quality management system and administrating tendering
     works of the Group.


     Mr. Ho has over 35 years of experience in the construction and building works industry. Prior to joining the
     Group, Mr. Ho had participated in numerous residential, commercial and ASD projects in Hong Kong. He had
     served many construction companies, including but not limited to, WMKY Limited as an assistant engineer
     from April 1987 to April 1988, Lee Shing Yue Construction Company, Limited as a projects manager from June
     1998 to September 2000, and Wai Yip Building Materials Limited (now known as Hong Kong Wai Yip Building
     Construction Limited) as a site agent, from September 2003 to May 2005.


     Mr. Ho obtained an Honours Diploma in Civil Engineering from Hong Kong Baptist College in January 1986, a
     Higher Diploma in Applied Statistics from City Polytechnic of Hong Kong in November 1992 and a Master of
     Science in Engineering Management from City University of Hong Kong in November 2001. He then obtained a
     Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Civil Engineering from The Queen’s University of Brighton in October 2003.


     Mr. Wong Chi Chui（ 黃智取）(“Mr. Wong”), aged 48, is a company secretary of the Company (the “Company
     Secretary”). He was appointed as the Company Secretary on 11 May 2017. He was appointed as the chief
     financial officer of the Company on 25 July 2018. Mr. Wong has over 27 years of experience in the fields of
     accounting, auditing and compliance matters of listed companies.


     Mr. Wong graduated from Curtin University of Technology (now known as Curtin University) with a Bachelor’s
     Degree of Commerce, majoring in Accounting and Accounting Technologies. He is a member of the CPA
     Australia and a member of the HKICPA.




16   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board presents its report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March
2020.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are provision of
superstructure building and RMAA works service as a main contractor in Hong Kong.


RESULTS AND FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share (the “Dividend”) for the
year ended 31 March 2020 (2019: Nil) to the shareholders whose names appeared on the Company’s register of
members at the close of business on 27 August 2020. Subject to the approval by shareholders of the Company at
the forthcoming annual general meeting, or any adjournment thereof the proposed Dividend is expected to be
paid on or about 18 September 2020.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020 and a discussion on the Group’s
future business development are provided in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 6 of this annual report.
The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in the note 30 to the
consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year ended 31 March 2020
using financial key performance indicators is provided in the management discussion and analysis on pages 7
to 11 of this annual report. In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies, relationship with its
key stakeholders, key risks and uncertainties and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a
significant impact on the Group are contained in the Report of the Directors on pages 17 to 27 of this annual
report.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY

The Group strives to mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s
operation does make an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group
implements a range of measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with
applicable environmental-related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which
balances the need for operation with minimising its environmental impact.


The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
environment and natural resources.


Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.



                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   17
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the year, as far as the Group is aware, there was no material breach or non-compliance with applicable
     laws and regulation by the Group that has a significant impact on its business and operations.


     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Group believes that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in its operations but the Group uses its
     best endeavors to ensure its sufficient to mitigate the risks present in our operations and financial position.

     •     Our revenue relies on successful tenders of our projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no
           guarantee that our customers will provide us with new business or that we will secure new customers;

     •     The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately estimate the
           costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses;

     •     The Group relies on subcontractors to help complete our contracts;

     •     The Group is exposed to our customers’ credit risks and our liquidity position may be adversely affected if
           our customers fail to make payment on time or in full;

     •     Our performance depends on market conditions and trends in the construction industry and in the overall
           economy and there is no assurance that if the property market in Hong Kong further deteriorates, there
           will be no material adverse impact on the Group’s operation or at all, or the Group will be able to take
           appropriate measures to minimise the adverse impact on it; and

     •     The Group operates in a highly competitive market.


     RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Directors recognises that the Group’s employees, customers, suppliers and subcontractors are the keys to its
     sustainable development.

     Employees
     The Group has maintained good relationship with its employees. The Group provides the remuneration package,
     including salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to
     serve the Group. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess the performance of its employees,
     which forms the basis of its decisions with respect to an increase in salary, distribution of bonuses and
     promotions.


     Customers
     The Group has established a stable customer base within the private sector. Its customers in the private sector
     include private property developers and commercial enterprises which require superstructure building and/or
     RMAA works services. The Group believes that the established working relationships with its major customers
     have enhanced its market recognition and enabled the Group to attract more business opportunities.




18   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group has established long-term and close working relationships with its major suppliers and
subcontractors, some of whom have working relationships with the Group over 10 years. The performance of
subcontractors and the quality of superstructure building and RMAA works contracted by the Group can be
assured by the close relationship with its subcontractors.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial
years, as extracted from the published annual reports and audited financial statements of the Company for the
year ended 31 March 2020 are set out on page 146. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020
are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements during the year ended 31 March 2020 in the share capital of the Company are set out in
note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles or the laws of Cayman Islands, which oblige the
Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the exiting Shareholders.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as
at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float as required under the rules
governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).


PURCHASE, SALES OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the year ended 31 March 2020.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as at 31 March 2020 are set out in page 83
and note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   19
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     Details of distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 March 2020 are set out in note 25 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers accounted for
     approximately 39.8% and 98.5% of the Group’s total turnover respectively.


     For the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers which were the
     subcontractors accounted for approximately 8.0% and 32.8% of the Group’s total of cost of services respectively.


     None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors who
     owned more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers or suppliers
     during the year ended 31 March 2020.


     DIRECTORS

     The Directors of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report
     were:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming


     Independent Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”):
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
     Mr. Wan Simon


     The Company has received written annual confirmation of independence from all INEDs. The Group considers all
     INEDs to be independent under the Listing Rules.


     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 12 to 16
     of this annual report.




20   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
All INEDs have respectively entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of 1 year unless
terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Apart from the forgoing, no Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a
service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within 1 year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note
12 to the consolidated financial statements.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the Group is based on the merit, qualification and competence and are reviewed
by the Remuneration Committee periodically. The emolument of the Directors are decided by the Board after
recommendation from the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the performance of the Group and
individual performance and comparable market statistics.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
Company’s subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent companies was a party and in which a Director or
controlling shareholders of the Company and the Director’s connected party had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year ended 31 March 2020.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole of any substantial part of the business
of the Group was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2020.


COMPETING INTERESTS
The Directors confirm that neither the controlling shareholders of the Company nor their respective close
associates is interested in a business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete,
directly or indirectly, with the Group’s business and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the
Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report.


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has made an annual declaration to the Company that
during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to date of this annual report, he/it has complied with the term of
non-competition undertakings (“Non-Competition Undertakings”) given in favour of the Company. The INEDs
have also reviewed the status of compliance by each of the controlling shareholders of the Company with the
undertakings stipulated in the Non-Competition Undertakings and have confirmed that, as far as the INEDs can
ascertain, there is no breach of any of such undertakings.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   21
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020
     are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements. For the year ended 31 March 2020, none of these
     related party transactions are connected transaction which are subject to the disclosure requirements of Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     For the year ended 31 March 2020, there was no transactions which constituted connected transaction(s) or
     continuing connected transaction(s) of the Company.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     In accordance with article 191 of the Articles, the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
     out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
     about the execution of the duties of their office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
     maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the
     Directors.


     DONATIONS

     Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020 amounted to
     HK$17,000 (31 March 2019: approximately HK$1.0 million).


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     As at 31 March 2020, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that
     require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were
     entered into by the Company.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the
     Shareholders passed on 25 July 2018 are set below:




22   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives or rewards to Participants (as defined below)
for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and
attract human resources that are valuable to the Group and any invested entity.


Participants
Participant means any person belonging to any of following classes of participants:


(a)     any employee (whether full time or part time employee, including any executive Directors) of the Company,
        any of its subsidiaries and any entity in which the Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”)
        eligible;


(b)     any non-executive Director (including INEDs) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or any Invested Entity;


(c)     any supplier of goods or services to any member or Invested Entity;


(d)     any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;


(e)     any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of
        the Group or any Invested Entity;


(f)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by
        any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;


(g)     any adviser (professional or otherwise) or consultant to any area of business or business development of any
        member of the Group or any Invested Entity; and


(h)     any other group or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute, by way of joint venture,
        business alliance, other business arrangement or otherwise, to the development and growth of the Group,
        and for the purposes of the Share Option Scheme, the options may be granted to any company wholly-
        owned by one or more persons belonging to any of the above classes of Participants or any discretionary
        object of a Participant which is a discretionary trust.


Total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
The total number of shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all options (excluding for this purposed
option(s) which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes) to
be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the
total number of the Shares in issue on the Listing Date. On the basis of 800,000,000 Shares in issue on the Listing
Date, the limit will be equivalent to 80,000,000 Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing
Date.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   23
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     Maximum entitlement of each participant
     No Participant shall be granted option(s) which would result in the total number of Shares already issued and to
     be issued upon the exercise of all the Options granted to such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and
     outstanding Options) in any 12-month period exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue, provided
     that if separately approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Participant and his close associates (or
     his associates if such Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting, the Company may make further
     grant of option(s) to such Participant (the “Further Grant”) notwithstanding that the Further Grant would result
     in the total number of Shares already issued and to be issued upon the exercise of all the options granted to
     such Participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and
     including the date of such Further Grant exceeding 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.


     Term of subscription of shares upon exercise of the options
     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a
     period to be determined by the Board absolutely, provided that such period shall not be more than 10 years from
     the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted in accordance with the Share Option
     Scheme.


     Minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
     The Board may, at its discretion, determine the minimum period for which the option has to be held before the
     option can be exercised.


     Time of acceptance and the amount payable on acceptance of the option
     Upon acceptance of an offer for grant of options, the Grantee shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as
     consideration for the grant. The options will be offered for acceptance for a period of 21 days from the date of
     the offer.


     No option was granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2020 and no options
     granted under the Share Option Scheme were exercised, lapsed or cancelled during the year ended 31 March
     2020.


     Basis of determining the subscription price
     The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme is
     determined by the Board provided that it shall not be less than the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Shares
     as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a trading date; (ii)
     the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the
     five trading dates immediately preceding the date of grant; or (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


     The remaining life of the scheme
     The Share Option Scheme will remain effective for a period of ten years commencing from 25 July 2018 and the
     remaining life of the Share Option Scheme is about eight years.




24   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the company, or any of its holding company,
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director had a material interest, subsisted at the
end of the year or at any time during the year.


DIRECTOR’S AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 31 March 2020, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations, within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”),
which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (“Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10
of the Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                           Interest               percentage
                                                                                                        in ordinary            of interests in
Name of Directors                           Nature of interest                                               shares            the Company


Mr. KT Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                        540,000,000                     67.5%
                                                                                                             (note)

Mr. KM Chan                                 Interest in a controlled corporation                        540,000,000                     67.5%
                                                                                                             (note)

Note:

These Shares are held by Shiny Golden Limited (“Shiny Golden”), which is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM
Chan on 26 May 2017. Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among other
things, that they are the parties acting in concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Company upon the Listing. By virtue of the
SFO, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.




                                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020        25
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE
     COMPANY

     So far as the Directors are aware, as at 31 March 2020, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or
     chief executive officer of the Company) have interests or short positions in the Shares or the underlying Shares
     which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and
     3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO.


     Long Position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                    Total Number of                Approximate
                                                                                                     ordinary shares              percentage of
                                                                                                     and underlying                  interests in
     Name of shareholders                            Nature of interest                                       shares               the Company
                                                                                                                (Note 1)


     Shiny Golden                                    Beneficial owner (Note 3)                              540,000,000                      67.5%

     Mr. KT Chan                                     Interest in a controlled corporation                   540,000,000                      67.5%
                                                       (Note 2)

     Ms. Shu Ah Ping                                 Interest of spouse (Note 4)                            540,000,000                      67.5%

     Mr. KM Chan                                     Interest in a controlled corporation                   540,000,000                      67.5%
                                                       (Note 2)

     Ms. Ng Wing Mui                                 Interest of spouse (Note 5)                            540,000,000                      67.5%


     UG China Venture II Limited                     Beneficial owner (Note 6)                               40,000,000                          5%
          (“UG”)

     UG Capital Limited                              Investment manager (Note 7)                             40,000,000                          5%

     Lau Chi Yin Thomas                              Beneficial owner (Note 7)                               40,000,000                          5%

     Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette                       Interest of spouse (Note 8)                             40,000,000                          5%

     Notes:

     1.       All interests stated are long positions.

     2.       Shiny Golden is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. KT Chan and 50% by Mr. KM Chan on 26 May 2017, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan
              entered into the Acting in Concert Confirmation to acknowledge and confirm, among other things, that they are the parties acting in
              concert that to continue to act in the same manner in the Group upon the Listing. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. KT Chan and Mr. KM Chan are
              deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Shiny Golden.




26   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


3.   Shiny Golden is the direct Shareholder of the Company.

4.   Ms. Shu Ah Ping is the spouse of Mr. KT Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Shu Ah Ping is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares Mr. KT
     Chan is interested in under the SFO.

5.   Ms. Ng Wing Mui is the spouse of Mr. KM Chan. Accordingly, Ms. Ng Wing Mui is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares Mr. KM
     Chan is interested in under the SFO.

6.   UG is the direct Shareholder of the Company, which is legally owned as to one voting share by UG Capital Limited and 11,600 non-voting
     Shares by other independent third parties.

7.   UG Capital Limited is the investment manager of UG. UG Capital Limited is deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which UG is
     interested by virtue of the SFO. UG Capital Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas. To the best knowledge of the Directors,
     each of UG, UG Capital Limited and Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas is an independent third party.

8.   Ms. Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette is the spouse of Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas. Accordingly, Ms. Tsui Wing Suen Bernadette is deemed or taken
     to be interested in the Shares Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas is interested in under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other relevant interests or short positions in
the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 March 2020.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There is no material subsequent event undertaken by the Company or the Group after 31 March 2020 and up to
the date of this annual report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company’s Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 28 to 39.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by BDO Limited, who will retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for reappointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2020 were approved by the
Board on 19 June 2020.




On behalf of the Board
Chan Kam Tong
Chairman


Hong Kong, 19 June 2020




                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020       27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company recognises the importance of corporate transparency and accountability. The Company is
     committed in achieving a high standard of corporate governance and leading the Group to ensure better
     transparency of the Company, protection of shareholders’ and shareholders’ rights and enhancement of
     shareholders’ value.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company has adopted and complied with applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) in the
     Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the year
     ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report. The Directors will periodically review on the
     Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance
     with the Code Provisions from time to time.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
     conduct of dealings in securities of the Company by Directors. Having made specific enquiry to all Directors, all
     Directors have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code for the year ended 31 March
     2020 and up to the date of this annual report.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition
     The composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report is
     set out below:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming (Chief Executive Officer)

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark
     Mr. Wan Simon

     Role and functions of the Board and management
     The principal function of the Board are to formulate corporate strategy and business development and to
     ensure a high standard of corporate governance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for
     implementing business strategy and managing day-to-day administration and operations of the Group’s business
     to the chief executive officer and the senior management. Executive Directors and the senior management meet
     regularly to review the performance of the business of the Group as a whole, co-ordinate overall resources and
     make financial and operational decisions. The Board is regularly provided with management update report to
     give a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position, recent development and prospect
     of the Group in sufficient details.




28   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company continuously updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other
applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to
develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

The biographies of the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report
and the relationships among them are set out in the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management”
section on pages 12 to 16 of this annual report. The executive Directors bring a good balance of skills and
experience to the Company. The independent non-executive Directors provide their independent judgement on
the development, performance and risk management of the Group. The Directors are fully aware that they are
individually and collectively accountable to shareholders.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Pursuant to the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the
chairman and chief executive should be clearly established to ensure a balance of power and authority.

Mr. KT Chan serves as the chairman of the Board and is responsible for overall strategic planning, business
development and corporate management. Mr. KM Chan serves as the chief executive officer of the Company and
is responsible for formulating corporate and business strategies and making major operation decisions.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has appointed three INEDs representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of
whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the INEDs in respect of his independence
in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the
view that all INEDs are independent.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service agreement or a
letter of appointment with the Company for a specific term and is subject to termination provisions therein and
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Articles.


In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for
the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less
than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a
specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall
be eligible for re-election. The Company at the general meeting at which a Director retires may fill the vacated
office.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     In accordance with Article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall
     hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be subject to re-
     election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
     office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-
     election. Any Director appointed under this Article 112 shall not be taken into account in determining the
     Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at an annual general meeting.


     Directors’ continuous professional development
     During the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this annual report, all Directors confirmed to comply
     with the provision of the CG Code in relation to continuous professional development. In doing so, the Directors
     have undertaken various forms of activities relevant to the Company’s business and Directors’ duties and
     responsibilities. The Company held a training for all Directors to provide them with knowledge on the duties and
     responsibilities of the Directors before Listing.

     The record of continuous professional development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business
     development that have been received by the Directors during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to date of
     this annual report are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                          Attending
                                                                                                          seminar(s)
                                                                                                  or programme(s)/
                                                                                                   reading relevant
                                                                                                           materials


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                                                                                  ✓

     Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                                                                             ✓



     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                                                                    ✓

     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                                                                         ✓

     Mr. Wan Simon                                                                                                 ✓




30   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Meetings
Attendance records of the Board meetings, meetings of all committees and general meetings of the Company
during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up to the date of this Annual Report were set out below:

                                                               Audit Remuneration         Nomination           Annual
                                                 Board     Committee       Committee       Committee           general
                                               meeting       meeting          meeting           meeting       meeting


Number of meetings held                              6             4                 2                1              1


Name of director                                                Number of meetings attended


Executive Directors:
Mr. Chan Kam Tong (Chairman)                       6/6          N/A               N/A               1/1            1/1
Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                  6/6          N/A                2/2             N/A            N/A


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                         6/6           4/4              N/A               1/1            1/1
Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                              6/6           4/4               2/2             N/A             1/1
Mr. Wan Simon                                      6/6           4/4               2/2              1/1            1/1


BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee. The table below provides the membership information of these committees on which
certain Board members served:


                                                             Audit          Remuneration                  Nomination
Name of Director                                         Committee             Committee                  Committee


Mr. Chan Kam Tong                                                 –                         –                      C
Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                                 –                        M                        –
Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                                       M                          –                      M
Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                            C                         M                        –
Mr. Wan Simon                                                    M                         C                       M

Notes:

C– committee chairman

M– committee member




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with written
     terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph C.3.3 of the CG Code. The
     Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee effective from 2 January 2019,
     which had included changes in line with the requirements under the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee is
     comprised of three INEDs, namely Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark, Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon. Mr.
     Szeto Cheong Mark is the chairman of the Audit Committee.


     The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for considering all relationships between the Company and the
     auditing firm (including the provision of non-audit services), monitoring the integrity of the Company’s financial
     statements and issues arising from the audit, and reviewing the Group’s internal controls and risk management.
     In addition, the Audit Committee has been delegated the responsibility to perform the corporate governance
     functions including:


     1.    Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;


     2.    Reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and
           senior management;


     3.    Developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
           employees of the Company and the Directors;


     4.    Developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
           recommendations to the Board and reporting to the Board on such matters;


     5.    Reviewing the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
           Corporate Governance Report;


     6.    Reviewing and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Company’s whistleblowing policy; and


     7.    Considering any other topics, as determined by the Board.


     A summary of the work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2020, the Audit
     Committee reviewed and discussed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
     31 March 2020 and the Group’s unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2019 with the
     external auditor, considered and approved the audit work of the auditors, reviewed the business and financial
     performance of the Company and internal control system and risk management, and determined the policy for
     corporate governance. The Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 March 2020 has been reviewed by the
     Audit Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
     section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.




32   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules with
written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules and Paragraph B.1.2 of the CG Code.
The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee, under the principle that no Director or any of his associates
should be involved in deciding his own remuneration include, among others, making recommendations to
the Board on (a) remuneration policy and structure for all of the Directors and senior management; (b) the
establishment of a format and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (c) the remuneration
packages of the executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their offices or
appointments; and (d) the remuneration of the INEDs. The Remuneration Committee is comprised of two INEDs,
namely Mr. Wan Simon and Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Ming. Mr.
Wan Simon is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.


A summary of the work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the year ended 31 March 2020 and up
to the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed remuneration policy and oversee in
the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior management taking into consideration factors
such as salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of Directors and senior
management.


The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee which can be viewed on the website of the Company
under the section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.

Remuneration payment made to senior management (exclude Directors) of the Group for the year ended 31
March 2020 and 2019 falls within the following bands:

                                                                           Number of senior management
Remuneration Band (HK$)                                                           2020             2019

Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                        –                       3
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                               4                       1

Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
Paragraph A5.2 of the CG Code. The Board adopted a set of the revised terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee effective from 2 January 2019. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, among
others, (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement
the company’s corporate strategy; (b) identifying individuals suitability qualified to become members of the
Board and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
directorships; (c) assessing the independence of the INEDs; (d) making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and succession planning for the Directors and (e) reviewing the policy (“Policy”) concerning the
diversity of the Board and the measurable objectives that the Board has adopted for implementing the Policy
and to make the relevant disclosure on the progress of achieving those objectives in the corporate governance
report of the Company. The Nomination Committee is comprised of two INEDs, namely Mr. Hau Wing Shing
Vincent and Mr. Wan Simon, and one executive Director, namely Mr. Chan Kam Tong who is the chairman of the
Nomination Committee.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     A summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 March 2020 and
     up to the date of this annual report, the members discussed matters relating to composition of the Board and
     make recommendation thereon to the Board for consideration, the diversity of the Board, the re-election of the
     Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the recommendation of the measurable objectives that the
     Board should adopt for implementing the Policy as well as reviewing the independence of the INEDs.

     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee can be viewed on the website of the Company under the
     section headed “INVESTOR RELATIONS” and the website of the Stock Exchange.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy on 2 January 2019, which sets out the approach to achieve a
     sustainable and balanced development of the Company and also to enhance the quality of performance of
     the Company, in designing the Board’s composition, the Board’s diversity has been considered from a range
     of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge to be devoted as a director. The Company will also
     take into account factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate
     decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board may
     improve one or more diversity perspectives from time to time, and implement the upgraded measurements.
     The Nomination Committee will review the policy from time to time, including conducting assessments on the
     effectiveness of the policy. The Nomination Committee will also discuss any amendment that may be necessary,
     and submit amendment proposals to the Board for approval.

     NOMINATION POLICY

     The Company has adopted nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 2 January 2019. The purpose
     is to identify and evaluate a candidate for nomination to the Board for appointment or to the Shareholders
     for election as a Director. The Nomination Committee shall consider, among others, the following criteria in
     evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships:


     •     Reputation for integrity;


     •     Accomplishment, experience and reputation in the relevant industry and other relevant sectors;


     •     Commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company’s business;


     •     Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
           experience (professional or otherwise), skills and knowledge;


     •     The ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s
           success;


     •     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the
           appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and


     •     Any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Nomination Committee or the Board from time to
           time.


34   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Each proposed new appointment, election or re-election of a director shall be assessed and/or considered
against the criteria and qualifications set out in the Nomination Policy by the Nomination Committee which shall
recommend its views to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration and determination.


The Board will from time to time review the Nomination Policy and monitor its implementation to ensure its
continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 2 January 2019 in compliance with the
Code Provision E.1.5 of the CG Code. It is the policy of the Company, in considering the payments of dividends
and to allow Shareholders to participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future
growth of the Group.


Under the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount,
the Board shall take into account, inter alia:


•    the general financial condition of the Group;


•    capital and debt level of the Group;


•    future cash requirements and availability for business operations, business strategies and future
     development needs;


•    any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


•    the general market conditions; and


•    any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.


The payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the
Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and regulations and the Articles. The Policy will be reviewed
by the Board from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in
any specific periods.


DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNIFY

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on directors’ and officers’ liabilities against
possibility of legal action to be taken against its Directors and officers. During the year ended 31 March 2020, no
claim was against the Directors and officers of the Company.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ AND EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors are responsible for the preparation of accounts for each financial year which gives a true and fair
     view of the stage of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that year. The Board is not aware
     of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s
     ability to continue as a going concern, the Board therefore continues to adopt the going concern approach in
     preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


     The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial reporting are set out in the Independent
     Auditor’s Report of this annual report.


     INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

     The Board of Directors is responsible for assessing and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the
     Group is willing to accept in reaching its strategic objectives and to ensure that the Group has established and
     maintained appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.


     The Group’s risk management and internal control system includes the setting up of a management structure
     with limits of authority, and are designed to help the Group achieve its business objectives, to protect its assets
     against unauthorised use or disposition, and to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the
     provision of reliable financial information and the compliance with relevant laws and regulations. These systems
     are also designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and
     to manage rather than eliminate all risks of failure in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives.


     During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Company engaged an external independent consulting firm to
     assist the Board to review and monitor the effectiveness of certain of the Group’s risk management and internal
     controls systems. The external independent consulting firm performed annual risk management and internal
     control review of all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls of the Company.
     A risk management report and an internal control review report was submitted to the Audit Committee and
     the Board. Any actions and measures taken to improve risk management and internal controls on the findings
     and recommendations will be followed up by the external independent consulting firm. Accordingly, the Audit
     Committee and the Board considered the risk management and internal control systems to be effective and such
     systems have been implemented with adequate resources during the year ended 31 March 2020.


     Main Features of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The key elements of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems include the establishment of a
     risk register to keep track of and record identified risks, the assessment and evaluation of risks, the development
     and continuous updating of responsive procedures, and the ongoing testing of internal control procedures to
     ensure their effectiveness.




36   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


An ongoing risk management approach is adopted by the Company for identifying and assessing the key
inherent risks that affect the achievements of its objectives. A risk matrix is adopted to determine the risk rating
(L = low risk, M = medium risk, H = high risk) after evaluation of the risk by the likelihood and the impact of the
risk event. The risk ratings reflect the level of managements, attention and risk treatment effort required.


Process used to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks
During the process of risk assessment, each risk owner of departments is required to capture and identify the key
inherent risks that affect the achievement of its objectives. Each inherent risk is evaluated according to the risk
matrix. After taking into consideration the risk response, such as control measures in place to mitigate the risk,
the residual risk of each inherent risk will be evaluated again. The risk register with the risk responses and residual
risks is reported to the management. The management evaluates the effectiveness of the systems and report
to the Audit Committee and the Board. Any category of residual risks in high or medium rating is subject to the
Board’s oversight.


PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROLS FOR THE HANDLING AND
DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Board has already established a policy on the procedures and internal controls for the handling and
dissemination of inside information. The policy stipulates the obligations of the Group, in respect of the
restriction on disseminating non-public information, handling of rumours, unintentional selective disclosure,
exemption and wavier to the disclosure of inside information, and compliance and reporting procedures. Senior
management must take all reasonable measures to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of
any disclosure requirement from time to time, and must promptly bring any possible leakage or divulgence of
inside information to the attention of the Company Secretary, or his delegates, who will notify the Board timely
and accordingly for taking the appropriate action promptly. For any material violation of this policy, the Board will
decide, or designate appropriate persons to decide the course of actions for rectifying the problem and avoiding
recurrence. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not
false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of
presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative
facts.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 March 2020, external auditor’s remuneration for annual audit services was
approximately HK$0.5 million; and external auditor’s remuneration for non-audit service assignments was
approximately HK$0.13 million, which represented agreed-upon procedures engagement in connection with the
Group’s interim report. The Audit Committee concludes that it is satisfied with the findings of its review of the
audit and non-audit services fees, process and effectiveness, independence and objectivity.




                                                                          Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Mr. Wong Chi Chui (“Mr. Wong”), was appointed as the Company Secretary on 11 May 2017. The biographical
     details of Mr. Wong are set out under the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior
     Management” of this annual report. In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Wong has taken no less
     than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the financial year ended 31 March 2020.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     How Shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting
     The following procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) are subject
     to the Articles (as amended from time to time), and the applicable legislation and regulation, in particular the
     Listing Rules (as amended from time to time):


     •     Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the
           requisition not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company (the “Eligible Shareholder(s)”)
           carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written
           requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the
           transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months
           after the deposit of such requisition;


     •     The written requisition must state the purposes of the meeting, signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) and
           deposit it to the Board of the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal place of business at Offices
           F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand Plaza No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, and such may
           consist of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more requisitions;


     •     The requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their
           shareholding, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the details of the business (es) proposed to be
           transacted in the EGM, and must be signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned together with a
           deposit of a sum of money reasonable sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the notice of
           the resolution and circulating the statement submitted by the shareholders concerned in accordance with
           the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders;


     •     The requisition will be verified with Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company
           and upon their confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Board will convene an EGM
           by serving sufficient notice in accordance with the requirements under the Articles to all the registered
           shareholders. On the Contrary, if the requisition has been verified as not in order or the shareholders
           concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s expenses for the said purposes,
           the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the Board will not
           call for an EGM; and




38   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


•    If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the Eligible
     Shareholder(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses
     incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
     Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.


Procedure by which enquires may be put to the Board
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries to the Board for the attention of the Company Secretary in
writing by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Office F&G, Floor 23, Maxgrand
Plaza, No.3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


Procedure for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meetings
There are no provisions in the Articles or the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands for Shareholders to put
forward new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to put forward a new resolution may request
the Company to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the above paragraph
heading “How shareholder can convene an extraordinary general meeting”.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

Communication with shareholders
The Board recognises the importance of good communication with all Shareholders. The Company believes that
maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhance investor relations.


The Company has established several communication channels, including (a) the annual and extraordinary
general meetings which provide a forum for Shareholders to communicate directly with the Board; (b) printed
corporate documents mailing to Shareholders; (c) announcement disseminating the latest activities of the
Group on the web-sites of the Company and the Stock Exchange; and (d) the Company’s web-site providing an
electronic means of communication.


Constitutional documents
There was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 March 2020. An up-
to-date version of the Company memorandum and the Articles available on the websites of the Company and
the Stock Exchange.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   39
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ABOUT THIS REPORT

     The Company is delighted to publish the second Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”)
     to summarise the Group’s policies, measures and performance on the key environmental, social and governance
     (“ESG”) issues.


     Reporting Period
     This Report illustrates the overall performance of the Group regarding the environmental and social aspects from
     1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 (the “reporting period” or “2019/2020”).


     Reporting Scope and Boundary
     This Report discloses related policies and initiatives for the core and material business, namely provision of
     superstructure building and RMAA works service in Hong Kong. There is no significant change in the scope and
     boundaries of this Report from that of the ESG report for the year ended 31 March 2019 (“2018/2019”).


     This Report discloses environmental key performance indicators (“KPIs”) and selected social KPIs of the
     corporate office (“office”) and the representative projects (“projects” or “sites of operation”). While this
     Report does not cover all of the Group’s operations, the aim of the Group is to upgrade its internal data
     collection procedure and gradually expand the scope of the disclosure.




40   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Reporting Basis and Principles
This Report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (the
“ESG Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules and on the basis of the four reporting principles –
materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency:


•    “Materiality” Principle:


     The Group determines material ESG issues by stakeholder engagement and materiality assessment. Details
     are explained in the section headed “Materiality Assessment”.


•    “Quantitative” Principle:


     Information is presented with quantitative measure, whenever feasible, including information on the
     standards, methodologies, assumptions used and provision of comparative data.


•    “Balance” Principle:


     This Report identifies the achievements and changelings faced by the Group.


•    “Consistency” Principle:


     Methodologies adopted for preparing this Report are consistent with last year, unless otherwise stated.


This Report has complied with all “comply or explain” provisions and reported on selected recommended
disclosures outlined in the ESG Guide.


The information contained herein is sourced from internal documents and statistics of the Group, as well as the
combined control, management and operations information provided by the subsidiaries in accordance with
the Group’s internal management systems. A complete content index is appended to the last section hereof for
quick reference. This Report is prepared and published in both English and Chinese. In the event of contradiction
or inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     INTRODUCTION

     The Group is committed to integrating ESG factors into its operations in order to create sustainable value for
     stakeholders and take up the responsibilities as a corporate citizen. To minimise the ESG risks embedded in
     the business operations, the Group maintains stringent internal control and risk management systems. We have
     implemented an integrated management system (IMS). The IMS comprises three international management
     system standards – ISO 9001 Quality Management System, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and
     ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System. This integrated system allows us to monitor and
     manage ESG-related risks in an organised manner. In order to establish our IMS across operations in the Group,
     all departments are required to develop their own set of guidelines and are held responsible for compliance.
     The system is regularly audited by both internal and external parties and the results are reviewed by the Group’s
     senior management to monitor performance and compliance.


     As we continue our sustainability journey, performance indicators and targets that are material to our business
     will be progressively added, providing even more insights in our future reports. We will continue to strengthen
     our engagement with key stakeholders and improve our sustainability efforts and practices, to forge a long-term
     sustainable business.


     ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

     The Board supports the Group’s commitment to fulfilling its environmental and social responsibility and has
     overall responsibility for the Group’s ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and
     determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate and effective ESG risk management
     and internal control systems are in place.


     The Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibility of the implementation to the ESG Working Group
     (the “Working Group”). The Working Group is composed of senior management and core members from
     different departments of the Group and is responsible to facilitate the adoption of ESG strategies and policies
     throughout the Group. The Working Group reports to the Board on the implementation of ESG initiatives and
     the corresponding performance.


     The Board regularly reviews the Group’s ESG performance, and examines and approves the Group’s annual ESG
     report.




42   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholders’ opinions are the solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development and success. The
stakeholder engagement helps the Group to develop a business strategy that meets the needs and expectations
of stakeholders, enhances the ability to identify risk and strengthens important relationships. The Group
communicates with its stakeholders through various channels, shown as below.


           Stakeholder                                     Communication Channel

                                  •     Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
   Government and regulatory
                                        information
            agencies
                                  •     Supervision and inspection

                                  •     Annual general meetings and other general meetings of shareholders
                                  •     Company website
   Shareholders and investors     •     Press releases/announcements
                                  •     Annual reports, interim reports, ESG reports and other public
                                        information

                                  •     Training
                                  •     Meetings
           Employees
                                  •     Performance evaluation
                                  •     Survey

                                  •     Fax, email and telephone
           Customers
                                  •     Customers satisfaction survey

                                  •     Meetings
    Suppliers/Subcontractors/
                                  •     Site visit
        Business Partners
                                  •     Survey

                                  •     Participation in community programmes
           Community
                                  •     ESG Reports




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

     The Group identifies issues for disclosure in the Report through internal and external materiality assessment.
     Some issues are updated to better align with the ESG Guide. By considering the dependence and influence
     on the Group of the stakeholders and the resources available for the Group, the management has identified
     key stakeholders and surveyed with them. They have expressed their opinions and recommendation on the
     sustainability issues related to the Group’s operation via a survey.


     Consolidating the results of internal assessment and the survey, the Group has compiled the materiality matrix
     (refer to the diagram below). The issues that fall within the top right-hand quadrant have relatively higher
     significance to both stakeholders and Group’s business. The Group will continue to improve its reporting process
     based on the assessment.


     Materiality Matrix




           Importance to the Stakeholder
                                                                                          2
                                                                                          1
                                                                               5
                                                                               7      3
                                                                   17          11     4
                                                                   19          12
                                                                   22          14     6
                                                                               15     8
                                                                   23          18             9
                                                                                      13
                                                                   24          20     16      10
                                                                               21
                                                                   25




                                                         Importance to the Group


     1     Business ethics/anticorruption       10       Protection of customer privacy        19   Diversity and equal opportunities
                                                         and corporate data
     2     Socioeconomic compliance             11       Waste management                      20   Greenhouse gas emissions
     3     Occupational health and safety       12       Employee retention                    21   Intellectual property rights
     4     Project and/or service quality       13       Water efficiency                      22   Environmental compliance
     5     Employee rights protection           14       Development and training              23   Marketing and labelling
     6     Prohibition of child labour          15       Responsible supplier management       24   Climate change
           and forced labour
     7     Environmental impact mitigation      16       Energy efficiency                     25   Community investment
     8     Material consumption                 17       Anti-discrimination
     9     Customer health and safety           18       Air emissions




44   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


SUBJECT AREA A: ENVIRONMENTAL

Overview
The Group endeavours to minimise any adverse impact on the environment resulting from its business activities.
The Group had implemented an environmental management system which was certified to be in compliance
with the standard required under ISO 14001:2015. Apart from following the environmental protection policies
formulated and required by customers, the Group has also established Environmental Policy to ensure proper
management of environmental protection and compliance of environmental laws and regulations by both our
employees and workers of the subcontractors on, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal.


Emissions
The Group’s sites of operation are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws and
regulations in Hong Kong such as Air Pollution Control Ordinance, Noise Control Ordinance, Water Pollution
Control Ordinance and Waste Disposal Ordinance, Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance. A breach
of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. The Group
ensures its compliance with relevant laws and regulations through measures described in the following sections.
During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.


Air Pollutant Emissions
As the Group’s operations mainly focus on providing superstructure building and RMAA works services to
customers, there are no significant emissions from stationary sources and dust in the sites of operation.


The air pollutants are mainly emitted from the fuel consumption of mobile vehicles, including sulphur oxides
(SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and particulate matter (PM). To control the emissions from vehicles, all vehicles are
under frequent and regular checks and maintenance to ensure no energy inefficiency occurs and idling engine is
prohibited.


The air pollutant emissions recorded a significant increase in 2019/2020, as compared to last year. It was
attributable to the significant consumption of mobile vehicles. Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor
and record air pollutant emissions, enhance related data collection system and develop targets and reduction
plans when appropriate.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                                                                 2019/2020               2018/2019
     Air Pollutant Emissions     1
                                                                                                           kg                      kg


     Nitrogen oxides (NOx)
         – Office                                                                                        5.50                    4.16
         – Projects                                                                                    16.41                     1.03
                                                                                                       21.91                     5.19


     Sulphur oxides (SOx)
         – Office                                                                                        0.12                    0.12
         – Projects                                                                                      0.06                    0.02
                                                                                                         0.18                    0.14


     Particulate matter (PM)
         – Office                                                                                        0.40                    0.31
         – Projects                                                                                      1.55                    0.08
                                                                                                         1.95                    0.39


                                             Air Pollutant Emission By Types in kg


                                                               NOx, 21.91               SOx, 0.18 PM, 1.95
                                                               NOx, 21.91               SOx, 0.18 PM, 1.95
                      2019/2020
                      2019/2020
                                     NOx, 5.19           SOx, 0.14
                                     NOx, 5.19           SOx,0.39
                                                         PM,  0.14
                      2018/2019                          PM, 0.39
                      2018/2019

                                                            NOx       SOx       PM
                                                            NOx       SOx       PM


                                            Air Pollutant Emission By Sources in kg

                                      Office, 6.02                        Projects, 18.02
                                      Office, 6.02                        Projects, 18.02
                      2019/2020
                      2019/2020
                                     Office, 4.59        Projects, 1.13
                                     Office, 4.59        Projects, 1.13
                      2018/2019
                      2018/2019

                                                             Office       Projects
                                                             Office       Projects

     1      Air pollutant emissions are estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental
            KPIs” published by the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. Data includes emissions incurred by mobile vehicles only.



46   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
In response to the community’s gradual concern on greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, climate changes and
other related issues, the Group has begun to monitor and report the GHG emissions annually through ESG
report.


The total GHG emissions and its intensity were 151.97 tonnes CO2-equivalent (tonnes CO2-e) and 0.54 tonnes
CO2-e per million HK$ revenue respectively in 2019/2020, which decreased by 41% and 11% respectively, as
compared to last year. The decrease in total GHG emissions was attributable to the significant decrease in scope
2 emissions.


GHG Emissions2                                                                                   2019/2020                  2018/2019
                                                                                                tonnes CO2                tonnes CO2
                                                                                                 equivalent                equivalent


Scope 13
    – Office                                                                                           22.31                      21.92
    – Projects                                                                                         12.18                       7.88


Scope 1 Total                                                                                          34.49                      29.80


Scope 24
    – Office                                                                                           21.48                      11.09
    – Projects                                                                                         96.00                    216.09


Scope 2 Total                                                                                         117.48                    227.18


Total                                                                                                 151.97                    256.98
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                                      0.54                      0.60


In 2019/2020, the Group’s GHG inventory principally comprise of scope 1 and 2 emissions, similar to last year.
Scope 2 emissions account for 77% of the total GHG emissions.




2       The data is estimated based on “How to prepare an ESG Report? Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” published by
        the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
3       Scope 1: The direct emission from the business operations owned or controlled by the Group, including the emission from the Group’s
        fossil fuel combustion.
4       Scope 2: The “indirect energy” emissions from the internal purchased electricity consumption by the Group



                                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020      47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                               GHG Emission By Scopes in CO2-e


                                    34.49           117.48
                      2019/2020


                                    29.80                     227.18
                                    34.49           117.48
                      2018/2019
                      2019/2020


                                    29.80                Scope1
                                                             227.18 Scope 2
                      2018/2019

     Considering the source of GHG emissions, emissions from the projects account for 71% of the total GHG
     emissions.                              Scope1     Scope 2
                                     43.79           108.18
                      2019/2020               GHG Emission By Sources in CO2-e


                                    33.01                      223.97
                                     43.79           108.18
                      2018/2019
                      2019/2020


                                    33.01                 Office223.97
                                                                     Projects
                      2018/2019


                                                          Office       Projects


     Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record GHG emissions, enhance related data collection
     system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.




48   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Hazardous or Non-hazardous Wastes Management
The Group acknowledges possible environmental impacts of waste generated during the course of its
operations such as site clearance, excavation works, and construction and fitting out works. The Group strives
to mitigate environmental impacts by adopting the right waste management strategy, prioritising avoidance
and minimisation of waste generation, reuse of materials, recovery and recycling. Measures are implemented
in the sites of operations, such as placing recycling bins to collect recycle wastes and recycling and reusing
construction materials when applicable. During the reporting period, 180 tonnes of wood and 30 tonnes of steel
were recycled. The Group was not aware of a significant amount of hazardous wastes generated in the sites of
operation and the office.


The wastes production was 2,266 tonnes and its intensity was 8.01 tonnes per million HK$ revenue respectively in
2019/2020, which increased by 28% and 92% respectively, as compared to last year.


Going forward, the Group will continue refining its wastes reduction measures and disclose relevant results where
appropriate.


Waste                                                                                                   2019/2020              2018/2019
                                                                                                              tonnes               tonnes


Inert construction waste5                                                                                      1,100                   500
Non-inert construction waste          6
                                                                                                               1,166                 1,270


Total                                                                                                          2,266                 1,770
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                                                 8.01               4.16


Effluents
As the sites of operation involve generation of construction runoff and sewage, the Group takes appropriate
measures to avoid contamination and blockage of public drains and sewers. The wastewater treatment system
is established to remove suspended solids contained in concrete washings and site runoff. In addition, water
consumption is minimised through utilising site runoff for dust suppression. In 2019/2020, 4,212 tonnes of sewage
was treated, of which, 200 tonnes were reused.




5       It includes debris, rubble, earth and concrete which is suitable for land reclamation and site formation.
6       It includes bamboo, timber, vegetation, packaging waste and other organic materials.



                                                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Use of Resources
     The major use of resources of the Group includes energy, water and other construction material. Resource-saving
     is recognised as one of the key considerations in operations as stated in the Environmental Policy.


     Energy
     Energy consumption is controlled through administrative measures, such as switching off electrical appliance
     during non-business hours.


     In 2019/2020, the types of energy used by the Group comprise of diesel, petrol and electricity, similar to last year.
     The energy consumption was 298.34 megawatt-hours (MWh), recorded a decrease of 40%, as compared to last
     year. The decrease in the total energy consumption was attributable to the significant decrease in indirect energy
     consumption (i.e. electricity) for projects. The energy consumption intensity was 1.05 MWh per million HK$
     revenue, recorded a decrease of 10%, as compared to last year.


     Going forward, the Group will continue to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data
     collection system and develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


     Energy Consumption                                                                                  2019/2020      2018/2019
                                                                                                                MWh         MWh


     Direct Energy Consumption7
         – Office                                                                                               81.29       75.86
         – Projects (Petrol and Diesel)                                                                         46.90       29.19
                                                                                                               128.19      105.05


     Indirect Energy Consumption8
         – Office                                                                                               42.11       21.74
         – Projects                                                                                            128.04      370.21
                                                                                                               170.15      391.95


     Total Energy Consumption                                                                                  298.34      497.00
     Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                                         1.05        1.17




     7     It includes the energy consumption from the fossil fuel consumption, including diesel and petrol.
     8     It includes the energy consumption from the purchased electricity of the Group.



50   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Water
The water resource is also realised as a precious resource. In order to reduce the use of freshwater, the Group
encourages the reuse and recycling of water in sites of operation, for example, the sewage is reused for dust
suppression. The Group does not consume other natural water resources such as surface water or underground
water. Water was supplied by third parties, therefore, there was no issue in sourcing water.


In 2019/2020, the total water consumption and its intensity were 5,625 cubic meters (m3) and 19.87 m3 per million
HK$ revenue respectively, which decreased by 54% and 31% respectively, compared with last year. Going forward,
the Group will continue to monitor and record energy consumption, enhance related data collection system and
develop targets and reduction plans when appropriate.


Water Consumption9                                                                   2019/2020                2018/2019
                                                                                          tonnes                  tonnes


Total water consumption                                                                5,625.00                12,281.00
Intensity (per million HK$ revenue)                                                        19.87                    28.84


Raw Material
To minimise the wastes and consumption of construction material, we encourage recycle and reuse of material.
The Group’s business activities do not consume packaging materials. In 2019/2020, key construction materials
consumed include wood, steel, sand, cement and concrete.


Construction Material Consumption                                                    2019/2020                2018/2019
                                                                                          tonnes                  tonnes


Wood                                                                                      300.00                    50.00
Steel                                                                                  1,021.00                    436.00
Other Materials (i.e. sand, cement, concrete)                                         12,643.00                        –10


Moving forward, the Group will continue refining measures and evaluate the related results achieved if
applicable.




9       It includes the water consumption in the sites of operation only.
10      Data has been collected since 2019/2020.



                                                                            Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Environment and Natural Resources
     As established in its Environmental Policy and Integrated Management System (IMS) Policy, the Group strives to
     mitigate the impact of its operations on environmental and natural resources. The Group’s operation does make
     an impact on water, air and land, and therefore on the ecosystem. Therefore, the Group implements a range of
     measures for environmental protection and sustainable development, complies with applicable environmental-
     related laws and regulations and strives to operate in a responsible manner which balances the need for
     operation with minimising its environmental impact.


     The Group continuously introduces measures to source control and end treatment with the purpose of fulfilling
     targets for reducing, reusing, recycling and renewing raw materials, reducing emissions and waste, improving
     the utilisation efficiency of water and energy resources, and minimising the effect of the operation on the
     environment and natural resources. The details of measures are illustrated in the sections headed “Emission”
     and “Use of Resources”.


     Moving forward, the Group also endeavours to meet the requirements of certain industry’s codes of practice
     such as the BEAM Plus New Buildings issued by the Hong Kong Green Building Council and the BEAM Society.


     SUBJECT AREA B: SOCIAL

     Employment and Labour Practices
     Employment
     The Group believes that employees are the most important asset of the company. As the business grows, the
     Group must establish sustainable human capital to attract and retain talents. The Group strictly abides by the
     Employment Ordinance, Employments’ Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Construction
     Workers Registration Ordinance and Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. A breach of these
     ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. During the reporting
     period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard. The Group has established Human
     Resources Management Policy and other related guidelines, which set out the details on remuneration, dismissal,
     recruitment, promotion, working hours, rest periods, diversity, equal opportunities and anti-discrimination.


     Remuneration and dismissal
     To attract and retain talents, the Group provides a competitive remuneration package to employees includes
     salary, bonuses and other cash subsidies. In general, the Group determines employee salaries based on each
     employee’s qualifications, position and seniority. The Group has designed an annual review system to assess
     the performance of employees, which forms the basis of decisions with respect to salary raises, bonuses and
     promotions. For voluntary resignation, an exit interview is conducted with the resigned employee so the Group
     would understand the reason and continue to improve the human resource management.




52   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Recruitment and promotion
The Group recruits talent in a fair, impartial and open manner, with reference to factors such as employees’
experience, qualifications and expertise required for the business operations. The Group endeavours to use its
best effort to attract and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group assesses the
available human resources on a continuous basis and will determine whether additional personnel are required to
cope with the business development of the Group.


The Group recognises the importance of development and growth of employees. The promotion of employee
based on the performance appraisals. On a regular basis, performance appraisal is conducted between the
management of employees, evaluating employees’ performance regarding work attitude, technical skills,
interpersonal skills etc.


Working hours and rest periods
The Group is dedicated to providing reasonable working hours and rest periods to employees. All employees are
entitled to General Holidays as announced in the Hong Kong SAR Government Gazette each year. In addition to
General Holidays, employees are entitled to annual leave, maternity leave, sick leave and compassionate leave.


Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination
The Group is committed to ensuring that the work environment it provides is free from harassment,
discrimination and any behaviour that damage to productivity. The management of each department is
responsible for formulating and implementing the Group’s working environment policy, which contains the
standards in this regard.


Employee benefits and welfare
According to the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, the Group provide various benefits and welfare
to the employees. The Group participates in the defined contribution scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance which is available to its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions
to the MPF Scheme by the Group and employees are made based on a percentage of employees’ basic salaries.
The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed to the MPF Scheme. The
Group also provides medical insurance, compensation insurance and monetary awards, such as discretionary
bonus, to employees.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Workforce
     As at 31 March11                                                                                  2019/2020                   2018/2019


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                                  46                        43
          – Female                                                                                                16                        16


     By Age Group
          – Below 30                                                                                                7                         8
          – 30-50                                                                                                 22                        16
          – 50 or above                                                                                           33                        35


     By Employment Type
          – Full Time                                                                                             62                        59
          – Part Time                                                                                               0                         0


     By Geographical Region
          – Hong Kong                                                                                             62                        59


     Total                                                                                                        62                        59



     Employee Turnover Rate12                                                                          2019/2020                   2018/2019
                                                                                                                   %                         %


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                                  13                        35
          – Female                                                                                                  6                       19


     By Age Group
          – Below 30                                                                                                0                       63
          – 30-50                                                                                                   5                       50
          – 50 or above                                                                                           18                        14


     By Geographical Region
          – Hong Kong                                                                                             11                        31


     Overall                                                                                                      11                        31




     11      It includes employees of the Group only. Workers of the subcontractors are excluded.
     12      Employee turnover rate=(Total number of employees left during the reporting period/Total number employees at the end of the reporting
             period) * 100%



54   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Health and Safety
Due to the nature of works in the construction industry, workers at the sites are prone to safety hazards. The
Group has stated in its Safety and Health Policy Statement its commitment to creating a health and safety
working environment for its employees and subcontractors. The Group has adopted an occupational health and
safety management system in accordance with the requirement of ISO 45001:2018 accreditation and has in place
various policies and procedures to maintain health and safety in the workplace.


Safety Organisation
The Group has established a Company Safety Management Committee and Site Safety Committee with clearly
defined responsibilities. The former is responsible for developing, reviewing and revising the Group’s Safety and
Health Policy and regularly monitoring the proper implementation of a safety management system. The latter
provides and improves the safety at work on-site and shall able to participate in the making and monitoring of
arrangements for safety at the workplace.


Health and Safety Measures
In order to provide a safe and healthy working environment for employees and subcontractors and to ensure
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong, a safety plan is implemented at the
commencement and during the implementation period of each project and conduct hazard analysis. The safety
officer conducts site visits regularly to ensure the workers have taken all necessary safety precaution measures.
Some key measures are implemented in the sites of operations as follows:


•    All new workers receive required personal protective equipment.


•    All new workers must attend introduction training prior to works commencement.


•    Contractors with the best safety performance are nominated monthly.


•    Safety Notice will be posted on the conspicuous place and safety promotion luncheon is organised on a
     regular basis to strengthen the safety awareness of employees and workers.


•    The Safety Model Worker Award Scheme has been established to raise the safety awareness of employees.


•    A fire drill is organised for dry seasons.


Monitoring System
Regular meetings are held for directors, safety officer and site supervisors to share the latest information and
good practices with respect to safety. In the event of the occurrence of incidents and near misses, prompt
corrections will be taken by following the emergency preparedness and response procedure. Follow-up
investigation will be carried out to find out the root causes of the case(s) and prevent reoccurrence of the similar
case(s). Apart from routine safety inspections, regular safety walks by senior management and Occupational
Health and Safety (OHS) audits are conducted on all constructions sites to verify the sufficiency and effectiveness
of safety control measures.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Safety Training


     The Group recognises safety training as one of the important elements in preventing workplace injuries.
     Therefore, the Group will identify the safety training needs of workers and employees, and safety training
     courses will be provided by external training bodies (such as the Construction Industry Council) to workers and
     employees. Training course including but not limited to:


              Course Category                             Description                               Audience

                                             Improve safety management                Senior project manager and site
      Safety Management Course
                                             technique                                agent

                                             Provide the assessor with                Risk assessment team members
                                             techniques of risk assessment to
      Risk Assessment Course
                                             assist the preparing safe systems of
                                             work and good safety practices

                                             Improve their safety supervision         Front line supervisory staff
      Safety Supervisor Course
                                             and accident prevention technique.       (e.g. Site agent, foreman etc.)

                                             Enrich the basic safety knowledge        All workers
      Basic Safety Training Course
                                             of workers

                                             Introduce the site condition and         All new employees
      Safety Induction Course
                                             safety arrangement of the company

                                             Focus on relevant hazards of             All workers
                                             different works such as site
                                             formation and metal works, to
      Trade Training
                                             provide safety knowledge to the
                                             workers when working in high-risk
                                             activities

                                             Educate employees on risks and           All workers
      Tool Box Talk                          precautions relating to their roles in
                                             the sites of operations




56   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Response to COVID-19 Pandemic


The challenges arising from the COVID-19 pandemic are unprecedented. To reduce the risk of infection and the
spread of the virus in the workplace, we have adopted the following measures:


–    Implemented special work arrangement, departments can exercise flexibility in making “working from
     home” and/or roster arrangements


–    Purchased insurance with additional coverage for our employees


–    Ensured sufficient stocks of disinfecting and cleaning supplies and surgical masks


The Group strictly abides by the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong relating to providing a safe
working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazardous, including but not limited to
Occupational Safety Ordinance, Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance, and follows the Codes of
Practice and Guidance Notes published by the Labour Department and relevant guidelines published by
the Construction Industry Council. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability
including fine and imprisonment.


During the reporting period, the Group experienced certain non-compliance incidents relating to certain
regulations under the Construction Sites (Safety) Regulations and Occupational Safety Ordinance. In response to
these incidents, our safety department has increased the frequency of inspection and prepared safety inspection
report accordingly in order to enhance site workers’ safety awareness and reduce the frequency of occurrence of
such incidents.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group will continue to review the existing occupational health and safety management system and elevate
     the safety awareness of the employees and subcontractors. Our safety performance is as follows:


     Safety Performance                                                                               2019/2020                2018/201913


     Total number of working hours (man-hours)                                                         1,058,812                  1,110,292


     Fatality
          • Number of fatalities                                                                                  0                         0
          • Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours14                                                             0.00                      0.00


     Lost Days
          • Number of working days lost due to injuries15                                                      306                       475
          • Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours16                                                           28.90                      42.78


     Accident Rate
          • Number of accident (reportable cases)                                                                 4                         5
          • Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours17                                                             0.38                      0.45



     Development and Training

     The Group respects the people-oriented principle and regards the employee as the utmost important asset.
     Attaching importance to cultivating and developing talents are the drivers for the continuous improvement of the
     Group and the key to the success of its future business.


     The Group provides various types of training to employees and sponsors them to attend various training courses,
     including those on occupational health and safety in relation to the construction work. Such training courses
     include internal training as well as courses organised by external parties such as the Construction Industry
     Council and the Occupational Safety and Health Council.




     13      For the consistency and enhancement of the calculation methodologies with 2019/2020, data in 2018/2019 is restated.
     14      Fatality rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of fatalities/Total number of working hours worked during the reporting period)
             *100,000
     15      It refers to the number of working days lost as a result of accidents that occurred during the reporting period
     16      Lost day rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of labour days lost/Total number of working hours worked during the reporting
             period) *100,000
     17      Accident rate per 100,000 man-hours = (Total number of injuries/estimated total working hours during the reporting period) *100,000




58   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Training highlights in the reporting period


During the reporting period, our management staff participated in the Executive Certificate Course on Corporate
Financial Management and Internal Control Compliance organised by the Hong Kong Management Association.


During the reporting period, the Group had 8% of the total number of employees received training and they
received 50 hours of training. The percentage of employees receiving training for the year ended 31 March are as
follows:


Percentage of employees receiving training18                                                       2019/2020                   2018/2019
                                                                                                               %                          %


By Gender
     – Male                                                                                                     7                        12
     – Female                                                                                                  13                        13
By Employment Category
     – Senior Management or above                                                                              29                        20
     – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                        16                        50
     – General Staff                                                                                             –                       30
     – Site Staff                                                                                                –                         –


Overall                                                                                                         8                        12




18      Percentage of employees receiving training = (Total number of employees receiving training during the reporting period/the total number
        of employees at the end of the reporting period) *100%



                                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020        59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The corresponding average training hours19 per employee for the year ended 31 March are as follows:


                                                                                                         2019/2020                 2018/2019
     Average Training Hours                                                                       hours/employee            hours/employee


     By Gender
          – Male                                                                                                  0.65                      6.51
          – Female                                                                                                1.25                      2.50
     By Employment Category
          – Senior Management or above                                                                            2.86                      6.00
          – Middle Management (i.e. manager)                                                                      1.58                     38.33
          – General Staff                                                                                             –                     6.00
          – Site Staff                                                                                                –                         –


     Overall                                                                                                      0.81                      5.42




     Labour Standards

     The Group prohibits the employment of child labour, forced labour and illegal labour as stipulated in its
     Employee Handbook. The Group considers the risk for incidents of child or forced labour in terms of our business
     activities and operating locations are not significant.


     The Group has implemented the following measures to prevent having child labour or illegal immigrants from
     being on-site and to prevent illegal workers from taking employment on site:


     1.      Human resources and administrative officers inspect and take a copy of the original of his/her Hong Kong
             identity card and/or other documentary evidence showing that he/she is lawfully employable in Hong Kong.


     2.      The subcontracting agreement contains a clause whereby subcontractors are required to hire only persons
             who are lawfully employable to work on-site and to prevent any illegal worker to enter the site.


     3.      Foremen are responsible for inspecting the personal identification document of each worker and shall
             refuse any person who does not possess proper personal identification documents from entering the site.


     The Group strictly abides the Employment Ordinance and section 38A of the Immigration Ordinance. A breach
     of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and imprisonment. During the
     reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case relating to child labour, forced labour
     and illegal immigrant labour.




     19      Average training hours = Total training hours during the reporting period/Total number of employees at the end of the reporting period



60   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Operating Practices
Supply Chain Management

The Group is committed to building lasting and constructive relationships with partners in its supply chain. The
suppliers of goods and services to the Group mainly include:


(i)     subcontractors


(ii)    suppliers of construction materials such as concrete and reinforcement steel


(iii)   machinery and equipment rental service providers


In 2019/2020, the Group has a total of 182 (2018/2019: 168) suppliers and subcontractors and all of them are
located in Hong Kong.


Procurement practices


As stated in the Code of Conduct, it is necessary to be objective, fair and ethical when purchasing materials or
services. Procurement decisions should be made according to price, quality, delivery capacity, service reputation
and integrity, etc.


The Group’s Material Supplier/Subcontractor Management Policy outlines our general procurement procedure
for material suppliers and subcontractors. To manage the environmental and social risks of our supply chain, we
conduct assessments on our suppliers and subcontractors based on their environmental and social performance.
The details of the practices are as follows.


The Group maintains an approved list of material suppliers or subcontractors, which are selected based on their
experience, qualifications, quality of work, reputation in the industry, capability, price competitiveness, credit-
worthiness and their safety and environmental records. Furthermore, in some projects, certain works which
required specific skill sets including curtain wall installation, lifts and escalators installation and electrical and
mechanical works, required to be carried out by the subcontractors nominated by customers.


The approved list will be reviewed and updated from time to time according to the performance of suppliers
and subcontractors. To evaluate the performance of suppliers and subcontractors, we conduct suppliers and
subcontractor performance evaluation based on a list of criteria. If the supplier or subcontractor is considered as
unqualified based on the evaluation, it will be removed from the approved list.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subcontractors management


     In order to closely monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to ensure that the subcontractors comply
     with the contractual requirements and the relevant laws and regulations, the Group requires subcontractors to
     follow its internal control measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental compliance.


     During project implementation, the project team regularly meets with subcontractors and closely monitors
     their performance and work progress as well as their compliance with the Group’s safety measures and quality
     standards.


     For further information regarding the Group’s measures in relation to quality control, safety and environmental
     compliance of subcontractors, please refer to the sections headed “Product Responsibility”, “Health and Safety”
     and “Environmental Aspect”.


     In addition, depending on agreements with subcontractors, the Group may hold up a certain percentage of each
     interim payment made to our subcontractors as retention money, such that if the subcontractors fail to deliver the
     works or rectify any defects in a timely manner, any expenses.


     Product Responsibility

     The Group has established Quality Policy and various internal control procedures, showing the Group’s
     commitment regarding safety and quality management of its projects and services and protection of customer’s
     privacy.


     Quality Management


     Quality management is the key to maintain the safety of our projects. To maintain consistent quality and safety of
     services for customers, the Group has established a formal quality management system which is certified to be
     in compliance with the requirements of ISO 9001:2015. The Group has in-house quality assurance requirements
     that conform to the ISO 9001:2015 quality standards specifying, among other things, specific work procedures
     for performing different types of the site works, management process, responsibilities of personnel of different
     levels, tendering process, cost control, project planning, project management and supervision, quality inspection
     procedures and standards, subcontracting requirements and accident reporting and complaints. Workers and
     subcontractors are required to follow such procedures.




62   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Quality control of projects


The Group’s quality management system is contained in its project quality plan which sets out the steps to be
carried out throughout the building works process from pre-construction stage to the maintenance stage.


To ensure that the works meet the required standard,


1.   A full-time foreman is assigned at each of the construction sites as the first line of monitoring the quality of
     works done by the Group’s own staff or subcontractors.


2.   Project manager visits the construction sites to monitor the work quality, the progress of work and ensures
     that works are completed according to schedule.


3.   The Group’s Executive Directors, who closely monitor the progress of each project, communicate with the
     project management teams closely and discuss issues identified, to ensure the building works:


     •     meet customers’ requirements


     •     are completed within the time stipulated in the contract and the budget allocated for the project


     •     comply with all relevant codes and regulations applicable to the works


Quality control of materials


The quality of purchased materials is closely monitored. To ensure the quality of supplies, prior to ordering,
quantity surveyors will ensure that the materials are sourced from approved suppliers to ensure the overall quality
of supplies.


Upon the arrival of the ordered materials, all materials are sent directly to the relevant work sites for inspection
by foremen before utilisation. During the inspection, the designated personnel will check (i) whether the quantity
is correct; and (ii) whether there are any observable defects. Any defective materials or materials that fall short of
the product specifications would be returned to the suppliers for replacement. Customers would also inspect the
materials used by us at project sites and verify the specifications from time to time.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Customer satisfaction


     The Group is committed to providing efficient and cordial services, always ensuring satisfactory customer
     satisfaction. We provide customers with information including price, business capabilities and product
     characteristics are clear and authentic. No misstatement or exaggeration for our product and services.


     As stipulated in the IMS manual, the Group monitors the quality performance of projects based on the
     customers’ feedback. The Group is committed to understanding the views and opinions towards product and
     services through close communication with customers and proper maintenance of the related records. We collect
     customers’ feedbacks through a customer satisfaction survey. The feedbacks serve as a valuable reference for our
     future improvements.


     Intellectual Property Protection


     The Group’s business does not involve research and development. Nonetheless, our Code of Conduct stated
     explicitly that new ideas and intellectual property rights, including trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
     special rights and trade secrets, are all valuable assets of the Group and must be protected. All employees are
     responsible for protecting the intellectual property rights of the Group and others. Employees are required
     to inform the management immediately if any cases of infringement of the intellectual property of the Group.
     Copying of any part of third-party software is prohibited unless it is an authorised copy, or its license explicitly
     permits copying. Downloading and installation of unauthorised software are not allowed.


     Advertising and Labelling


     The Group does not involve in product packaging and labelling activities. Besides, the Group does not rely
     heavily on marketing and advertising. The Group does not aware of any significant impact relating to advertising
     and labelling on its operations.


     Customer Data Protection and Privacy


     The Group attaches great importance to the confidential information of the customers. The Group strives to
     protect the privacy of its customers, business partners and staff in the collection, processing and use of their
     business or personal data. The Group’s Code of Conduct provides guidance on the handling of confidential
     information.


     The Group strictly follows the laws and regulations relating to product responsibility, such as the Personal Data
     (Privacy) Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine and
     imprisonment. During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case in this regard.




64   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Anti-corruption

Honesty, integrity and fair competition are the core values that all employees of the Group have to defend. The
Group’s Code of Conduct sets out the employee’s conducts in dealing with problems related to acceptance of
advantages and conflicts of interest.


Other than the internal anti-bribery and corruption guidelines as stipulated in the Code of Conduct, the Group
has in place a whistleblowing policy as a communication channel for employees to report concerns relating to
the ethical business or personal conduct, accounting and financial matters, integrity and professionalism, or
allegations of retaliation for having reported matters in good faith. Employees are welcomed to send his/her
concerns via email anonymously. The Group has also implemented appropriate and effective internal controls at
different business processes to prevent and detect fraudulent activities.


The Group strictly abides by the laws and regulations relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
in Hong Kong, including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance and Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
Financing Ordinance. A breach of these ordinances can give rise to civil and/or criminal liability including fine
and imprisonment. During the reporting period, the Group was not aware of any non-compliance case or related
corruption litigation case in this regard.


Community
Community Investment

The Group is committed to maintaining the sustainability of its business and its communities. The Group’s
Community Investment Policy establishes a framework and guidelines for community investment, sponsorship
and donation activities, and is expected to contribute to community wellness.


The Group aims to develop long-term relations with stakeholders based on mutual trust, respect and integrity.
The Group also seeks to make contributions to programs which have a positive impact on community
development. Employees are encouraged to volunteer, and work through collaboration with strategic giving as
well as capacity-building initiatives to try and create a positive impact in the community.


During the reporting period, the Group focused on the contribution in the area of education and community. The
Group donated HK$17,000 to support the community. Beneficiary organisations include as follows.


•    Twinklestars, which is an organisation that aims at providing financial support to the needed students for
     their tertiary education in Mainland China.


•    Windshield charitable foundation, which is a charitable organisation that aims at supporting
     underprivileged groups in Hong Kong and Mainland China.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ESG GUIDE CONTENT INDEX
     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                     Section/Statement         Page number


     Subject Area A. Environmental


     Aspect A1 Emissions


     General Disclosure           Information on:



                                  (a) the policies; and                              Emissions                 45


                                  (b) compliance with relevant laws
                                      and regulations that have a
                                      significant impact on the issuer


                                  relating to air and greenhouse gas
                                  emissions, discharges into water and
                                  land, and generation of hazardous
                                  and non-hazardous waste.


     KPI A1.1                         T h e ty p e s o f emissions a nd              Emissions                 45
                                      respective emissions data


     KPI A1.2                         Greenhouse gas emissions in                    Emissions                 45
                                      total (in tonnes) and, where
                                      appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                                      unit of production volume, per
                                      facility)


     KPI A1.3                         Total hazardous waste produced                 Not material: No          Not applicable
                                      (in tonnes) and, where                           significant hazardous
                                      appropriate, intensity (e.g. per                 wastes produced.
                                      unit of production volume, per
                                      facility)


     KPI A1.4                         To t a l n o n - h a z a r d o u s w a s t e   Emissions                 45
                                      produced (in tonnes) and, where
                                      appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                                      unit of production volume, per
                                      facility)




66   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                 Section/Statement          Page number


KPI A1.5                   D e s c r i p t i o n o f m e a s u re s t o     Emissions                   45
                           mitigate emissions and results
                           achieved


KPI A1.6                   Description of how hazardous                     Emissions                   45
                           and non-hazardous wastes are
                           handled, reduction initiatives and
                           results achieved


Aspect A2 Use of Resources


General Disclosure         P o l i c i e s o n e ff i c i e n t u s e o f   Use of Resources            50
                           resources, including energy, water
                           and other raw materials


KPI A2.1                   Direct and/or indirect energy                    Use of Resources            50
                           consumption by type (e.g.
                           electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh
                           in ‘000s) and intensity (e.g. per
                           meal)




                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                     Section/Statement     Page number


     KPI A2.2                         Wa t e r c o n s u m p t i o n i n t o t a l   Use of Resources      50
                                      and intensity (e.g. per unit of
                                      production volume, per facility)


     KPI A2.3                         Description of energy use                      Use of Resources      50
                                      efficiency initiatives and results
                                      achieved


     KPI A2.4                         Description of whether there is                Use of Resources      50
                                      any issue in sourcing water that
                                      is fit for purpose, water efficiency
                                      initiatives and results achieved


     KPI A2.5                         Total packaging material used for              Not material: Not     Not Applicable
                                      finished products (in tonnes) and,               relevant to the
                                      if applicable, with reference to                 Group’s business
                                      per unit produced


     Aspect A3 The Environment and Natural Resources


     General Disclosure               Policies on minimising the                     The Environment and   52
                                      issuer’s significant impact on                   Natural Resources
                                      the environment and natural
                                      resources


     KPI A3.1                         Description of the significant                 The Environment and   52
                                      impacts of activities on the                     Natural Resources
                                      environment and natural
                                      resources and the actions taken
                                      to manage them




68   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1               Section/Statement          Page number


Subject Area B. Social


Employment and Labour Practice


Aspect B1 Employment


General Disclosure       Information on:                                  Employment                  52


                         (a) the policies; and


                         (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                            regulations that have a significant
                            impact on the issuer


                         relating to compensation and dismissal,
                         recruitment and promotion, working
                         hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                         diversity, antidiscrimination, and other
                         benefits and welfare


KPI B1.1                    To t a l w o r k f o r c e b y g e n d e r,   Employment                  52
                            employment type, age group and
                            geographical region


KPI B1.2                    Employee turnover rate                        Employment                  52
                            b y g e n d e r, a g e g r o u p a n d
                            geographical region




                                                                            Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   69
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                       Section/Statement   Page number


     Aspect B2 Health and Safety


     General Disclosure           Information on:


                                  (a) the policies; and                                Health and Safety   55


                                  (b) compliance with relevant laws and
                                      regulations that have a significant
                                      impact on the issuer


                                  relating to providing a safe working
                                  environment and protecting employees
                                  from occupational hazards


     KPI B2.1                         Number and rate of work-related                  Health and Safety   55
                                      fatalities


     KPI B2.2                         Lost days due to work injury                     Health and Safety   55


     KPI B2.3                         Description of occupational health               Health and Safety   55
                                      and safety measures adopted,
                                      how they are implemented and
                                      monitored


     Aspect B3 Development and Training


     General Disclosure               Policies on improving employees’                 Development and     58
                                      knowledge and skills for                           Training
                                      d i s c h a rg i n g d u t i e s a t w o r k .
                                      Description of training activities


     KPI B3.1                         The percentage of employees                      Development and     58
                                      trained by gender and employee                     Training
                                      category


     KPI B3.2                         The average training hours                       Development and     58
                                      completed per employee by                          Training
                                      gender and employee category




70   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1      Section/Statement          Page number


Aspect B4 Labour Standards


General Disclosure     Information on:


                       (a) the policies; and                     Labour Standards            60


                       (b) compliance with relevant laws
                           and regulations that have a
                           significant impact on the issuer


                       relating to preventing child or forced
                       labour


KPI B4.1                   Description of measures to review     Labour Standards            60
                           employment practices to avoid
                           child and forced labour


KPI B4.2                   Description of steps taken to         No case discovered.         60
                           eliminate such practices when
                           discovered


Operating Practices


Aspect B5 Supply Chain Management


General Disclosure         Policies       on   managing          Supply Chain                61
                           environmental and social risks of       Management
                           supply chain


KPI B5.1                   Number of suppliers by geographical   Supply Chain                61
                           region                                  Management


KPI B5.2                   Description of practices relating     Supply Chain                61
                           to engaging suppliers, number of        Management
                           suppliers where the practices are
                           being implemented, how they are
                           implemented and monitored




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   71
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                       Section/Statement         Page number


     Aspect B6 Product Responsibility


     General Disclosure           Information on:


                                  (a) the policies; and                                Product Responsibility/   62
                                                                                         Advertising and
                                  (b) compliance with relevant laws                      labelling matters are
                                      and regulations that have a                        not material to the
                                      significant impact on the issuer                   Group’s business


                                  r e l a t i n g t o h e a l t h a n d s a f e t y,
                                  advertising, labelling and privacy
                                  matters relating to products and
                                  services provided and methods of
                                  redress.


     KPI B6.1                         Percentage of total products sold                Not material: No          Not Applicable
                                      or shipped subject to recalls for                  manufacturing of
                                      safety and health reasons                          products.


     KPI B6.2                         Number of products and service                   Not Applicable            Not Applicable
                                      related complaints received and
                                      how they are dealt with


     KPI B6.3                         Description of practices relating                Product Responsibility    62
                                      to observing and protecting
                                      intellectual property rights


     KPI B6.4                         Description of quality assurance                 Product Responsibility    62
                                      process and recall procedures


     KPI B6.5                         Description of consumer data                     Product Responsibility    62
                                      protection and privacy policies,
                                      how they are implemented and
                                      monitored




72   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1      Section/Statement          Page number


Aspect B7 Anti-corruption


General Disclosure     Information on


                       (a) the policies; and                     Anti-corruption             65


                       (b) compliance with relevant laws
                            and regulations that have a
                            significant impact on the issuer


                       relating to bribery, extortion, fraud
                       and money laundering


KPI B7.1                    Number of concluded legal            No concluded case.          65
                            cases regarding corrupt practices
                            brought against the issuer or its
                            employees during the reporting
                            period and the outcomes of the
                            cases


KPI B7.2                    Description of preventive measures   Anti-corruption             65
                            and whistle-blowing procedures,
                            how they are implemented and
                            monitored




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   73
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs Note 1                          Section/Statement              Page number


     Community


     Aspect B8 Community Investment


     General Disclosure                Policies on community engagement                   Community Investment            65
                                       to understand the needs of the
                                       communities where the issuer
                                       operates and to ensure its activities
                                       take into consideration the
                                       communities’ interests


     KPI B8.1                          F o c u s a re a s o f c o n t r i b u t i o n     Community Investment            65
                                       (e.g. education, environmental
                                       concerns, labour needs, health,
                                       culture, sport)


     KPI B8.2                          R e s o u rc e s c o n t r i b u t e d ( e . g .   Community Investment            65
                                       money or time) to the focus area

     Note 1:     All general disclosure under each aspect and KPIs in the “Environmental” subject area are the “comply or explain” provisions while
                 others are recommended disclosure set out in the ESG Guide.




74   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF GOLDEN PONDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Golden Ponder Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 81 to 145, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 March 2020, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 March 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared
in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                        Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   75
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     Revenue recognition of construction contracts
     Refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 102 to 105.


     The Group’s revenue from construction contracts amounted to approximately HK$283,148,000 for the year
     ended 31 March 2020, and the carrying amount of contract assets of the Group amounted to approximately
     HK$75,247,000 as at 31 March 2020.


     The Group recognised revenue from a construction contract by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of performance obligation at the end of the reporting period, measured using the input method.
     Most of the Group’s construction contracts with customers take several years to complete and the scope of work
     of a contract may change during the construction period. Management estimates the revenue and budgeted
     costs at the commencement of construction contracts and regularly assesses the progress of construction works
     as well as the financial impact of any scope changes, claims, disputes and liquidation damages.


     We identified the revenue recognition of construction contracts as a key audit matter as management’s estimate
     of revenue, budgeted costs and the stage of completion of construction works requires significant judgement
     and has a significant impact on the amount and timing of revenue recognised.


     Our response:


     •     Obtaining an understanding of the Group’s controls and processes over revenue recognition of
           construction contracts and contract budget preparation;


     •     Discussing with management and the contract managers of the Group who are responsible for the
           preparation of budgets of construction contracts to evaluate the reasonableness of their bases of
           estimation of the budget revenue and costs as well as the progress towards completion of the contracts;


     •     On a sample basis, checking supporting documents including contracts, variation orders and
           correspondences with customers, subcontractors and suppliers, in order to evaluate reasonableness of
           management’s estimation of the budgeted revenue and budgeted contract costs;


     •     Assessing management’s estimates of the impact on revenue and budgeted costs arising from scope
           changes made to the construction contracts, claims, disputes and liquidated damages with reference to
           supporting documents including variation orders and correspondence among the Group, independent
           surveyors, customers, subcontractors and suppliers;


     •     Recalculating the revenue recognised based on estimate of the progress of the construction contracts; and


     •     On a sample basis, agreeing the contract costs incurred to date on construction contracts to the
           subcontractors’ payment certificates and supplier invoices.




76   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets
Refer to notes 17 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on pages 100 to
101.


As at 31 March 2020, trade receivables and contract assets of the Group amounted to approximately
HK$44,584,000 and approximately HK$75,247,000 respectively, representing 16% and 26% of the Group’s total
assets, respectively.


Management estimates expected credit loss (“ECL”) of trade receivables and contract assets based on the
historical default rates, past-due status and financial capability of individual debtors and forward-looking
macroeconomic factors.


We identified the impairment of trade receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the
significance of the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets to the consolidated financial
statements, as well as the significant judgement involved in developing and implementing the ECL model and
high level of estimation uncertainty.


Our response:


•      Understanding management’s process of assessing recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets;


•      Assessing the appropriateness of management’s ECL model and challenging assumptions and data used in
       estimating ECL, including testing the accuracy of the historical data, evaluating whether the historical loss
       rates are appropriately adjusted based on current economic conditions and forward-looking information
       and assessing whether there was an indication of management bias when recognising loss allowances; and


•      Discussing with the Group’s project managers about their evaluation of impact of disputes with customers
       and unforeseen delay of construction contracts, if any, on the recoverability of trade receivables and
       contract assets and checking to those relevant correspondences and documents to assess reasonableness
       of their evaluation.


Other Information in the Annual Report
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   77
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
     fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
     or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
     have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
     assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
     a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our
     engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
     person for the contents of this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
     the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




78   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
     to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
     that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
     forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
     of the Group’s internal control.


•    evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
     that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
     that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
     disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
     However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•    evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•    obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
     business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
     are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
     responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                                         Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   79
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
     We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
     matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.




     BDO Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Tang Tak Wah
     Practising Certificate Number P06262


     Hong Kong, 19 June 2020




80   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                              For the year ended 31 March 2020




                                                                                 2020                     2019
                                                         Notes               HK$’000                  HK$’000


Revenue                                                    7                 283,148                  425,773
Cost of services                                                            (263,062)                 (380,748)


Gross profit                                                                   20,086                   45,025


Other income                                               8                    1,755                    4,530
Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables, net    30(a)                 (2,849)                        –
Administrative and other expenses                                             (19,778)                 (27,042)
Finance costs                                              9                      (149)                   (130)


(Loss)/profit before income tax expense                   10                      (935)                 22,383
Income tax expense                                        11                   (1,116)                  (5,559)


(Loss)/profit and total comprehensive (expense)/income
  for the year attributable to owners of the Company                           (2,051)                  16,824


                                                                            HK cents                 HK cents


(Loss)/earnings per share, attributable
  to owners of the Company
– Basic and diluted                                       14                     (0.26)                    2.33




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   81
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2020




                                                                       2020         2019
                                                         Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                        15           1,661       2,019
     Right-of-use assets                                  16           1,641           –
     Deposits                                             18           9,304         362

                                                                      12,606       2,381

     Current assets
     Trade receivables                                    17          44,584      63,297
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables          18          40,795      37,401
     Contract assets                                      19          75,247     120,078
     Tax recoverable                                                   2,729           –
     Restricted bank deposit                              20               –      12,030
     Cash and cash equivalents                                       108,991      63,380

                                                                     272,346     296,186

     Current liabilities
     Trade and retention money payables                   21          84,377      93,288
     Accruals and other payables                                      10,523       9,455
     Contract liabilities                                 19              30       4,935
     Lease liabilities                                    22           1,230           –
     Obligations under finance leases                     23               –          30
     Current tax liabilities                                               –         537

                                                                      96,160     108,245

     Net current assets                                              176,186     187,941

     Total assets less current liabilities                           188,792     190,322

     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                    22            521            –

     NET ASSETS                                                      188,271     190,322

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                        25           8,000       8,000
     Reserves                                                        180,271     182,322

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                    188,271     190,322


     On behalf of the Board of Directors




                            Chan Kam Tong                        Chan Kam Ming
                               DIRECTOR                            DIRECTOR



82   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 March 2020




                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                Share        Share             Capital      Retained
                                                               capital    premium             reserve       earnings           Total
                                                              HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                             (note 25)    (note 25)          (note 25)      (note 25)

At 1 April 2018                                                     –*           –             15,500          67,963          83,463

Dividend (note 13)                                                  –            –                  –          (6,000)         (6,000)

Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                  –            –                  –          16,824          16,824

Capitalisation issue of shares                                  6,000       (6,000)                 –               –               –
Issue of shares under public offer and placing                  2,000      108,000                  –               –         110,000
Share issue expenses                                                –      (13,965)                 –               –         (13,965)


At 31 March 2019 and 1 April 2019                               8,000       88,035             15,500          78,787         190,322

Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                   –            –                  –          (2,051)         (2,051)


At 31 March 2020                                               8,000       88,035             15,500          76,736         188,271


*     The balance represents an amount less than HK$1,000.




                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   83
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2020




                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                 Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     (Loss)/profit before income tax expense                                (935)    22,383
     Adjustments for:
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment              10        511         360
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                        10       1,233           –
       Write-off of property, plant and equipment                 10           4        708
       Loss allowance of trade receivables, net                   10       2,849           –
       Loss allowance of contract assets, net                     10        151            –
       Bank interest income                                        8      (1,488)     (2,203)
       Finance costs                                               9        149         130


                                                                           2,474     21,378


     Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                             15,864     (13,803)
     Increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables             (12,336)    (14,753)
     Decrease/(Increase) in contract assets                               44,680     (33,643)
     Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank deposit                       12,030     (12,030)
     (Decrease)/increase in trade and retention money payables            (8,911)    10,743
     Increase in accruals and other payables                               1,068      5,307
     (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                          (4,905)       562


     Cash generated from/(used in) operations                             49,964     (36,239)
     Income tax paid                                                      (4,382)     (5,103)


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities               45,582     (41,342)


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Purchase of property, plant and equipment                              (242)     (2,040)
     Interest received                                                     1,488      2,203


     Net cash generated from investing activities                          1,246        163




84   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 March 2020




                                                                                      2020                     2019
                                                              Notes               HK$’000                  HK$’000


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                          (149)                   (140)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                              –                  5,000
Repayments of bank borrowings                                                              –                (13,526)
Repayment to director                                                                      –                 (3,852)
Repayment of finance lease payables                                                        –                     (52)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                                     (1,068)                        –
Dividend paid                                                  13                          –                 (3,602)
Proceeds from issue of shares upon public offer and placing   25(e)                        –               110,000
Payment of shares issue expenses                                                           –                (13,965)


Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                              (1,217)                  79,863


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           45,611                   38,684


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                  63,380                   24,696


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                      108,991                    63,380




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     1. GENERAL INFORMATION

           The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. The
           address of its registered office is located at P.O. Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street, Grand Cayman
           KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and its principal place of business is located at Offices F and G, Floor 23,
           Maxgrand Plaza, No. 3 Tai Yau Street, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.


           The shares of the Company are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange.


           The immediate and ultimate holding company is Shiny Golden, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
           Islands.


           The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
           note 26.


     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”)

           (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019
                 The Group has adopted the following new/revised HKFRSs, which are relevant to the preparation of
                 the Group’s consolidated financial statements, for the first time for the current year’s consolidated
                 financial statements.


                 HKFRS 16                                     Leases
                 HK(IFRIC)–Int 23                             Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
                 Amendments to HKFRS 3, HKAS 12               Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle
                      and HKAS 23

                 The impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16 “Leases” have been summarised in below. The other new
                 or amended HKFRSs that are effective from 1 April 2019 did not have any significant impact on the
                 Group’s consolidated financial statements.




86   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2020




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 – Lease
     (i)   Impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16
           HKFRS 16 brings significant changes in accounting treatment for lease accounting, primarily
           for accounting for lessees. It replaces HKAS 17 “Leases” (“HKAS 17”), HK(IFRIC)–Int 4
           “Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease”, HK(SIC)–Int 15 “Operating Leases-
           Incentives“ and HK(SIC)–Int 27 “Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the
           Legal Form of a Lease“. From a lessee’s perspective, almost all leases are recognised in the
           consolidated statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, with the
           narrow exception to this principle for leases which the underlying assets are of low-value or
           are determined as short-term leases. From a lessor’s perspective, the accounting treatment is
           substantially unchanged from HKAS 17. For details of HKFRS 16 regarding its new definition of a
           lease, its impact on the Group’s accounting policies and the transition method adopted by the
           Group as allowed under HKFRS 16, please refer to section (ii) to (iv) of this note.


           The Group has applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and recognised the
           right-of-use assets at the amount equal to the lease liabilities, adjusted by the amount of any
           prepayments or accrued lease payments relating to that lease recognised in the consolidated
           statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019. The comparative information presented
           in 2019 has not been restated and continues to be reported under HKAS 17 and related
           interpretations as allowed by the transition provision in HKFRS 16.


           So far as the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16 on leases previously classified as finance
           leases is concerned, the Group is not required to make any adjustments at the date of initial
           application of HKFRS 16, other than changing the captions for the balances. Accordingly,
           instead of “obligations under finance lease”, these amounts are included within “lease
           liabilities”, and the depreciated carrying amount of the corresponding leased asset is identified
           as a right-of-use asset. There is no impact on the opening balance of equity.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

           (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
                 HKFRS 16 – Lease (Continued)
                 (i)    Impact of the adoption of HKFRS 16 (Continued)
                        The following table summarises the impact of transition to HKFRS 16 on the consolidated
                        statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019 to that of 1 April 2019 as follows increase/
                        (decrease):


                        Consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 April 2019                        HK$’000


                        Right-of-use assets                                                                       2,874
                        Motor vehicle presented in property, plant and equipment                                    (85)
                        Lease liabilities (non-current)                                                           1,693
                        Lease liabilities (current)                                                               1,126
                        Obligations under finance leases                                                            (30)


                        The following reconciliation explains how the operating lease commitments disclosed applying
                        HKAS 17 as at 31 March 2019 could be reconciled to the lease liabilities at the date of initial
                        application recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 April 2019:


                        Reconciliation of operating lease commitments to lease liabilities                     HK$’000


                        Operating lease commitments as at 31 March 2019                                           3,321
                        Discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate as at the date of
                           initial application                                                                    3,058
                        Less: short-term leases for which lease terms end on
                           or before 31 March 2020                                                                 (269)
                        Add: obligations under finance leases as at 31 March 2019                                    30


                        Total lease liabilities as at 1 April 2019                                                2,819


                        The lessee’s weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognised
                        in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 April 2019 is 3.7%.




88   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2020




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 – Lease (Continued)
     (ii)    The new definition of a lease
             Under HKFRS 16, a lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right
             to use an asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for consideration. A
             contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time when
             the customer, throughout the period of use, has both: (a) the right to obtain substantially all of
             the economic benefits from use of the identified asset and (b) the right to direct the use of the
             identified asset.

             For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
             components, a lessee shall allocate the consideration in the contract to each lease component
             on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-
             alone price of the non-lease components, unless the lessee apply the practical expedient which
             allows the lessee to elect, by class of underlying asset, not to separate non-lease components
             from lease components, and instead account for each lease component and any associated non-
             lease components as a single lease component.

     (iii)   Accounting as a lessee
             Under HKAS 17, a lessee has to classify a lease as an operating lease or a finance lease based on
             the extent to which risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a lease asset lie with the lessor
             or the lessee. If a lease is determined as an operating lease, the lessee would recognise the
             lease payments under the operating lease as an expense over the lease term. The asset under
             the lease would not be recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position of the
             lessee.

             Under HKFRS 16, all leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are
             required to be capitalised in the consolidated statement of financial position as right-of-use
             assets and lease liabilities, but HKFRS 16 provides accounting policy choices for an entity to
             choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the
             underlying asset is of low-value. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets
             and lease liabilities for low-value assets and leases for which at the commencement date have
             a lease term less than 12 months. The lease payments associated with those leases have been
             expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.

             The Group recognised a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of a
             lease.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

           (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
                 HKFRS 16 – Lease (Continued)
                 (iii)   Accounting as a lessee (Continued)
                         Right-of-use asset
                         The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the
                         initial measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for
                         lease liability); (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease
                         incentives received; (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs
                         to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition
                         required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce
                         inventories. The Group measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost
                         model, the Group measures the right-of-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation
                         and any impairment loss, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability.


                         Lease liability
                         The lease liability should be recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not
                         paid at the date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments shall be discounted using
                         the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be
                         readily determined, the Group shall use the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


                         The following payments for the right-to-use the underlying asset during the lease term that
                         are not paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i)
                         fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable: (ii) variable lease payments that depend
                         on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii)
                         amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise
                         price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v)
                         payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising
                         an option to terminate the lease.


                         Subsequent to the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the lease liability by: (i)
                         increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying
                         amount to reflect the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect
                         any reassessment or lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from
                         change in an index or rate, a change in the lease term, a change in substance fixed lease
                         payments or a change in assessment to purchase the underlying asset.




90   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2020




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
     HKFRS 16 – Lease (Continued)
     (iv)   Transition
            As mentioned above, the Group has applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective
            approach and recognised the right-of-use asset at the amount equal to the lease liability,
            adjusted by the amount of any prepayments or accrued lease payments relating to that lease
            recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019. The
            comparative information presented in 2019 has not been restated and continues to be reported
            under HKAS 17 and related interpretations as allowed by the transition provision in HKFRS 16.


            The Group has recognised the lease liabilities at the date of 1 April 2019 for leases previously
            classified as operating leases applying HKAS 17 except short-term leases for which lease terms
            end on or before 31 March 2020 and measured those lease liabilities at the present value of the
            remaining lease payments, discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate at 1 April
            2019.


            The Group has also applied the following practical expedients: (i) applied a single discount
            rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics; (ii) relied on its assessment
            of whether leases are onerous applying HKAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and
            Contingent Assets” immediately before the date of initial application as an alternative to
            performing an impairment review; (iii) applied the exemption of not to recognise right-of-use
            assets and lease liabilities for leases with term that will end within 12 months from the date of
            initial application (1 April 2019) and accounted for those leases as short-term leases; (iv) exclude
            the initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at 1 April 2019 and (v)
            used hindsight in determining the lease terms if the contracts contain options to extend or
            terminate the leases.


            In addition, the Group has also applied the practical expedients such that: (i) HKFRS 16 is
            applied to all of the Group’s lease contracts that were previously identified as leases applying
            HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)–Int 4 and (ii) not to apply HKFRS 16 to contracts that were not previously
            identified as containing a lease under HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)–Int4.


            The Group has also leased majority of its motor vehicles which were previously classified as
            finance leases under HKAS 17. As the Group has elected to adopt the modified retrospective
            approach over the adoption of HKFRS 16, for those finance leases under HKAS 17, the right-of-
            use assets and the corresponding lease liabilities at 1 April 2019 were the carrying amount of the
            lease assets and lease liabilities under HKAS 17 immediately before that date. For those leases,
            the Group has accounted for the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities applying HKFRS 16
            from 1 April 2019.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

           (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
                 HK(IFRIC)-INT 23 Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
                 The Interpretation supports the requirements of HKAS 12, Income Taxes, by providing guidance over
                 how to reflect the effects of uncertainty in accounting for income taxes. Under the Interpretation, the
                 entity shall determine whether to consider each uncertain tax treatment separately or together based
                 on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The entity shall also assume
                 the tax authority will examine amounts that it has a right to examine and have full knowledge of all
                 related information when making those examinations. If the entity determines it is probable that
                 the tax authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, then the entity should measure current and
                 deferred tax in line with its tax filings. If the entity determines it is not probable, then the uncertainty
                 in the determination of tax is reflected using either the “most likely amount” or the “expected value”
                 approach, whichever better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty.


                 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle – Amendments to HKFRS 3,
                 Business Combinations
                 The amendments issued under the annual improvements process make small, non-urgent changes
                 to standards where they are currently unclear. They include amendments to HKFRS 3 which clarifies
                 that when a joint operator of a business obtains control over a joint operation, this is a business
                 combination achieved in stages and the previously held equity interest should therefore be
                 remeasured to its acquisition date fair value.


                 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle – Amendments to HKAS 12,
                 Income Taxes
                 The amendments issued under the annual improvements process make small, non-urgent changes
                 to standards where they are currently unclear. They include amendments to HKAS 12 which clarify
                 that all income tax consequences of dividends are recognised consistently with the transactions that
                 generated the distributable profits, either in profit or loss, other comprehensive income or directly in
                 equity.




92   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  31 March 2020




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

  (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs – effective 1 April 2019 (Continued)
     Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015-2017 Cycle – Amendments to HKAS 23,
     Borrowing Costs
     The amendments issued under the annual improvements process make small, non-urgent changes to
     standards where they are currently unclear. They include amendments to HKAS 23 which clarifies that
     a borrowing made specifically to obtain a qualifying asset which remains outstanding after the related
     qualifying asset is ready for its intended use or sale would become part of the funds an entity borrows
     generally and therefore included in the general pool.


  (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective
     The following new/revised HKFRSs, potentially relevant to the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements, have been issued, but are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the
     Group. The Group’s current intention is to apply these changes on the date they become effective.


     Amendments to HKFRS 3                          Definition of a business1
     Amendments to HKAS 1                           Definition of material1
         and HKAS 8
     Amendments to HKFRS 9,                         Interest rate benchmark reform1
         HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7
     Conceptual Framework for                       Revised conceptual framework for Financial reporting1
         Financial Reporting 2018

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020



     Amendments to HKFRS 3 – Definition of a business
     The amendments clarify that a business must include, as a minimum, an input and a substantive
     process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs, together with providing
     extensive guidance on what is meant by a “substantive process”. Additionally, the amendments
     remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of replacing any missing inputs
     or processes and continuing to produce outputs, whilst narrowing the definition of “outputs” and
     a “business” to focus on returns from selling goods and services to customers, rather than on cost
     reductions.


     An optional concentration test has also been added that permits a simplified assessment of whether
     an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business.




                                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (CONTINUED)

           (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective
               (Continued)
                 Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 – Definition of material
                 The amendments clarify the definition and explanation of “material”, aligning the definition across
                 all HKFRS Standards and the Conceptual Framework, and incorporating supporting requirements in
                 HKAS 1 into the definition.


                 Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7 – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                 The amendments modify some specific hedge accounting requirements to provide relief from
                 potential effects of the uncertainties caused by interest rate benchmark reform. In addition, the
                 amendments require companies to provide additional information to investors about their hedging
                 relationships which are directly affected by these uncertainties.


     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

           (a) Statement of compliance
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all HKFRSs, Hong
                 Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the
                 “HKFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the
                 consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the
                 Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.


           (b) Basic of measurement
                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis.


           (c) Functional and presentation currency
                 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), which is also
                 the functional currency of the Company, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousands, except
                 when otherwise indicated.




94   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
     subsidiaries (“the Group”). Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies
     together with unrealised profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial
     statements. Unrealised loss are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
     impairment on the asset transferred, in which case the loss is recognised in profit or loss.


     The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
     statement of comprehensive income from the dates of acquisition or up to the dates of disposal, as
     appropriate. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
     bring their accounting policies into line with those used by other members of the Group.


     Acquisition of subsidiaries or businesses is accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of
     an acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred,
     liabilities incurred and equity interests issued by the Group, as the acquirer. The identifiable assets
     acquired and liabilities assumed are principally measured at acquisition-date fair value. The Group’s
     previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured at acquisition-date fair value and the
     resulting gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss. The Group may elect, on a transaction-by-
     transaction basis, to measure the non-controlling interests that represent present ownership interests
     in the subsidiary either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net
     assets. All other non-controlling interests are measured at fair value unless another measurement
     basis is required by HKFRSs. Acquisition-related costs incurred are expensed unless they are incurred
     in issuing equity instruments in which case the costs are deducted from equity.


     Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at acquisition-date fair
     value. Subsequent adjustments to consideration are recognised against goodwill only to the extent
     that they arise from new information obtained within the measurement period (a maximum of 12
     months from the acquisition date) about the fair value at the acquisition date. All other subsequent
     adjustments to contingent consideration classified as an asset or a liability are recognised in profit or
     loss.




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (a) Business combination and basis of consolidation (Continued)
                 When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the
                 difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value
                 of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and
                 liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interest. Amounts previously recognised in other
                 comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for in the same manner as would be
                 required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of.


                 Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests that represent present
                 ownership interests in the subsidiary is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus such
                 non-controlling interest’s share of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive income is
                 attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those non-controlling interests having
                 a deficit balance.


           (b) Subsidiaries
                 A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls
                 an investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or
                 rights, to variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable
                 returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change
                 in any of these elements of control.


                 De-facto control exists in situations where the Company has the practical ability to direct the relevant
                 activities of the investee without holding the majority of the voting rights. In determining whether de-
                 facto control exists the Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances, including:


                 •      The size of the Company’s voting rights relative to both the size and dispersion of other parties
                        who hold voting rights;


                 •      Substantive potential voting rights held by the Company and other parties who hold voting
                        rights;


                 •      Other contractual arrangements; and


                 •      Historic patterns in voting attendance.


                 In the Company’s statement of financial position, investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                 any impairment loss. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                 dividends received and receivable.




96   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (c) Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
     impairment loss. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any
     directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended
     use.


     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
     appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
     to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
     part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss
     during the financial period in which they are incurred.


     Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost net of expected residual
     value under reducing balance method or straight-line method. The annual depreciation rate and
     depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
     The principal annual depreciation rates are as follows:


     Furniture and equipment                       10% on the reducing balance method
     Motor vehicles                                20% on the reducing balance method
     Leasehold improvement                         Straight-line basis over the lease terms

     An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than
     the asset’s estimated recoverable amount.


     Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as
     owned assets, or where shorter, the terms of the relevant leases.


     The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is the difference between
     the net sale proceeds and its carrying amount, and is recognised in profit or loss on disposal.




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 March 2020




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           (d) Leasing (accounting policies applied from 1 April 2019)
                 All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are required to be capitalised
                 in the consolidated statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, but
                 accounting policy choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-
                 term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The Group has elected
                 not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for low-value assets and leases for which at
                 the commencement date have a lease term less than 12 months. The lease payments associated with
                 those leases have been expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.


                 Right-of-use asset
                 The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
                 measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
                 (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
                 (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the
                 lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                 conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group measures
                 the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures the right-
                 of-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss, and adjusted for
                 any remeasurement of lease liability.


                 Lease liability
                 The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                 date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
                 implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
                 the Group uses the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.


                 The following payments for the right-to-use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not
                 paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed payments
                 less any lease incentives receivable: (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate,
                 initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected to be
                 payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if
                 the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for terminating
                 the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.




98   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (d) Leasing (accounting policies applied from 1 April 2019) (Continued)
      Lease liability (Continued)
      Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
      carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
      the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or
      lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate,
      a change in the lease term, a change in substance fixed lease payments or a change in assessment to
      purchase the underlying asset.


      Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the
      risks and rewards of ownership to lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.


  (e) Leasing (accounting policies applied until 31 March 2019)
     The Group as lessee
      Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised as assets at their fair value or, if lower, the
      present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding lease commitment is shown as a
      liability. Lease payments are analysed between capital and interest. The interest element is charged to
      profit or loss over the period of the lease and is calculated so that it represents a constant proportion
      of the lease liability. The capital element reduces the balance owed to the lessor.


      The total rentals payable under the operating leases are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line
      basis over the lease term. Lease incentives received are recognised as an integrated part of the total
      rental expense, over the term of the lease.


  (f) Financial instruments
     (i)   Financial assets
           A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is
           initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”),
           transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable
           without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


           All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that
           is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or
           sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period
           generally established by regulation or convention in the market place.


           Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirely when determining
           whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
                  (i)    Financial assets (Continued)
                         Debt instruments
                         Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                         managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                         categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                         Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                         flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                         Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate
                         method. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and loss and impairment are recognised in
                         profit or loss. Any gain on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.


                  (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets
                         The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on trade receivables,
                         contract assets and other financial assets measured at amortised cost. The ECLs are measured
                         on either of the following bases: (1) 12 months ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from possible
                         default events within 12 months after the reporting date: and (2) lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs
                         that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. The
                         maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                         which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                         ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit loss. Credit loss are measured as the
                         difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
                         the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then
                         discounted at an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


                         The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets that do not
                         contain a significant financing component using HKFRS 9 simplified approach and calculates
                         ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on
                         the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
                         debtors and the economic environment.


                         For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-months ECLs. However, when
                         there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based
                         on the lifetime ECLs.




100   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
      (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets (Continued)
             When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since
             initial recognition and when estimating ECL, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
             information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
             quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
             informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


             The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more
             than 30 days past due.


             The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to
             pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as
             realising security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.


             Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost
             (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired
             financial assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.


     (iii) Financial liabilities
             The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities
             were incurred.


             Financial liabilities at amortised cost
             Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade and retention money payables, accruals
             and other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
             effective interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


             Gains or loss are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
             through the amortisation process.


     (iv) Effective interest method
             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset
             or financial liability and of allocating interest income or interest expense over the relevant
             period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
             receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or where
             appropriate, a shorter period.




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (f) Financial instruments (Continued)
                  (v)   Equity instruments
                         Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct
                         issue costs.


                  (vi) Derecognition
                         The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows
                         in relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the
                         transfer meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


                         Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
                         discharged, cancelled or expires.


                         Where the Group issues its own equity instruments to a creditor to settle a financial liability in
                         whole or in part as a result of renegotiating the terms of that liability, the equity instruments
                         issued are the consideration paid and are recognised initially and measured at their fair value
                         on the date the financial liability or part thereof is extinguished. If the fair value of the equity
                         instruments issued cannot be reliably measured, the equity instruments are measured to reflect
                         the fair value of the financial liability extinguished. The difference between the carrying amount
                         of the financial liability or part thereof extinguished and the consideration paid is recognised in
                         profit or loss for the year.


            (g) Cash and cash equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents comprises cash at bank and on hand. Cash equivalents are short-term,
                  highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash which are subject to
                  an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial
                  position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including assets similar in
                  nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.


            (h) Revenue recognition
                  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
                  to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be
                  entitled in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of
                  third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any
                  trade discounts.




102   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
     Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods
     or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is
     transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


     •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


     •    creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


     •    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
          right to payment for performance completed to date.


     If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
     contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods
     or service.


     When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit
     of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is
     measured at the present value of the amounts receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
     would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at
     contract inception. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant
     financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense
     accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period
     between the payment and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
     transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
     practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


     Provision of contract services
     The Group provides construction of superstructure building and RMAA works services to customer.
     Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or
     enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced and the payment
     is generally due within 30 days from the date of invoice. Revenue is recognised from a construction
     contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of performance obligation at the
     end of the reporting period, measured using the input method based on the proportion of the actual
     costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
                  Other income
                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
                  discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial asset or a shorter
                  period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


                  Contract assets and contract liabilities
                  A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group
                  has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the
                  Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment
                  of that consideration is due.


                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
                  Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


                  Contract asset is recognised when (i) the Group completes the infrastructure construction works under
                  such services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed
                  by customers, or (ii) the customers retain retention money to secure the due performance of the
                  contracts. Any amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at
                  the point at which it is invoiced to the customer. If the considerations (including advances received
                  from customers) exceeds the revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group
                  recognises a contract liability for the difference.


                  For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is
                  presented. For multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not
                  presented on a net basis.




104   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (h) Revenue recognition (Continued)
     Contract cost
     The Group recognises an asset from the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or
     the costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
     plant and equipment or intangible assets.


     Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract
     with a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental
     costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs relate to revenue which will be
     recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be recovered. Other costs of
     obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


     Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to an
     anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify; generate or enhance resources of the
     entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future;
     and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
     identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
     costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because
     the Group entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as
     inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


     The asset recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
     consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the cost relate. The
     asset is subject to impairment review. Impairment loss are recognised to the extent that the carrying
     amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of consideration that the
     Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any
     costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not yet been recognised as
     expenses.




                                                                   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (i)   Income taxes
                  Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


                  Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-
                  assessable or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been
                  enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
                  assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax
                  purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
                  assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against
                  which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
                  appropriate to the expected manner in which the carrying amount of the asset or liability is realised or
                  settled and that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
                  subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities, except where the Group is able to control the
                  reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
                  the foreseeable future.


                  Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
                  comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income
                  or when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised
                  directly in equity.


            (j)   Foreign currency transactions
                  Transactions entered into by the Group in currencies other than the currency of the primary economic
                  environment in which it operates (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling when
                  the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
                  ruling at the end of reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
                  in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
                  determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
                  are not retranslated.




106   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (j)   Foreign currency transactions (Continued)
        Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
        items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising
        on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for
        the period except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of
        which gains and loss are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange
        differences are also recognised in other comprehensive income.


  (k) Employee benefits
        (i)    Short-term employee benefits
               Short-term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
               expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period
               in which the employees render the related service. Short-term employee benefits are recognised
               in the year when the employees render the related service.


        (ii)   Defined contribution retirement plan
               Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are recognised as an expense in profit or
               loss when the services are rendered by the employees.


        (iii) Termination benefits
               Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw
               the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the
               payment of termination benefits.


  (l)   Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)
        At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that items of
        property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and investments in a subsidiary have suffered an
        impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased.


        If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use) of
        an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced
        to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            (l)   Impairment of assets (other than financial assets) (Continued)
                  Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to
                  the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount
                  does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss
                  been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income
                  immediately.


                  Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset,
                  discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                  assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.


            (m) Provision and contingent liabilities
                  Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
                  constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which it is probable will result in an outflow
                  of economic benefits that can be reliably estimated.


                  Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot
                  be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of
                  outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as
                  contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


            (n) Related parties
                  (a)    A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


                         (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                         (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                         (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.




108   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2020




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  (n) Related parties (Continued)
     (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


           (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                   subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


           (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint
                   venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


           (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


           (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                   entity.


           (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the
                   Group or an entity related to the Group.


           (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


           (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                   management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


           (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                   personnel services to the Group or to the Company’s parent.


           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
           influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:


           (i)     that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;


           (ii)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and


           (iii)   dependents of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
         ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

            The preparation of the financial statement of the Group requires management to make judgements,
            estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities,
            and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the end of each reporting period. However, uncertainty
            about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the
            carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods.


            The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
            each reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
            of assets within the next financial year, are described below.


            (a) Expected credit loss on trade for receivables and contract assets
                  The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The
                  provision rates are based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The provision matrix is
                  initially based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss
                  patterns. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with
                  forward-looking information. If forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the
                  next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in a particular sector, the historical
                  default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
                  and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed. The assessment of the correlation among
                  historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate.


                  The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions.
                  The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be
                  representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
                  Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in note 30(a) to the consolidated financial
                  statements.


            (b) Measurement of value of construction works
                  The Group uses input method to measure the progress toward satisfaction of the performance
                  obligations, and specifically, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative to the
                  estimated total costs. Actual construction costs incurred include direct and indirect costs in the
                  process of transferring goods from the Group to customers. The Group believes that contract price is
                  based on construction costs. Therefore, the proportion of actual construction costs incurred relative
                  to the total expected costs can reflect the progress toward satisfaction of construction service. Since
                  the duration of construction is relatively long that it may cover more than one accounting period,
                  the Group will review contract, revise budget and adjust revenue accordingly as the contract carries
                  forward.




110   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   31 March 2020




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION

  Operating segments
  During the reporting period, the Group was principally engaged in the provision of superstructure building
  and RMAA works service in Hong Kong. Information reported to the Group’s chief operating decision
  maker, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, focuses on the operating
  results of the Group as a whole, as the Group’s resources are integrated and no discrete operating segment
  financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.


  Geographical information
  During the reporting period, the Group’s revenue was derived from Hong Kong, based on the location of
  the customers, and all of its non-current assets were located in Hong Kong, based on the location of assets.
  Therefore, no geographical information is presented.


  Information about major customers
  Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during the
  reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                   2020                   2019
                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000


  Customer A                                                                                     77,531               130,539
  Customer B                                                                                       N/A*               120,768
  Customer C                                                                                       N/A*                 76,752
  Customer D                                                                                   112,635                   N/A*
  Customer E                                                                                     79,633                  N/A*



  *    Revenue from relevant customer was less than 10% of the Group’s total revenue for the reporting period.




                                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      7. REVENUE

            An analysis of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers recognised during the reporting period is
            as follows:


                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                      HK$’000              HK$’000


            Hong Kong
            Superstructure building works                                             260,453               285,523
            RMAA works                                                                  22,695              140,250


                                                                                      283,148               425,773


            Timing of revenue recognition
            Over time                                                                 283,148               425,773




            The Group’s revenue represents amount received and receivable from construction contract work
            performed and is recognised over time in accordance with accounting policy set out in note 4(h) above for
            the year ended 31 March 2020 and 2019.




112   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2020




7. REVENUE (CONTINUED)

  The following table provides information about trade receivables, contract assets and contract liabilities
  from contracts with customers:


                                                                                    2020                     2019
                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


  Trade receivables (note 17)                                                     44,584                   63,297
  Contract assets (note 19 (a))                                                   75,247                 120,078
  Contract liabilities (note 19 (b))                                                   30                   4,935




  The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed
  at the reporting date on revenue related to the provisions of superstructure building and RMAA works
  service. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. This
  usually occurs when the Group provides the invoice to the customers.


  The contract liabilities mainly relate to the advance consideration received from customers. Approximately
  HK$4,935,000 of the contract liabilities as at 31 March 2019 has been recognised as revenue for the year
  ended 31 March 2020 (2019: approximately HK$4,373,000) from performance obligations satisfied in
  previous year due to the changes in the estimate stage of completion of some construction works (note
  19(b)).


  As at 31 March 2020, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining
  performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts is approximately HK$105,458,000 (2019:
  approximately HK$228,167,000). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future
  from partially-completed long-term construction contracts. The Group will recognise the expected revenue
  in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur in the next one to two years.


  The Group has applied the practical expedient to its contracts for construction services and therefore the
  above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it
  satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for construction production that had an
  original expected duration of one year or less.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      8. OTHER INCOME

            An analysis of the Group’s other income recognised during the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                           2020                      2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000                   HK$’000


            Recovery of bad debts                                                                               –                   2,327
            Bank interest income                                                                          1,488                     2,203
            Sundry income                                                                                    267                         –


                                                                                                          1,755                     4,530




      9. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                           2020                      2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000                   HK$’000


            Interest on bank borrowings                                                                         –                     122
            Finance lease interest                                                                              –                        8
            Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note)                                                    149                         –


                                                                                                             149                      130



            Note: The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 as at 1 April 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. Under this approach,
                  comparative information is not restated.




114   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             31 March 2020




10. (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE

  (Loss)/profit before income tax expense is arrived at after charging:


                                                                                                       2020                        2019
                                                                                                    HK$’000                     HK$’000

  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                   500                        480

  Listing expenses                                                                                            –                     9,416

  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
    – Owned                                                                                                511                        338
    – Held under finance leases                                                                              –                         22
     – Right-of-use assets (note)                                                                       1,233                             –


                                                                                                        1,744                         360


  Employee benefit expenses (including directors’
    remuneration (note 12))
     – Wages and salaries                                                                             28,462                       23,111
     – Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                              921                        757
     – Others                                                                                              158                        124



                                                                                                      29,541                       23,992


  Machinery rental expense                                                                              4,664                       6,696
  Minimum lease payments under operating leases
     – Buildings (under HKAS17) (note)                                                                        –                     1,080
     – Short-term lease expenses (under HKFRS 16)                                                          299                            –
  Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables, net                                                 2,849                             –
  Provision of loss allowance of contract assets, net                                                      151                            –
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                                                  4                       708


  Note: The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach. After initial recognition of right-of-use assets
        at 1 April 2019, the Group as a lease is required to recognise the depreciation of right-of-use assets, instead of the previous policy
        of recognising rental expenses. Under this approach, the comparative information is not restated.




                                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020          115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

            The Group is subject to income tax on profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong, being its principal
            place of business. The income tax expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
            during the reporting period represents:


                                                                                              2020                   2019
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


            Current income tax – Hong Kong profits tax
               Charge for the year                                                            1,430                 5,559
               Over provision in prior years                                                   (314)                    –


                                                                                              1,116                 5,559




            On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
            2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
            March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
            HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million
            will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime
            will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.


            The income tax expense for the reporting period can be reconciled to the (loss)/profit before income tax
            expense per the consolidated statements of comprehensive (expense)/income as follows:


                                                                                              2020                   2019
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


            (Loss)/profit before income tax expense                                            (935)               22,383


            Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 16.5%                                      (154)                3,693
            Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                             2,015                 2,322
            Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                   (246)                 (348)
            Tax relief enacted by the tax authority                                             (20)                  (20)
            Income tax at concessionary rate                                                   (165)                 (165)
            Over provision in prior years                                                      (314)                    –
            Others                                                                                 –                   77


                                                                                              1,116                 5,559




116   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               31 March 2020




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

  (a) Directors’ remuneration
     Directors’ remuneration for the reporting period, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:


     Year ended 31 March 2020


                                                                          Contributions
                                                                             to defined
                                                            Salaries       contribution
                                              Fees      and benefits   retirement plans               Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Chan Kam Tong                            –             898                  18                 916
     Mr. Chan Kam Ming                            –             898                  18                 916


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                 180               –                   –                 180
     Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                      180               –                   –                 180
     Mr. Wan Simon                              180               –                   –                 180


                                                540            1,796                 36               2,372




                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
          (CONTINUED)

            (a) Directors’ remuneration (Continued)
                  Year ended 31 March 2019


                                                                                                          Contributions
                                                                                                             to defined
                                                                                           Salaries        contribution
                                                                         Fees         and benefits     retirement plans               Total
                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


                  Executive Directors
                  Mr. Chan Kam Tong                                         –                  650                  18                  668
                  Mr. Chan Kam Ming                                         –                  650                  18                  668


                  Independent Non-Executive
                        Directors (note i)
                  Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent                              110                    –                   –                  110
                  Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark                                   110                    –                   –                  110
                  Mr. Wan Simon                                           110                    –                   –                  110


                                                                          330                1,300                  36                1,666



                  (i)       Mr. Hau Wing Shing Vincent, Mr. Szeto Cheong Mark and Mr. Wan Simon were appointed as an independent non-executive
                            director on 24 July 2018.




118   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 March 2020




12. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (CONTINUED)

  (b) Five highest paid employees
     The five highest paid employees whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended
     31 March 2020 included one director (2019: None) and his emoluments is reflected in note 12(a). The
     emoluments of the remaining four (2019: five) highest paid employees for the year ended 31 March
     2020 are as follows:


                                                                                 2020                     2019
                                                                             HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Salaries and benefits                                                      4,164                    4,755
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                         48                       72


                                                                                4,212                    4,827




     The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the bands is as
     follows:


                                                                                 2020                     2019
                                                                               No. of                   No. of
                                                                           employee                 employee


     Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                              –                       4
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                     4                       1


                                                                                      4                       5




     During the year ended 31 March 2020, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors or any
     of the five highest paid employees of the Group as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group,
     or as compensation for loss of office (2019: HK$ Nil). None of the directors, nor the five highest paid
     employees has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2019: None).




                                                                 Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      13. DIVIDEND

            On 30 May 2018, a dividend of HK$6,000,000 for the year ended 31 March 2018 was declared by the
            Company, of which an amount of approximately HK$2,398,000 was settled by offsetting with amount due
            from a director and the rest was paid in cash. There is no income tax consequences related to the payment
            of dividend by the Company to the then shareholders.


            On 19 June 2020, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1.0 cent per share for the
            year ended 31 March 2020 (2019: Nil).


      14. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

            The calculation of the basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is
            based on the following data:


                                                                                      Year ended 31 March

                                                                                           2020                 2019


            (Loss)/earnings
            (Loss)/earnings for the purposes of basic (loss)/earnings
               per share (HK’000)                                                        (2,051)              16,824


            Number of share
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
               purposes of basic (loss)/earnings per share                         800,000,000           721,643,836




            For the year ended 31 March 2020, the calculation of basic loss per share is based on the loss attributable
            to owners of the Company of approximately HK$2,051,000 and the weighted average number of
            800,000,000 ordinary shares.


            For the year ended 31 March 2019, the calculation of the basic earnings per share is based on the profit
            attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$16,824,000 and the weighted average number
            of 721,643,836 ordinary shares.


            Diluted (loss)/earnings per share are same as the basic (loss)/earnings per share as there is no dilutive
            potential ordinary shares in existence during the years ended 31 March 2020 and 2019.




120   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 March 2020




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                             Furniture        Leasehold             Motor
                                        and equipment      improvement             vehicles               Total
                                              HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


  Cost
  At 1 April 2018                                1,480                –                 260               1,740
  Additions                                        679            1,122                 239               2,040
  Write-off                                     (1,290)               –                   –              (1,290)


  At 31 March 2019                                 869            1,122                 499               2,490
  Impact on initial application of
     HKFRS 16 (note 2(a)(i))                         –                 –               (260)               (260)


  At 1 April 2019                                  869            1,122                 239               2,230
  Additions                                         15                –                 227                 242
  Write-off                                         (4)               –                   –                  (4)
  Transfer from right-of-use assets                  –                –                 260                 260


  At 31 March 2020                                 880            1,122                 726               2,728


  Accumulated depreciation
  At 1 April 2018                                  540                –                 153                 693
  Provided for the year                            124              187                  49                 360
  Eliminated on write-off                         (582)               –                   –                (582)


  At 31 March 2019                                  82              187                 202                 471
  Impact on initial application of
    HKFRS 16 (note 2(a)(i))                          –                 –               (175)               (175)


  At 1 April 2019                                   82              187                  27                 296
  Provided for the year                             79              374                  58                 511
  Transfer from right-of-use assets                  –                –                 260                 260


  At 31 March 2020                                 161              561                 345               1,067


  Net book value

  At 31 March 2020                                 719              561                 381               1,661


  At 31 March 2019                                 787              935                 297                2,019



  The carrying amount of the Group’s motor vehicle include an amount of approximately HK$85,000 for the
  year ended 31 March 2019 in respect of asset acquired under finance leases (note 23).




                                                                  Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                        Other properties
                                                                     leased for own use
                                                                           carried at cost             Motor vehicle                         Total
                                                                                   HK$’000                    HK$’000                    HK$’000
                                                                                   (Note a)                   (Note b)


            Cost
            At 1 April 2019                                                            2,789                        260                      3,049
            Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                      –                      (260)                      (260)


            At 31 March 2020                                                           2,789                           –                     2,789


            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 April 2019                                                                 –                       175                        175
            Depreciation charge for the year                                           1,148                         85                      1,233
            Transfer to property, plant and equipment                                       –                      (260)                      (260)


            At 31 March 2020                                                          1,148                           –                     1,148


            Net carrying amounts


            At 31 March 2020                                                          1,641                           –                     1,641


            At 1 April 2019 (note 2(a)(i))                                            2,789                          85                     2,874


            Note (a):    The Group has held the right-of-use of property as its office premise through tenancy agreement. The lease typically run an
                         initial period of 3 years. The lease does not include any option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of
                         contract term.

            Note (b):    In respect of lease arrangement for renting motor vehicles, the Group has options to purchase motor vehicles for a nominal
                         amount at the end of the lease term. The Group’s obligations are secured by the lessors’ title to the leased assets for such
                         lease.




122   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2020




17. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     2020                     2019
                                                                                 HK$’000                  HK$’000


   Trade receivable                                                                47,433                   63,297
  Less: loss allowance                                                             (2,849)                        –


                                                                                   44,584                   63,297




   Trade receivables were mainly derived from provision of building and civil engineering construction works,
   and are non-interest bearing. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over
   these balances.


   The Group grants an average credit period of 30 days to its trade customers of contract works. Application
   for progress payments of contract works is made on a regular basis. Further details of the movement of
   impairment losses and the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in
   note 30(a).


   The following is an analysis of trade receivables (net of loss allowance) by age, presented based on the
   invoice dates:


                                                                                     2020                     2019
                                                                                 HK$’000                  HK$’000


   Less than one month                                                             20,693                   25,722
   More than one month but less than three months                                   1,975                   10,162
   More than three months but less than one year                                    8,823                   27,413
   More than one year but less than two years                                      13,093                         –


                                                                                   44,584                   63,297




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      18. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


            Non-current
            Deposits                                                                        9,304             362


            Current
            Deposits                                                                      36,550           29,529
            Prepayments                                                                     3,122            5,118
            Other receivables                                                               1,123            2,754


                                                                                          40,795           37,401




            Included in the Group’s deposits as at 31 March 2020 were non-current deposits of HK$8,942,000 and
            current deposits of HK$35,677,000 (2019: HK$ Nil and HK$28,630,000), placed with an insurance company as
            security for issuance of non-interest bearing surety bonds for construction contracts.


            The balances of other receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The Group’s
            other receivables were neither past due nor impaired as at 31 March 2020 and 2019.


      19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

            (a) Contract assets


                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


                  Contract assets arising from:
                  Construction services                                                   75,398          120,078
                  Less: loss allowance                                                       (151)               –


                                                                                          75,247          120,078




124   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 March 2020




19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

  (a) Contract assets (Continued)
     Construction services
     The Group’s construction contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the
     construction period once milestones are reached. These payment schedules prevent the build-up of
     significant contract assets. Additionally, the Group typically agrees one to three years retention period
     for 5% of the contract sum, which is kept in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the
     Group’s entitlement to it is conditional on the Group’s work satisfactorily passing inspection.


     Movements in gross amount of contract assets


                                                                                   2020                     2019
                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Balance at 1 April                                                         120,078                    86,435
     Decrease in contract assets as a result of transferring from
        contract assets to receivables (note 7)                                (120,078)                  (86,435)
     Increase in contract assets as a result of changing in
        measure of progress (note 7)                                              75,398                 120,078


     Balance at 31 March                                                          75,398                 120,078




     The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 March 2020 and 2019 is as
     follows:


                                                                                   2020                     2019
                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Within one year                                                              75,247                 120,078




     An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure ECLs.
     The provision rates for the measurement of the ECLs of the contract assets are with reference to those
     of the trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer
     bases. The provision rates of contract assets are with reference to days past due of trade receivables
     appropriately grouped by similar loss pattern. The calculation reflects the probability weighted
     outcome, the time value of money, and reasonable and supportable information that is available at
     the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecast of future economic conditions.
     Further details of the Group’s credit risk policy and credit risk arising from contract assets are set out
     in note 30(a). The directors considered that the impairment under ECLs model for contract assets as at
     31 March 2019 is immaterial.




                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      19. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

            (b) Contract liabilities
                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


                  Contract liabilities arising from:
                  Construction services                                                   30               4,935




                  Construction services
                  Where discrepancies arise between the milestone payments and the Group’s assessment of the stage
                  of completion, contract liabilities can arise.


                  Movements in contract liabilities


                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


                  Balance at 1 April                                                  4,935                4,373
                  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
                      revenue during the year that was included in the
                      contract liabilities at the beginning of the year (note 7)      (4,935)             (4,373)
                  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in
                      advance of construction service (note 7)                            30               4,935


                  Balance at 31 March                                                     30               4,935




      20. RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSIT

                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


            Restricted bank deposit                                                        –              12,030




            As at 31 March 2019, a bank deposit approximately of HK$12,030,000 was pledged to bank for performance
            bonds.




126   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          31 March 2020




21. TRADE AND RETENTION MONEY PAYABLES

                                                                                                      2020                        2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000                      HK$’000


   Trade payables (note i)                                                                          60,520                      63,645
   Retention money payables (note ii)                                                               23,857                      29,643


                                                                                                    84,377                      93,288



   Note i:    An ageing analysis of trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice dates, is as follows:


                                                                                                      2020                        2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000                      HK$’000


   Less than one month                                                                              34,197                      41,764
   More than one month but less than three months                                                   16,867                      11,552
   More than three months but less than one year                                                     3,060                        9,774
   More than one year but less than two years                                                        6,396                             555


                                                                                                    60,520                      63,645



   Note ii:   Retention monies from sub-contractors of contract works are released by the Group after the completion of maintenance
              period of the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts.



22. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                             Other properties
                                                           leased for own use
                                                                carried at cost             Motor vehicle                         Total
                                                                       HK$’000                    HK$’000                    HK$’000


   Carrying amount at 1 April 2019                                         2,789                          30                     2,819
   Interest expense                                                           144                           5                          149
   Lease payments                                                         (1,182)                        (35)                   (1,217)


   Carrying amount at 31 March 2020                                        1,751                            –                    1,751




                                                                                    Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020        127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      22. LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

            The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of
            the current year and at the date of transition to HKFRS 16:


                                                                  Minimum
                                                                      lease
                                                                  payments               Interest       Present value
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


            As at 31 March 2020
            Not later than one year                                   1,260                    30               1,230
            Later than one year and not later
              than two years                                              525                   4                 521


                                                                      1,785                    34               1,751


            As at 1 April 2019
            Not later than one year                                   1,295                  169                1,126
            Later than one year and not later
              than two years                                          1,260                    83               1,177
            Later than two year and not later
              than five years                                             525                   9                 516


                                                                      3,080                  261                2,819



            The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and adjusted the
            opening balances at 1 April 2019 to recognise lease liabilities relating to leases which were previously
            classified as operating leases under HKAS 17. These liabilities have been aggregated with the brought
            forward balances relating to leases previously classified as finance leases. Comparative information as at
            31 March 2019 has not been restated and relates solely to leases previously classified as finance leases.
            Further details on the impact of the transition are set out in note 2(a)(i).

            The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                 31 March 2020            1 April 2019
                                                                                      HK$’000                HK$’000


            Current liabilities                                                            1,230                 1,126
            Non-current liabilities                                                          521                 1,693


                                                                                           1,751                 2,819




128   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 March 2020




23. OBLIGATIONS UNDER FINANCE LEASES

  The Group leased one motor vehicle as at 31 March 2019. The lease of that motor vehicle was classified as
  a finance lease as the rental period amounted to the estimated useful economic life of the asset concerned
  and the Group has the right to purchase the asset outright at the end of the minimum lease term by paying
  a nominal amount.


  Future lease payments are due as follows:

                                                                                                               2019
                                                                                                            HK$’000


  Total minimum lease payments:
  – due within one year                                                                                           35
  – due in the second year                                                                                         –


                                                                                                                  35
  Future finance charges on finance lease                                                                          (5)


  Present value of finance lease liabilities                                                                      30


  Total minimum lease payments:
  – due within one year                                                                                           30
  – due in the second year                                                                                          –


                                                                                                                  30
  Less: portion classified as current liabilities                                                                 (30)


  Non-current portion                                                                                               –



  The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach to recognise
  lease liabilities relating to leases which were previously classified as finance leases at the date of initial
  application. Further details on the impact of the transition are set out in note 2(a)(i).




                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      24. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                    2020       2019
                                                          Notes   HK$’000   HK$’000


            Non-current assets
            Investment in a subsidiary                             60,139    60,139


            Current assets
            Amount due from a subsidiary                           65,411    55,158
            Prepayments and other receivables                        256        300
            Cash and cash equivalents                              32,036    44,609


                                                                   97,703   100,067


            Current liabilities
            Accruals                                                 505        501
            Amount due to a subsidiary                              5,582     5,582


                                                                    6,087     6,083


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                     91,616    93,984


            NET ASSETS                                            151,755   154,123


            Capital and reserves
            Share capital                                  25       8,000     8,000
            Reserves                                       25     143,755   146,123


            TOTAL EQUITY                                          151,755   154,123




130   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              31 March 2020




25. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

                                                                                                 Number of                       Amount
                                                                                                        shares                  HK$’000


  Authorised:
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
      Upon incorporation (note (a))                                                               10,000,000                           100
      Increase in authorised share capital (note (b))                                          1,490,000,000                       14,900


  As at 31 March 2019, 1 April 2019 and 31 March 2020                                          1,500,000,000                       15,000


  Issued and fully paid:
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
      Upon incorporation (note (a))                                                                            1                          –*
      Allotment of shares (note (c))                                                                    29,999                            –*
      Capitalisation issue of shares (note (d))                                                  599,970,000                         6,000
      Issue of shares under share offer (note (e))                                               200,000,000                         2,000


      As at 31 March 2019, 1 April 2019 and 31 March 2020                                        800,000,000                         8,000


  *       The balance represents an amount less than HK$1,000.



  Share capital

  Note (a):     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 11 May 2017 with an authorised share
                capital of HK$100,000 divided into 10,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of HK$0.01 each. On the same day, one nil-
                paid subscriber share was allotted and issued to Reid Services Limited, the initial subscriber of our Company, which was
                subsequently transferred to Shiny Golden on the same date.

  Note (b):     On 25 July 2018, the authorised share capital of the Company was increased from HK$100,000 divided into 10,000,000
                ordinary shares to HK$15,000,000 divided into 1,500,000,000 ordinary shares of par value of HK$0.01 each by the creation of
                an additional 1,490,000,000 ordinary shares.

  Note (c):     On 28 November 2017, Mr. KT Chan, Mr. KM Chan, UG China Venture II Limited (“UG”) and Vibrant Sound Limited
                (“Vibrant Sound”), as vendors, and the Company, as purchaser entered into a sale and purchase agreement, pursuant to
                which the Company acquired 135 ordinary shares, 135 ordinary shares, 20 ordinary shares and 10 ordinary shares of par
                value US$1.00 each of Century Success Limited, representing all of its issued shares in aggregate, from Mr. KT Chan, Mr.
                KM Chan, UG and Vibrant Sound, respectively, which was satisfied by the Company allotting and issuing 26,999 ordinary
                shares, 2,000 ordinary shares and 1,000 ordinary shares, credited as fully-paid, to Shiny Golden (at the instructions of Mr. KT
                Chan and Mr. KM Chan), UG and Vibrant Sound, respectively, and crediting as fully paid the one nil-paid share held by Shiny
                Golden.

  Note (d):     Pursuant to the written resolutions passed on 25 July 2018, the directors were authorised to capitalise an amount of
                HK$5,999,700 from the share premium account of the Company by applying such sum towards the paying up in full at par a
                total of 599,970,000 ordinary shares for the allotment of shares to Shiny Golden.

  Note (e) :    Under a share offer took place during the period, 200,000,000 new ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each were issued at a price of
                HK$0.55 per share for a total consideration (before share issue expenses) of HK$110,000,000.




                                                                                       Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020          131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      25. SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

            Reserves
            Details of movements of the Group’s reserves are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
            equity on page 83.


            (i)    Share premium
                   Share premium is the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the shares of the
                   Company issued at a premium, less the amount of expenses incurred in connection with the issue of
                   the shares.


            (ii)   Capital reserve
                   Capital reserve represents the aggregate of the share capital of Head Fame and investment from pre-
                   IPO investors.


            (iii) Retained earnings
                   Retained earnings represent the cumulative profit or loss recognised.


                   Details of movements of the Company’s reserves are set out below.


                                                                           Share    Contributed   Accumulated
                                                                        premium         surplus        losses       Total
                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


                   At 1 April 2018                                             –         60,139            (17)    60,122

                   Dividend (note 13)                                          –              –         (6,000)    (6,000)
                   Profit and total comprehensive income for the year          –              –          3,966      3,966
                   Capitalisation issue of shares                         (6,000)             –              –     (6,000)
                   Issue of shares under public offer and placing        108,000              –              –    108,000
                   Share issue expenses                                  (13,965)             –              –    (13,965)


                   At 31 March 2019 and 1 April 2019                      88,035         60,139         (2,051)   146,123
                   Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year           –              –         (2,368)    (2,368)


                   At 31 March 2020                                      88,035         60,139         (4,419)    143,755




132   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                      31 March 2020




26. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   As at the date of this report, the Company had direct or indirect interests in the subsidiaries as set out
   below.

                               Place and date of                Percentage of equity
                               incorporation and form of         attributable to the       Issued and fully paid     Principal activities and
   Name of entity              business structure                    Company               ordinary share capital    principal place of business
                                                                  Direct      Indirect


   Century Success Limited     BVI, 11 January, 2017, limited      100%                –   US$300 divided into 300   Investment holding, Hong Kong
                                 liability company                                          shares of US$1 each


   Head Fame Company Limited   Hong Kong, 23 August 1985,              –        100%       HK$500,000 divided into   Provision of superstructure
                                 limited liability company                                  500,000 shares             building and RMAA works
                                                                                                                       service as a main contractor,
                                                                                                                       Hong Kong



27. OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS

   Operating leases – lessee
   The Group is the lessee in respect of office premises which was previously classified as operating leases
   under HKAS 17. From 1 April 2019 onwards, future lease payments are recognised as lease liabilities
   in the consolidated statement of financial position except for short-term leases and low-value assets,
   in accordance with the policies set out in note 4(d), and the details regarding the Group’s future lease
   payments are disclosed in note 22.


   The commitments for minimum leases payments in relation to the leases that account for short-term or
   leases of low-value assets are shown below:


   The Group leased office premises which run for periods of nine months and simplified accounting is
   applied to short-term leases. The total future minimum lease payments payable by the Group under non-
   cancellable short-term leases are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                                                                         HK$’000


   Within one year                                                                                                                                 70




                                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020         133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      27. OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Operating leases – lessee (Continued)
            The Group leased office premise and storage rooms under operating leases as at 31 March 2019. The
            leases run for initial periods of one to three years and the leases do not include contingent rentals. The
            total future minimum lease payments payable by the Group under non-cancellable operating lease are as
            follows:


                                                                                                               2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000


            Within one year                                                                                   1,536
            In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                                           1,785


                                                                                                              3,321




      28. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Key management personnel remuneration represents emoluments paid to the directors of the Company as
            set out in note 12.


      29. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

            (a) Major non-cash transaction
                  During the year ended 31 March 2019, dividend declared by the Company amounting to
                  approximately HK$2,398,000 was settled by offsetting with amount due from a director.




134   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 31 March 2020




29. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    (CONTINUED)

  (b) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                     Bank
                                                              borrowings         Obligations    Net amounts
                                                    Lease     and interest     under finance    due (from)/to       Dividend
                                                liabilities      payables              lease        directors        payable
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


      As at 1 April 2018                                 –           8,536                82            1,454               –


      Change from financing cash flows:
      Proceeds from bank borrowings                      –           5,000                 –                –               –
      Repayments of bank borrowings                      –         (13,526)                –                –               –
      Capital element of finance lease
        obligations paid                                 –               –               (52)               –               –
      Interest element of finance lease
        obligations paid                                 –               –                (8)               –               –
      Repayment to a director                            –               –                 –           (3,852)              –
      Interest paid                                      –            (132)                –                –               –
      Dividend paid                                      –               –                 –                –          (3,602)


      Total changes from financing cash flows            –          (8,658)              (60)          (3,852)         (3,602)


      Other changes:
      Interest expenses                                  –            122                  –                –               –
      Finance charges on obligations under
        finance leases                                   –               –                 8                –               –
      Dividend declared                                  –               –                 –                –          6,000
      Offset with dividend payable                       –               –                 –            2,398          (2,398)




                                                                              Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      29. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
          (CONTINUED)

            (b) Reconciliation of movements of liabilities arising from financing activities
                (Continued)

                                                                                   Bank
                                                                            borrowings       Obligations    Net amounts
                                                                  Lease     and interest   under finance    due (from)/to   Dividend
                                                              liabilities      payables            lease        directors   payable
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000


                  As at 31 March 2019                                  –              –              30                –           –


                  Impact on initial application of HKFRS 16
                      (note 2(a)(i))                              2,819               –              (30)              –           –


                  As at 1 April 2019                              2,819               –                –               –           –


                  Change from financing cash flows:
                  Interest paid                                     (149)             –                –               –           –
                  Repayments of lease liabilities                 (1,068)             –                –               –           –


                  Total changes from financing cash flows         (1,217)             –                –               –           –


                  Other changes:
                  Interest expenses on leases                       149               –                –               –           –


                  As at 31 March 2020                             1,751               –                –               –           –




136   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 March 2020




30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

  The Group’s principal financial assets are trade receivables, deposits and other receivables, restricted bank
  deposits and cash and cash equivalents that derive directly from its operations. Principal financial liabilities
  of the Group include trade and retention money payables, accruals and other payables and lease liabilities.
  The main purpose of these financial liabilities is to finance the Group’s operations.


  The Group has not issued and does not hold any financial instruments for trading purposes at the end of
  each of the reporting period. The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk
  and liquidity risk.


  The Group’s financial risk management policy seeks to ensure that adequate resources are available to
  manage the above risks and to create value for its shareholders.


  (a) Credit risk
        Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty to a financial instrument would fail to discharge its
        obligation under the terms of the financial instrument and cause a financial loss to the Group. The
        Group’s exposure to credit risk mainly arises from granting credit to customers in the ordinary course
        of its business.


        The Group continuously monitors defaults of customers and other counterparties, identifies either
        individually or by group, and incorporates this information into its credit risk controls. The Group’s
        policy is to deal only with creditworthy counterparties.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to
                  ECL assessment:


                                                                                                                              Gross carrying amount
                                                  Simplified approach                    Days past due                              2020               2019
                                                                                                                                HK’000              HK’000


                  Trade receivables               Lifetime ECL based on                  Current (not past due)                  20,734              25,722
                      (Note 17)                      provision matrix
                                                  Lifetime ECL based on                  0 – 30 days past due                      1,985                 170
                                                     provision matrix
                                                  Lifetime ECL based on                  31 – 60 days past due                           –             9,992
                                                     provision matrix
                                                  Lifetime ECL based on                  More than 90 days                         7,539             27,413
                                                     provision matrix                       past due
                                                  Lifetime ECL                           N/A*                                    17,175                      –


                                                                                                                                 47,433              63,297


                  *       The characteristics of a debtor’s credit risk is different with the basis of the provision matrix, ECL is assessed individually.



                  Contract assets                 Lifetime ECL based on                  Current (not past due)                  75,398             110,574
                      (note19(a))                    provision matrix
                                                  Lifetime ECL based on                  More than 90 days                               –             9,504
                                                     provision matrix                       past due


                                                                                                                                 75,398             120,078




138   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2020




30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)

                                                                  Staging                  Gross carrying amount
                                        General approach          classification                2020             2019
                                                                                             HK’000           HK’000


      Deposits and other receivables    12-month ECL              Stage 1                     46,977           32,645
        (Note 18)                         – not credit-impaired
      Restricted bank deposit           12-month ECL              Stage 1                           –          12,030
        (Note 20)                         – not credit-impaired
      Cash and cash equivalents         12-month ECL              Stage 1                   108,991            63,380
                                          – not credit-impaired

     Trade receivables and contract assets
      The credit risk of the Group’s trade receivables is concentrated, because, as at 31 March 2020, 33%
      and 94% (2019: 40% and 99%) of which was due from the Group’s largest and five largest customers,
      respectively. Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from
      trade receivables are disclosed in note 17.


     Simplified approach
      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to
      lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix through grouping of various debtors that
      have similar loss patterns, after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, ageing, repayment
      history and/or past due status or respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on
      historical observed default rates over the past five years and are adjusted for forward-looking
      information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort.


      In addition, trade receivables and contract assets that has been a significant increase in credit risk, the
      management measures the credit-impaired debtors for ECL individually. In this regard, the Directors
      of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly increased.




                                                                     Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (a) Credit risk (Continued)
                  Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                  Simplified approach (Continued)
                  During the year ended 31 March 2020, the Group provided impairment allowance for trade
                  receivables and contract assets of approximately HK$224,000 and approximately HK$151,000,
                  respectively (2019: HK$ Nil and HK$ Nil, respectively) based on the provision matrix. Impairment
                  allowance of approximately HK$2,625,000 (2019: HK$ Nil) were made on trade receivables with
                  credit-impaired debtors. Given the customers of the Group are mainly reputable companies and the
                  Group has not experienced any significant credit loss in the past, management considered that the
                  allowance for ECLs is insignificant and no provision for impairment of trade receivables and contract
                  assets is necessary for the year ended 31 March 2019.


                  The Group writes off a trade receivable measured at amortised cost when there is information
                  indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                  e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.


                  Other financial assets at amortised cost
                  Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they
                  are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and
                  contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


                  Stage 1             Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since
                                      initial recognition and which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                                      12-month ECLs.


                  Stage 2             Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                                      recognition (but that are not credit-impaired financial assets) and for which the loss
                                      allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.


                  Stage 3             Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not
                                      purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is
                                      measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




140   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        31 March 2020




30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (a) Credit risk (Continued)
     Deposits and other receivables
      The management of the Group regularly reviews and assesses the credit quality of the counterparties.
      The Group uses 12-month ECL to assess the loss allowance of deposits and other receivables since
      these receivables are not past due and there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since
      initial recognition. In this regard, the Directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
      not significant.


     Pledged bank deposits and bank balances
      The credit risks on pledged bank deposits and bank balances are limited because the counterparties
      are financial institutions with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.


      The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for financial assets
      measured at amortised cost.


                                                                                Trade receivables
                                                          Trade receivables             (assessed
                                                          (provision matrix)         individually)     Contract assets
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000


      As at 1 April 2018 and
        31 March 2019                                                     –                     –                    –
      Impairment loss recognised                                        224                 2,625                  151


      As at 31 March 2020                                               224                 2,625                  151


      Average loss rate
      At 31 March 2020                                                0.74%               15.28%                 0.20%


      At 31 March 2019                                                  N/A                  N/A                   N/A




      The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
      life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
      cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information
      about specific debtors is updated. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics
      as the trade receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the
      loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for contract assets.




                                                                      Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   141
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

            (b) Liquidity risk
                  Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with
                  its financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and
                  retention money payables, accruals and other payables, lease liabilities and obligation under finance
                  leases, and also in respect of its cash flow management.


                  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                  it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
                  financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. In the opinion
                  of the directors of the Company, the Group was able to comply with all covenants of the banking
                  facilities as at 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2019.


                  The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group throughout the reporting period and are
                  considered to have been effective in managing liquidity risks.


                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
                  liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities
                  based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other
                  non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both
                  interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted
                  amount is derived from interest rates at the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                   Total                       More than
                                                                             contractual          Within         one year
                                                               Carrying    undiscounted       one year or    but less than
                                                                amount         cash flow      on demand         two years
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                  At 31 March 2020
                  Trade and retention money payables             84,377          84,377           84,377                –
                  Accruals and other payables                    10,523          10,523           10,523                –
                  Lease liabilities (note)                        1,751            1,785           1,260              525


                                                                 96,651          96,685           96,160              525




142   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    31 March 2020




30. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

  (b) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                       Total contractual                  Within
                                                                         Carrying          undiscounted             one year or
                                                                          amount                cash flow           on demand
                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000                 HK$’000


      At 31 March 2019
      Trade and retention money payables                                    93,288                 93,288                  93,288
      Accruals and other payables                                            9,455                   9,455                  9,455
      Obligations under finance leases                                           30                     35                     35


                                                                           102,773                102,778                102,778



      Note: The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and recognised at the date of
            transition to HKFRS 16 in respect of leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17. Under this approach,
            the comparative information is not restated.


  (c) Interest rate risk
      As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and
      operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rate.




                                                                                Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020       143
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 March 2020




      31. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

            The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
            concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, to maintain an
            optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital and to support the Group’s stability and growth. The
            Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure, taking into consideration the future
            capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholder returns.


            The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debts divided by total equity. Total debts
            represent the total balance of lease liabilities and obligations under finance leases as shown in the
            consolidated statement of financial position. The Group aims to maintain the gearing ratio at a reasonable
            level.


                                                                                                             2020                      2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000                    HK$’000


            Lease liabilities (note)                                                                        1,751                           –
            Obligations under finance leases                                                                      –                       30
            Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                             (108,991)                   (63,380)


            Net cash                                                                                    (107,240)                   (63,350)


            Total equity                                                                                 188,271                    190,322


            Net debt to equity ratio                                                                          N/A                       N/A



            Note: The Group has initially applied HKFRS 16 using the modified retrospective approach and recognised at the date of transition to
                  HKFRS 16 in respect of leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17. Under this approach, the comparative
                  information is not restated.




144   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 March 2020




32. SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY
    CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts presented in the consolidated statement of financial position relate to the following
   categories of financial assets and financial liabilities.


                                                                                            As at 31 March

                                                                                             2020                     2019
                                                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000


   Financial assets measured at amortised cost
   – Trade receivables                                                                     44,584                   63,297
   – Deposits and other receivables                                                        46,977                   32,645
   – Restricted bank deposit                                                                      –                 12,030
   – Cash and cash equivalents                                                           108,991                    63,380


                                                                                         200,552                  171,352


   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
   – Trade and retention money payables                                                    84,377                   93,288
   – Accruals and other payables                                                           10,523                    9,455
   – Lease liabilities                                                                      1,751                         –
   – Obligations under finance leases                                                             –                      30


                                                                                           96,651                 102,773




33. LITIGATION

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group was a defendant in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential
   claims relating to employee’s compensation cases and personal injury claims. In the opinion of the
   directors, the possibility of any outflow of resources in settling these claims is remote and accordingly no
   provision for liabilities in respect of these litigations is necessary.


34. APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the directors on 19 June
   2020.




                                                                             Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020   145
      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and total equity of the Group for the last five financial years,
      as extracted from the published annual report and audited financial statements, is set out below:


      RESULTS

                                                                                   Year ended 31 March
                                                          2020                2019               2018        2017        2016
                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                         283,148              425,773            448,556      371,698     323,375


      (Loss)/profit before income
        tax expense                                       (935)             22,383             29,099       27,809      23,566
      Income tax expense                                (1,116)             (5,559)             (5,775)     (5,334)     (3,904)


      (Loss)/profit for the year                        (2,051)             16,824             23,324       22,475      19,662


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                           (2,051)             16,824             23,324       22,475      19,662


                                                        (2,051)             16,824             23,324       22,475      19,662



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TOTAL EQUITY

                                                                                       At 31 March
                                                         2020                2019                2018        2017        2016
                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


      Total assets                                   284,952              298,567            187,080       98,560     102,570
      Total liabilities                               (96,681)           (108,245)          (103,617)      (53,421)    (60,106)


      NET ASSETS                                     188,271              190,322             83,463       45,139      42,464




      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                        188,271              190,322             83,463       45,139      42,464
      TOTAL EQUITY                                   188,271              190,322             83,463       45,139      42,464


      Note: The summary above does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.




146   Golden Ponder Holdings Limited Annual Report 2020
