•
•

•
•
•




•
•

•
Financial Performance


Underlying    EBITDA for 1H26 reflects the expected first-half earnings profile and the
operational changes introduced during the period. Gaming revenue was affected                     by
carded play in New Zealand, lower premium table volumes in Auckland and Adelaide, and
VIP    customer   churn,   partially offset    by contributions from       non-gaming    businesses,
including Food & Beverage and Hotels.


Total costs were higher than the prior period in part due to ongoing investment in AML,
host responsibility, and technology, particularly in Adelaide.
                                                           IH26 also included pre-opening
costs for NZICC and investment In Online.


Asset Monetisation


The Auckland carpark concession process has not resulted in a proposal that meets
SkyCity’s commercial objectives. CBRE has formally commenced the marketing of the 99
Albert Street office building.


The Group holds a significant portfolio of assets on its balance sheet and Is actively
assessing    monetisation    options across individual        assets and   potential   combinations.
External advisers have been engaged, and the programme is well advanced, with SkyCity
targeting approximately $200 million in monetisation proceeds by February 2027. In
evaluating options, we are carefully considering strategic alignment, value realisation,
transaction sequencing and relevant external dependencies.


New Zealand International Convention Centre (NZICC)


The NZICC opened on 11 February 2026, and conferences and live events are already
underway. During the first half, SkyCity incurred commissioning, testing and readiness
costs associated with the opening.


“The   opening    of the   New Zealand        International   Convention   Centre   marks a   major
milestone for SkyCity, with initial operations underway and a strong forward events
pipeline supporting future precinct visitation,” said Walbridge.


Carded Play


Mandatory carded play was introduced across SkyCity’s New Zealand casinos in July 2025.


Mandatory carded      play affected gaming         activity and   revenue during the      period, as
expected. The carded play framework provides additional data and oversight to support
regulatory and host responsibility requirements.


“Carded play was introduced to strengthen our host responsibility framework and support
player welfare.


“SIX months on, we are seeing some operational benefits from the additional customer data
and visibility it provides. We have maintained strong customer satisfaction through
implementation, and the deeper insights are supporting our longer-term omni-channel
strategy,” said Walbridge.
