                                                                              Level 19, 420 George Street
                                                                              Sydney NSW 2000 Australia

                                                                              Telephone: +61 2 8923 6866
                                                                              www.worley.com
                                                                              Worley Limited
                                                                              ABN 17 096 090 158


                        26 February 2026


                                                                 ASX release

                                                         HALF YEAR 2026 RESULTS

                                         Revenue growth, resilient earnings, strong momentum



                        Worley Limited (ASX: WOR) (“Worley”) today reported its half year results for the six




For personal use only
                        months ended 31 December 2025 (HY26). Statutory net profit after tax (NPATA) was
                        $152 million. Underlying earnings before interest and tax (EBITA) remained steady on the
                        previous corresponding period (pcp) at $377 million excluding $82 million pre-tax costs
                        associated with transformation and business restructuring. Underlying NPATA was $207
                        million, down 4.2% on pcp.

                        HY26 Result Highlights

                           •   Aggregated revenue of $6,312 million, up 5.4% on pcp
                           •   Underlying EBITA of $377 million, up 0.3% on pcp
                           •   Underlying EBITA margin excluding procurement of 8.8%, up from 8.4% pcp
                           •   Underlying NPATA $207 million, down 4.2% on pcp
                           •   Statutory NPATA $152 million, down 29.6%
                           •   Spent $324 million through on-market share buy-back since March 2025
                           •   Interim dividend declared of 25 cents per share unfranked
                           •   Normalised cash conversion ratio of 95.5%
                           •   Strong bookings of $9.8 billion, up 63% on the prior half to 30 June 2025
                           •   Backlog is $16.7 billion, with momentum in major project wins this calendar year
                           •   Restructuring and cost-out initiatives to realise over $100m of annualized cost savings
                               from FY27 onwards
                           •   FY26 outlook targeting moderate growth in aggregated revenue and underlying EBITA


                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Chris Ashton said, “Solid revenue growth and
                        resilient earnings define this result. Worley continues to win the confidence of our customers
                        as their capital investments adjust to global conditions. These results show once again our
                        adaptability in the face of dynamic markets.

                        “We’re seeing momentum building with major project wins this year, demonstrating early
                        success in our deliberate shift to scale our end-to-end delivery model. This is expected to drive
                        growth in our backlog which, together with an uplift in pipeline opportunities, gives us
                        confidence in the near-term outlook.

                                                                                                                   1
                        “Worley is now positioning for the next phase of growth, embracing this same agility to expand
                        our addressable markets. We’re simplifying and removing legacy complexity and restructuring
                        our operations to deliver more efficiently, while repositioning and expanding capability in areas
                        of higher customer and market demand. These actions will result in efficiencies and enhance
                        our earnings quality.

                        “Our outlook for the full year remains unchanged. We’re targeting growth in aggregated
                        revenue higher than FY25 and moderate growth in underlying EBITA. We’re optimistic about
                        future growth within and beyond our traditional markets – backed by the strength and scale of
                        our diversified global business, enduring customer relationships and expansion of our
                        capabilities.”




For personal use only
                        Revenue growth supports stable earnings

                        Aggregated revenue for the half year was $6,312 million, up 5.4% on pcp with an increasing
                        proportion of revenue being driven by construction and fabrication as well as procurement as
                        we move into later stages of major projects, particularly across the Americas. Energy and
                        resources sectors are making the largest contribution to growth while the chemicals sector
                        continues to experience softer conditions. Revenue contribution from the APAC region has
                        declined as projects complete and new projects take time to ramp up.

                        Underlying EBITA remained steady at $377 million compared to $376 million pcp. While project
                        mix has a bearing on the rate of earnings growth, a continued focus on high-quality work and
                        disciplined execution of projects supports this stable earnings profile in the first half.

                        The underlying EBITA margin fell to 6.0% from 6.3% pcp impacted by the current project mix
                        as a greater proportion of earnings contribution comes from construction and fabrication and
                        procurement. Underlying EBITA margin on aggregated revenue excluding procurement is
                        8.8%, up from 8.4% pcp.

                        Underlying NPATA is $207 million, down 4.2% on pcp. Statutory NPATA is $152 million, down
                        29.6% on pcp which has been impacted by transformation and business restructuring costs
                        excluded from the underlying result.

                        Cost savings from transformation and business restructuring

                        As part of initiatives to reset the cost base and restructuring activity in our operations, the
                        company incurred costs of $82 million. These costs relate predominantly to restructuring in
                        Western Europe where we have seen high costs due to local labor protections. While there will
                        be further costs incurred in the second half of FY26 relating to these initiatives they are
                        anticipated to be lower than those incurred in the first half. These efforts are expected to
                        result in more than $100 million of annualised cost savings from FY27 onwards.

                        These actions will position Worley well to continue to meet our customers’ needs and ensure
                        we have even stronger foundations for continued growth with greater commercial agility and
                        technology focus.



                                                                                                                   2
                        Strong momentum in contract wins supporting growth in backlog

                        Worley recorded strong bookings of $9.8 billion over the six-month period, up 63% from $6.0
                        billion on the prior half to 30 June 2025, with wins across the energy and resources sectors.
                        Sole sourced wins have increased to 48% reflecting our strong customer relationships and
                        their confidence in our ability to deliver.

                        Bookings included the first phase of Venture Global’s CP2 project, a major LNG export facility
                        in Louisiana in the United States which achieved Final Investment Decision (FID) in July 2025.
                        Worley has been providing engineering, procurement and construction planning services under
                        a reimbursable contract and earlier this month signed a contract to provide similar services for
                        Phase 2 as Venture Global progresses towards final investment decision and full project




For personal use only
                        execution. Once achieved, the remaining scope of work will move from pipeline into backlog.

                        Other major project wins during the period include:

                           •   Engineering Procurement and Construction Management (EPCM) contract by
                               Heidelberg Materials for the UK’s first full scale cement carbon capture and storage
                               facility in Padeswood, North Wales

                           •   Long standing customer Rio Tinto appointed Worley to deliver EPCM services for the
                               Brockman Syncline 1 iron ore project in the Pilbara region of Western Australia

                           •   Working with ExxonMobil over a 24-month period, Worley is providing construction
                               services for a major reconfiguration of its Baytown integrated complex in Texas, United
                               States

                        Sustainability remains an integral part of Worley’s strategy to date, but a shift in sentiment
                        regarding sustainable projects has resulted in a redirection of customer capital to projects
                        which deliver a greater return on investment. At Worley’s AGM in November, we noted that
                        we were impacted by non-material sustainability-related project cancellations and this
                        prompted the restructure of our operations in Western Europe. While sentiment shifts and
                        market dynamics continue to change, our breadth of expertise together with the agility of our
                        business model supports our ability to grow.

                        Since 1 January 2026, Worley has seen strong momentum in project wins including being
                        appointed as technical advisor for the WA Westport Program which aims to deliver a new world
                        class container port in Kwinana for the Government of Western Australia; awarded the Front
                        End Engineering Design contract for the Humber to Nottinghamshire section of the H2East
                        Pipeline in the United Kingdom for Cadent Gas; and was selected by Equinor Energy to provide
                        support for selected oil and gas facilities on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.

                        Worley was also conditionally awarded EPCM provider for Glenfarne’s Alaska LNG project on
                        Phase One following successful completion of Front-End Engineering Design in 2025. This
                        strategically significant energy infrastructure project, together with the work we are doing on
                        CP2, aligns to our deep LNG expertise and end to end project delivery capability.




                                                                                                                   3
                        Backlog remains healthy at $16.7 billion. Contract wins since 1 January 2026 i have the
                        potential to add over $3.5 billion. Worley’s strategy to focus on winning a greater share of
                        major projects is gaining traction and supports near term revenue growth.

                        We continue to see a healthy pipeline of future opportunities with approximately 46% expected
                        to be awarded in the next twelve months.

                        Business diversification supports earnings resilience

                        Worley’s global footprint and ability to target high-growth markets demonstrates our resilience
                        and responsiveness as market conditions evolve.

                        Worley continues to hold a leadership position with customers across core energy, chemicals




For personal use only
                        and resources sectors:

                           •   Energy contributed 50% of aggregated revenue and grew 8.8% on pcp driven by higher
                               construction, fabrication and procurement activity on major projects. Integrated gas
                               now makes up half of revenue derived from energy with integrated gas and power
                               representing key subsectors where Worley is directing its near-term focus for further
                               growth opportunities.

                           •   Chemicals continues to remain challenging with some project cancellations in Western
                               Europe contributing to a 9.0% decline in aggregated revenue on pcp. The sector now
                               contributes 21% of Worley’s aggregated revenue.

                           •   Resources have seen growth with aggregated revenue up 12.3% on pcp, now
                               contributing 29% of aggregated revenue. Higher procurement volumes from fertilizer
                               and water projects continue to drive growth as some APAC project are completed.

                        The Americas delivered strong revenue growth, contributing 48% of total aggregated revenue.
                        While professional services continues to dominate work delivered, growth was driven by
                        increased construction and fabrication and procurement, as major projects move into
                        execution phases. Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) contributed 40% of total aggregated
                        revenue with the cancellation of some projects in Europe impacting growth in professional
                        services. Asia Pacific has experienced a slowdown as professional service projects complete
                        although margin discipline is maintained across remaining work.

                        Our people and our ESG performance

                        Worley employs over 43,800 people across 44 countries and is proud of the depth and breadth
                        of expertise we draw from in serving our customers. Our culture of engagement, innovation
                        and productivity is central to the work we do every day with our highest priority to keep our
                        people safe. Over the past six months the Total Recordable Case Frequency Rate was 0.10.

                        ESG is intrinsically linked to Worley’s purpose of delivering a more sustainable world. As part
                        of Worley’s ESG commitment modern slavery prevention has been strengthened through
                        introducing a global standard and additional training. Worley remains on track to meet net
                        zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reduction targets.


                                                                                                                   4
                        A proactive and prudent approach to managing capital

                        Worley’s strong capital management position reflects a consistent approach to managing cash
                        flow which underpins the company’s balance sheet strength. Our capital management position
                        continues to support our growth plans, balancing investment for growth and returning capital
                        to shareholders, whilst maintaining good liquidity.

                        The normalised cash conversion ratio of 95.5% is above the high end of our target range of
                        85-95% and balance sheet strength is supported by leverage at 1.5x.

                        The Worley Board today determined to pay an interim dividend of 25 cents per share,
                        unfranked. The dividend will be paid on 2 April 2026 with a record date of 5 March 2026.




For personal use only
                        The on-market share buy-back commenced on 17 March last year. To date over 24 million
                        shares have been purchased for a total consideration of $324 million. The company will
                        continue to progress the buy-back programii.

                        Worley takes a proactive approach to managing its debt maturity profile. With over $2.2 billion
                        of liquidity, which includes $1.4 billion of committed undrawn facilities, together with our
                        ability to access global debt capital markets, Worley is well placed to manage its upcoming
                        debt maturities in the second half of FY26.

                        Laying the foundations for the next phase of our growth strategy

                        Worley’s strategy is to drive performance through strengthening leadership in core markets,
                        expanding along the value chain and into growth markets, and innovating to unlock
                        opportunities and efficiency.

                        Worley is now laying the foundations for the company’s next phase of growth targeting future-
                        facing growth markets with a strategy to expand the total addressable market we serve. While
                        energy, chemicals and resources (ECR) remain fundamental to our business and our
                        customers, we are also pursuing growth opportunities beyond ECR in complex critical
                        infrastructure markets with long-term demand visibility. This strategy focuses on areas where
                        our capabilities are transferable, supported by partnerships and the development of new
                        customer relationships.

                        We are continuing to build on our capability to deliver large scale complex projects and are
                        seeing momentum as customers place more confidence in Worley to execute EPC and EPCM
                        projects worldwide. Our positioning to work with customers in the early stages and support
                        them through the delivery of major projects is gaining traction and significantly expands the
                        size of the project opportunities we can support.

                        Our growth strategy is anchored by disciplined capital management and a sharp focus on
                        margins. Robust cashflow oversight and internal risk assessment processes remain
                        fundamental to the way we do business underpinning the stability and resilience of our
                        earnings.




                                                                                                                   5
                        Together with the company’s cost management initiatives which are aimed at establishing a
                        more efficient and leaner structure improving the quality of earnings, there is an ongoing focus
                        on scaling our Global Integrated Delivery centres (GID) to drive profit growth and margins.
                        Digital deployment remains a fundamental part of ensuring we drive efficiency and build future
                        facing capability and efforts continue to embed AI and technology enabled solutions across the
                        business. This focus will ensure we have the right foundations for continued growth.

                        Group outlookiii

                        Mr Ashton said, “We reconfirm our moderate growth outlook for the current financial year iv,
                        targeting higher growth in aggregated revenue than FY25, growth in underlying EBITA and
                        expect the underlying EBITA margin (excluding procurement) to be within a range of 9.0 –




For personal use only
                        9.5%.

                        “We have the agility to adapt to changing market dynamics to meet the needs of our
                        customers. We are seeing momentum building as we win a greater share of major projects in
                        areas that we have identified as growth markets. We continue to benefit from favourable
                        long-term macro trends supporting demand in our existing end markets but have also
                        identified high growth adjacent markets to support Worley’s growth beyond FY26.

                        “We remain well positioned with a diversified global business, broad and deep capabilities and
                        strong customer relationships. This is supported by commercial and financial discipline, an
                        increased cost focus and a strong balance sheet.”



                        HY26 investor briefing presentation

                        Chris Ashton, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and Justine Travers, Chief
                        Financial Officer will be holding an audio briefing for investors and analysts to discuss the
                        results at 10.00am AEDT today.

                        Use this link to access the webcast: Click here to register

                        The results briefing will be webcast live and an archive will be available on Worley’s website
                        shortly after the briefing concludes.


                        Authorized for release by Nuala O’Leary, Group Company Secretary.

                        For further information, please contact:

                        Kylie Ramsden                                Janelle Carrigan
                        Group Director Investor Relations            Media Relations
                        Ph: +61 412 340 850                          Ph: +61 409 939 920
                        investor.relations@worley.com                media.relations@worley.com


                        About Worley: Worley is a leading global professional services company of energy, chemicals
                        and resources experts. We partner with customers to deliver projects and create value over
                        the life of their assets. We’re bridging two worlds, moving towards more sustainable energy
                        sources, while helping to provide the energy, chemicals and resources needed now.

                                                                                                                        6
                        Worley Limited is headquartered in Australia and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
                        (ASX: WOR).


                        DISCLAIMER Important Information

                        The information in this ASX release about Worley Limited and the entities it controls (Group) and the
                        Group’s activities is current as at 26 February 2026 and is in summary form and is not necessarily
                        complete. It should be read together with the Company’s Appendix 4D, Interim Financial Report for the
                        half-year ended 31 December 2025 and other announcements lodged with the Australian Securities
                        Exchange. The financial information contained in the Interim Financial Report for the half-year ended 31
                        December 2025 has been reviewed, but not audited, by the Group’s external auditors. This ASX release is
                        not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors. Investors should seek
                        qualified advice before making investment decisions.




For personal use only
                        This ASX release contains forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but are not limited
                        to, statements regarding Worley’s climate-related and emissions reduction targets, future demand for
                        Worley’s services, global market conditions, management plans, goals and strategies including
                        expectations regarding transformation and restructuring initiatives (including associated cost savings).
                        The ASX release also covers current expectations with respect to Worley’s business and operations,
                        financial conditions and market practices, capital costs and scheduling and the availability,
                        implementation and adoption of new technologies. Forward-looking statements can generally be
                        identified by the use of words such as ‘will’, ‘target’, ‘expect’, ‘outlook’, ‘anticipate’, ‘have the potential
                        to’, ‘expected to’ and other similar expressions.

                        These forward-looking statements reflect the Group’s expectations at the date of such statements. They
                        are not guarantees or predictions of future performance or outcomes. They involve known and unknown
                        risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control and which may cause actual outcomes and
                        developments to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. Factors that may affect
                        forward-looking statements include legal and regulatory changes, technological changes, customer
                        investment in the energy transition, economic and geopolitical factors including global market conditions,
                        changes in customer investment plans and in the timing of project awards or execution, the progress and
                        outcomes of transformation and restructuring initiatives, demand and availability of highly skilled people,
                        and risks including physical, technology and climate-related risks.

                        The Group cautions readers against reliance on any forward-looking statements or guidance. The Group
                        makes no representation, assurance or guarantee as to the accuracy, completeness or likelihood of
                        fulfillment of any forward-looking statement, any outcomes expressed or implied in any forward-looking
                        statement or any assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based.

                        Except as required by applicable laws, regulations or the ASX Listing Rules, the Group does not undertake
                        to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or
                        future events.

                        This ASX release may include non-IFRS financial information. The non-IFRS financial information is
                        unaudited and has not been reviewed by the Group’s external auditors. Non-IFRS financial information
                        should not be considered as an indication of or alternative to an IFRS measure of profitability, financial
                        performance or liquidity.




                        i
                             Includes CP2 Phase 2 which remains subject to Final Investment Decision and Alaska LNG pipeline conditional on definitive agreement
                                  being reached.
                        ii
                              The timing and value of shares purchased is dependent on prevailing market conditions, share price and other factors.
                        iii
                              All forward-looking statements remain subject to no material deterioration in current market conditions, including forward estimates
                                   of timing, award and delivery of future projects and excludes currency exchange effects.
                        iv
                              On a constant currency basis.


                                                                                                                                                           7
