                                                                              Level 19, 420 George Street
                                                                              Sydney NSW 2000 Australia

                                                                              Telephone: +61 2 8923 6866
                                                                              www.worley.com
                                                                              Worley Limited
                                                                              ABN 17 096 090 158


                        26 February 2025


                                                                 ASX release

                                                         HALF YEAR 2025 RESULTS

                                   Growth in earnings and margins - on track to deliver FY25 outlook



                        Worley Limited (ASX: WOR) (“Worley”) today reported its half year results for the six




For personal use only
                        months ended 31 December 2024 (HY25). Statutory Net Profit was $216 million up 55.4% on
                        the prior corresponding period (pcp). Underlying EBITA grew 9.0% on pcp to $376 million and
                        operating margins increased to 8.4%.

                        HY25 Results Highlights

                           •   Aggregated revenue of $5,989 million, up 6.8% on pcp
                           •   Underlying EBITA of $376 million, up 9.0% on pcp
                           •   Underlying EBITA margin excluding procurement of 8.4%, up from 7.5% pcp
                           •   Underlying NPATA $216 million up 14.9% on pcp
                           •   Interim dividend declared of 25 cents per share unfranked
                           •   Bookings are $6.6 billion, up from $6.2 billion in HY24, but marginally down on H2 FY24
                           •   Backlog of $12.7 billion is down but wins continue to outpace work delivered
                           •   FY25 outlook reconfirmed - targeting low double-digit EBITA growth
                           •   Intention to undertake an on-market share buy-back of up to $500 million


                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Chris Ashton said, “Worley has continued to
                        deliver growth in earnings and margins in line with our expectations. These results are
                        underpinned by our continued focus on doing what we do best and deliberate actions to drive
                        ongoing increases in operating margins.”

                        “We’re currently operating in a market that is requiring us to adapt to economic and political
                        shifts and this is impacting our customer’s decisions around investment spend. Our
                        performance reflects our strength as a diversified business with breadth of capability,
                        disciplined strategy execution, a global footprint and strong customer relationships.”

                        “Our strategic initiatives include investments in growth markets, and innovations in how we
                        deliver projects, which - along with our focus on sustainability - supports us in leveraging long
                        term macro trends across the energy, chemicals and resources sectors, strengthening Worley’s
                        position as a global leader.”




                                                                                                                   1
                        Financial performance and margin growth in line with our medium-term targets

                        Aggregated revenue for the half year was $5,989 million up 6.8% on pcp with increases across
                        the Americas and EMEA regions and the energy and resources sectors.

                        Underlying EBITA grew by 9.0% to $376 million up from $345 million pcp. Growth in earnings
                        is higher than the rate of growth in revenue, supported by increasing margins as the company
                        focuses on winning higher quality work with quality customers.

                        The underlying EBITA margin including procurement increased to 6.3% from 6.1% for the six
                        months to 31 December 2024. This reflects an increase in construction and fabrication and
                        procurement as the mix of projects with material procurement requirements increased.
                        Underlying EBITA margin on revenue excluding procurement is 8.4%, up from 7.5% pcp.




For personal use only
                        Statutory NPATA is $216 million up 55.4% on pcp and underlying NPATA is $216 million up
                        14.9% on pcp, noting that during H1 FY24 a $58 million write off of the net exposure in
                        relation to historic services provided in Ecuador was excluded from the underlying result.

                        The Worley Board today determined to pay an interim dividend of 25 cents per share,
                        unfranked. The dividend will be paid on Wednesday, 2 April 2025 with a record date of 5 March
                        2025.

                        Mr Ashton said, “We’ve continued to deliver earnings growth, with earnings growing at a
                        higher rate than revenue. This has been underpinned by a deliberate strategy to drive higher
                        margins through a focus on winning higher margin work, driving operational leverage and
                        business productivity, and considered capital investments that support our future growth. We
                        continue to focus on maintaining high single digit EBITA margins ex procurement as we retain
                        our focus on these strategic actions.”

                        Prudent capital management underpins a strong balance sheet

                        Worley’s strong capital management position reflects a focus on prudent cash flow
                        management and enduring balance sheet strength.

                        The reported cash conversion ratio is 97.5% whilst the normalised cash conversion ratio
                        excluding advanced billings is 116.2% above 95.7% pcp, reflecting timing of payments during
                        the period.

                        Balance sheet strength is supported by leverage at 1.5x remaining unchanged from 30 June
                        2024. This reflects the prudent use of free cash flow to reduce risk, increase liquidity, maintain
                        a sound dividend payout ratio and focus on providing appropriate capacity to invest in business
                        growth.

                        Disciplined investment supporting growth and driving shareholder value

                        Over the last six months, the company invested $23 million to support growth and expects to
                        invest a further circa $58 million in the second half of FY25. These investments have focused
                        on scaling our operations in growth markets and investing in digital enablement and AI to
                        produce accretive returns and contribute to margin improvement.
                                                                                                                    2
                        Mr Ashton said, “Worley will continue to invest in strategic initiatives to drive organic growth
                        and operational efficiency and will consider disciplined investment in new opportunities which
                        are aligned with Worley’s growth strategy. This capital management strategy is consistent with
                        supporting continued growth while maximizing shareholder returns.”

                        As a further initiative to drive shareholder returns, Worley has today announced its intention to
                        undertake an on-market share buy-back of up to $500 million. The share buy-back will
                        commence in March 2025 and the timing and value of shares purchased will be dependent on
                        prevailing market conditions, share price and other factors.

                        This initiative reflects the Board’s confidence in the company’s financial position and growth
                        outlook. Supported by a strong balance sheet position, the buy-back forms one component of




For personal use only
                        Worley’s broader capital management strategy to enhance shareholder value which includes
                        growth investments and supplements the existing dividend policy.

                        Strategy execution and business diversification underpins our results

                        Mr Ashton said, “As expected, the last six months has presented a more challenging
                        environment leading to more moderated growth. A higher cost of capital as well as policy and
                        economic headwinds, are influencing the pace of the energy transition. This has resulted in
                        customers needing to rebalance their portfolios and reassess capital allocation decisions. This
                        has led to a small number of large project cancellations, which is not unusual in the normal
                        course of business but is particularly evident during times of increased uncertainty. This
                        uncertainty has been further driven by ongoing geopolitical tensions, global inflation and
                        supply chain challenges that continue to disrupt global markets in the sectors we serve.

                        “We have won $6.6 billion of work over the six month period, which is an increase on $6.2
                        billion booked over the same period last year but marginally down on the prior period. Our
                        project wins play into our core strategy, fortifying the strength of our energy, chemicals and
                        resources presence, expanding into attractive adjacencies and growth markets, and unlocking
                        high growth opportunities through innovation. Our strategic focus on winning higher margin
                        work has been an important driver of our earnings growth as we navigate short-term shifts in
                        the market. We’re also well positioned in managing our risk exposure with 82% of our work
                        being through lower risk reimbursable contracts.

                        “Our backlog is a healthy $12.7 billion but also reflects market dynamics and is lower than the
                        $13.8 billion reported at 30 June 2024, with much of the change in the backlog resulting from
                        the cancellation of the NorthVolt Sweden battery materials project announced at Worley’s
                        November 2024 AGM which reduced our backlog by approximately $1.6 billion. Importantly,
                        we continue to win more than we deliver.

                        “The proportion of the backlog represented by sustainable projects continues to increase and,
                        together with transitional work, now represents 62% of total expected revenue. This reinforces
                        Worley as a leader in supporting our customers who continue to invest in sustainability-related
                        projects as the energy transition evolves.




                                                                                                                   3
                        “Our pipeline remains consistent with our view that FY25 will be a moderated year, albeit we
                        are seeing some positive trends emerging. While our factored sales pipeline has seen a
                        marginal decline in the six-month period to January, it remains broadly in line with the same
                        time last year and we’re confident in the high-quality work we continue to win.

                        “Our work on Venture Global’s CP2 LNG export facility, continues under a Limited Notice to
                        Proceed, but the majority of our CP2 scope remains in our factored sales pipeline. We expect
                        to mobilize to site under a full Notice to Proceed mid calendar year 2025 once FID is granted,
                        at which point the full scope of work will shift from our pipeline to our backlog.

                        “Importantly, we continue to meet our customers’ needs with strong expertise across
                        traditional, transitional and sustainable work. We’re strategically diversified with breadth of




For personal use only
                        expertise across each of these areas and in our core sectors where we have market
                        dominance. Our global footprint, partnership approach and strong balance sheet remain
                        attractive drawcards for our customers to work with Worley.

                        “Our diversified business, agility and flexibility to meet customers’ needs, together with a risk-
                        adjusted approach and strong capital management, position Worley well to navigate short-
                        term market dynamics.”

                        EMEA has been a key growth market underpinning growth in group revenue

                        Total aggregated revenue grew 6.8% on pcp but was down marginally on the prior period.
                        Revenue from Europe Middle East and Africa (EMEA) continues to represent a significant
                        growth market contributing 42% of total aggregated revenue up 13.8% on pcp and up 5.5%
                        on the prior period, with a growing contribution from Morocco and the Middle East.
                        Contribution of revenue from the Americas was 41% with an increase of 9.2% on pcp but
                        down 2.8% on the prior period due to the suspension of the Umicore project and as market
                        disruption causes some customers to pause investment decisions. A change in project mix in
                        the Americas has resulted in growth in earnings contributed from construction and fabrication
                        as well as procurement. The Asia Pacific (APAC) region experienced lower activity particularly
                        in Australia New Zealand, but this was somewhat offset by growth in contribution from India.

                        Revenue from projects in the energy and resources sectors grew 13.1% and 33.2% on pcp
                        respectively. Worley’s work in the energy sector has continued to benefit from global
                        investment across the traditional, transitional and sustainable segments. Work in the resources
                        sector has seen particularly strong growth contribution from fertilizers across Middle East,
                        Africa and the Americas. Chemicals has seen a slowdown however this was partially offset by
                        continuing work on DAC projects.

                        Mr Ashton said, “While political uncertainty in the US remains, there has been a positive shift
                        in sentiment, and we are starting to see an uptick in activity. In other markets in which we
                        operate, we continue to see the Middle East as a key growth market, and we are focused on
                        fostering customer relationships within this region. Europe and APAC are expected to make a
                        lower contribution to revenue in the second half of FY25 but both regions remain important
                        contributors to our success over the longer term.



                                                                                                                     4
                        Our commitment to ESG and our people

                        “Our purpose of delivering a more sustainable world continues to inspire the work we do. We
                        continue to make good progress in delivery of our aspiration to derive 75% of our aggregated
                        revenue from sustainability-related work (including transitional) by FY26, subject to market
                        conditions.

                        “We remain committed to our ESG targets and importantly, we’re on track to meet our net
                        zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction targets.

                        “Our success is thanks to our energized and empowered people. Our highest priority is to keep
                        our people safe and well, feeling included and respected. Our Total Recordable Case Frequency
                        Rate was 0.12 across the Group unchanged from the prior period. We’re creating a secure and




For personal use only
                        supportive environment, leading to greater engagement, innovation and productivity.

                        “Importantly, to attract and retain global talent who can help the business deliver long term
                        growth, we have created a remuneration policy that is both attractive and incentivizes
                        outperformance. We see this as essential to resource the growth ahead of us.

                        “Our Global Integrated Delivery (GID) centre in India continues to remain an important part of
                        our drive to enhance productivity. We now have more than 7,600 people in our India business
                        and the proportion of work delivered through GID has increased to 14.4% from 14.2% on pcp.

                        Confident in our long-term growth strategy

                        “Our markets are positively leveraged to global macro trends and we’re positioned well as the
                        investment momentum in the energy transition continues to evolve. Our business model and
                        strong balance sheet is characterized by its high cash-generative nature and low-capital
                        intensity, which enhances earnings while supporting our growth plans.

                        “We have the agility, flexibility and breadth of capability to support customers across
                        geographies and the energy, chemicals and resources sectors as they rebalance their
                        investment in traditional, transitional and sustainable portfolios.

                        “We’re continuing to make strategic investments to generate positive accretive growth by
                        opening up new addressable markets, expanding market share and unlocking growth
                        opportunities through innovation. Benefits from our $100 million strategic capital investment
                        program are being seen in our enhanced capabilities and profitable growth, and we continue to
                        make disciplined investment decisions in growth areas. We have developed differentiated
                        solutions giving us a leading position in new markets including carbon capture, blue hydrogen
                        and copper where we continue to see strategic wins.

                        “Importantly, the world remains committed to achieving net zero and while the pace of
                        progress may vary, we still see significant growth ahead as those commitments are met and
                        the demand for energy, chemicals and resources continues to increase.




                                                                                                                  5
                        Group outlook1

                        “We reconfirm our outlook expectations for FY25 and are targeting low double-digit EBITA
                        growth and expect the underlying EBITA margin (excluding the impact of procurement) to be
                        within a range of 8.0-8.5%.

                        “We’re successfully executing our strategy which supports maintaining high single digit EBITA
                        margins and targets low double digit EBITA CAGR.

                        “As a leading global solutions provider in the markets we serve, we continue to be encouraged
                        by the work we win as we support our customers across their traditional, transitional and
                        sustainable portfolios.”




For personal use only
                        HY25 investor briefing presentation

                        Chris Ashton, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director and Tiernan O’Rourke, Chief
                        Financial Officer will be holding an audio briefing for investors and analysts to discuss the
                        results at 10.00am AEDT today using the following link:

                        https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/bu44d28p

                        The results briefing will be webcast live and an archive will be available on Worley’s website
                        shortly after the briefing concludes.


                        Authorized for release by Nuala O’Leary, Group Company Secretary.

                        For further information, please contact:

                        Kylie Ramsden                                                 Janelle Carrigan
                        Group Director Investor Relations                             Media Relations
                        Ph: +61 412 340 850                                           Ph: +61 409 939 920
                        investor.relations@worley.com                                 media.relations@worley.com


                        About Worley: Worley is a leading global professional services company of energy, chemicals
                        and resources experts. We partner with customers to deliver projects and create value over
                        the life of their assets. We’re bridging two worlds, moving towards more sustainable energy
                        sources, while helping to provide the energy, chemicals and resources needed now.

                        Worley Limited is headquartered in Australia and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
                        (ASX: WOR).




                        1
                        All forward-looking statements, remain subject to no material deterioration in current market conditions, including forward
                              estimates of timing, award and delivery of future projects.

                                                                                                                                                      6
