TransferWise Ltd
Annual Report
and Accounts 2021
                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021
Contents
           General information                                                    3

           Strategic report for the year ended 31 March 2021                      4

           Directors’ report for the year ended 31 March 2021                    41

           Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect                  44
           of the financial statements


           Independent auditors’ report to the members                          46
           of TransferWise Ltd


           Consolidated financial statements and notes                          49


           Company financials statements and notes                              80




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   2
General information.                                                                Company name

                                                                                    TransferWise Ltd
                                                                                    Registered number

                                                                                    07209813
                                                                                    Registered office

                                                                                    6th Floor Tea Building 56
                                                                                    Shoreditch High Street
                                                                                    London E1 6JJ, UK
                                                                                    Internet homepage      https://www.wise.com/

                                                                                    Principal activity     Online international money transfer services

                                                                                    Directors              Kristo Käärmann
                                                                                                           Taavet Hinrikus
                                                                                                           Matthew Briers*
                                                                                                           Roger Ehrenberg
                                                                                                           Clare Gilmartin*
                                                                                                           Tan Hooi Ling*
                                                                                                           Alastair Michael Rampell
                                                                                                           Ingo Uytdehaage
                                                                                                           David Wells

                                                                                    Company Secretary      Dean Nash

                                                                                    Independent Auditors   PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                                                                                                           1 Embankment Place
                                                                                                           London
                                                                                                           WC2N 6RH


       *Director designate. Approved by the Board on 2 February 2021 and expected                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   3
       to be formally appointed after regulatory clearances are obtained.
Strategic report
for the year ended 31
March 2021.




TITLE                   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   4
Moving the world’s money,
without borders.
                   Wise is a global technology   Moving money across borders is expensive, slow and opaque for too
                                                 many people and businesses.

                   company building the best     Exchange rate mark-ups. Hidden fees. This is the norm for the
                                                 international transfer industry.
                   way to move and manage
                                                 As a result, people and businesses are paying more than £150 billion
                   money around the world.       in unnecessary fees every year, and an enormous percentage of them
                                                 don’t even realise it.


                                                 In 2011, we set out on our mission to solve this. A mission to build
                                                 money without borders: instant, convenient, transparent, and
                                                 eventually free.


                                                 Today, more than 10 million people and businesses have stopped
                                                 using banks and traditional exchange services and have chosen Wise
                                                 because we’re cheaper, faster and easier to use.


                                                 With Wise, customers can receive and hold money digitally in over
                                                 50 currencies; convert currency in an instant; send money within or
                                                 between countries and spend around the globe with a debit card.


                                                 Banks and enterprises can also offer Wise products and services
                                                 to their customers via our platform, which provides access to our
                                                 modern infrastructure.


                                                 We’ve built an entirely new cross-border payments network that will
                                                 one day power money without borders for everyone, everywhere.




TITLE
STRATEGIC REPORT                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   5
Wise today
31 March 2021


                   10                           1.6                       £3.7                          £1
                   million                      million                   billion                       billion+
                   customers around the world   Wise debit cards issued   funds held in Wise Accounts   is what Wise customers
                                                                                                        save themselves every year
                                                                                                        compared to using a bank
                                                                                                        for the same transaction



                   £54                          £421                      £41
                   billion
                   processed in international
                                                million
                                                FY2021 revenue
                                                                          million
                                                                          FY2021 profit before tax
                                                                                                        2,400+
                                                                                                        people work at Wise.
                   payments volume, in FY2021




STRATEGIC REPORT                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   6
Our Wise Mission


                   Our mission is to build money without
                   borders: instant, convenient, transparent
                   and eventually free.

                   “To fulfill our mission we have to
                   overcome long standing obstacles.
                   Chief among them: banking infrastructure.
                   It’s clunky and entirely domestic.”

                   Kristo Käärmann, CEO




OUR WISE MISSION
TITLE                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   7
                   Our Infrastructure
                   Traditionally, when someone wants to make an international                                      Correspondent banking
                   transfer, their money has to pass through multiple correspondent
                                                                                                                                                                  Average transfer
                   banks, which slows the transaction down, and makes it more
                                                                                                                                                                  takes 2 - 5 days.




                                                                                                                        nt l



                                                                                                                          nt



                                                                                                                          nt



                                                                                                                          nk
                                                                                                  nk



                                                                                                                          nt
                   expensive and harder to track.




                                                                                                                    de na



                                                                                                                       de



                                                                                                                       de



                                                                                                                       ba
                                                                                                                       de
                                                                                                ba




                                                                                                                  on tio



                                                                                                                    on



                                                                                                                    on
                                                                                                                   on




                                                                                                                   t’s
                                                                                                               sp na
                                                                                                ’s




                                                                                                                 sp



                                                                                                                 sp
                                                                                             er



                                                                                                                 sp




                                                                                                                en
                                                                                                           rre ter
                   To replace this outdated correspondent banking system, we built




                                                                                           nd




                                                                                                              rre



                                                                                                              rre
                                                                                                             rre




                                                                                                              pi
                                                                                                        co In
                                                                                         Se




                                                                                                            ci
                                                                                                          co



                                                                                                          co
                   our own global payments infrastructure by stitching together fast




                                                                                                          co




                                                                                                        Re
                                                                                                       ia



                                                                                                       ai
                                                                                                 US
                   and efficient local payment systems.




                                                                                                     As



                                                                                                     Th
                   By connecting directly to many central banks, local banks,
                   and other local financial institutions, we eliminate countless                                                                                 Average transfer
                   intermediaries and manual processes, which brings down our                                                                                     takes <1hr.




                                                                                                                                          nk



                                                                                                                                                      nk
                                                                                                              nk
                                                                                                  nk




                                                                                                                                        ba



                                                                                                                                                    ba
                                                                                                ba



                                                                                                            ba
                   costs and lets us move money faster and more transparently.




                                                                                                                                     ai



                                                                                                                                                   t’s
                                                                                                ’s



                                                                                                       US




                                                                                                                                   Th
                                                                                             er




                                                                                                                                                 en
                                                                                           nd



                                                                                                      ise




                                                                                                                                               pi
                                                                                                                                 ise
                   When a Wise customer makes an international transfer, we collect




                                                                                         Se



                                                                                                     W




                                                                                                                                             ci
                                                                                                                                W



                                                                                                                                           Re
                   the money from them in their home currency and country, and
                   almost immediately pay into their recipient’s account from our
                   operations in their country. Faster. Cheaper. More transparent.


                   We’re doing a lot behind the scenes to accomplish this: in addition
                   to developing technology to deliver payments instantly, we’re
                   maintaining relationships with regulators, and building a truly
                   global operations and customer support organisation.


                   All of this helps us deliver on our mission pillars — price, speed,
                   convenience, and transparency — across our four core products.




OUR WISE MISSION                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   8
                              We lower prices whenever we can




                      Price
                              Our goal is to gradually move the cost of sending money abroad
                              towards zero.


                              Our infrastructure lowers our unit costs, letting us charge eight
                              times less than leading traditional banks and six times less than
                              PayPal — saving our customers more than £1 billion in the last
                              financial year (“FY2021”), with an average price at the end of the
                              fiscal year of just 0.69%.


                              We proudly charge our customers a transparent fee for each
                              of our services, without cross-subsidising between customers,                                      We move money at speeds previously thought impossible




                                                                                                                         Speed
                              products or routes. We calculate the precise costs of our offering,
                              and we charge the customer that amount plus a small margin                                         As illustrated below, we’ve continuously increased the speed of our
                              for a rainy day.                                                                                   transfers, and by the end of the year ended 31 March 2021, 38% of
                                                                                                                                 our transfers were instant, 62% were delivered in under one hour,
                              When our costs go down, we aim to lower our prices as soon                                         and 83% arrived in under 24 hours.
                              as possible. During the year ended 31 March 2021, we lowered fees
                              for currency routes used by 76% of our customers.                                                  This compares to the two to five business days, on average, it takes
                                                                                                                                 a traditional bank to complete an international transfer.
                              Average price*
                                                                                                                                 We know it’s important to give our customers realistic estimates
                                                                     0.71%                        0.72%
                                                           0.70%               0.70%    0.70%              0.69% 0.69%
                                                                                                                                 of transfer times so they can plan their lives and businesses
                               0.64%    0.64%     0.63%
                                                                                                                                 accordingly. We’re proud to say that this year, our delivery
                                                                                                                                 estimates were over 90% accurate.

                                                                                                                                 Speed

                                Q3     Q4     Q1     Q2     Q3     Q4     Q1     Q2     Q3     Q4
                                                                                                                                                                                     83%
                                                                                                                                                                                     arrive in 24 hours
                              FY2019 FY2019 FY2020 FY2020 FY2020 FY2020 FY2021 FY2021 FY2021 FY2021

                              *Price definition: average price based on a fixed basket of representative currencies to
                              reduce the effect from route mix and other factors.
                                                                                                                                                                                     62%
                                                                                                                                                                                     arrive in 1 hour

                                                                                                                                                                                     38%
                                                                                                                                                                                     arrive instantly




                                                                                                                                    Mar ‘18        Mar ‘19       Mar ‘20        Mar ‘21



OUR MISSION PILLARS                                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   9
                                    We’re committed to making Wise available to anyone, anywhere,




                      Convenience
                                    anytime on any device.


                                    Our infrastructure enables our customers to send, receive, hold,
                                    convert and spend money in a growing number of currencies,
                                    all in one place with only a few taps or clicks.


                                    Our focus on customer satisfaction through our ongoing
                                    investment in product and technology really shows up in our                            Transparency - finally




                                                                                                            Transparency
                                    metrics. During the year ended 31 March 2021, our net promoter
                                    score was 76 and approximately 67% of new customers came                               People and businesses deserve to know how much they pay for
                                    through “word-of-mouth”, joining Wise on the recommendation of                         cross-border transactions. But only 4% of bank customers know
                                    their friends and family. Wise is rated 4.6/5 on TrustPilot with over                  that the full cost of sending money abroad is composed of both an
                                    100,000 reviews and has a 4.8/5 rating on the Apple App Store.                         upfront fee and an exchange rate mark-up.



                                                                                                                                                    only4%
                                                                                                                                                    of bank customers


                                                                                76
                                                                                                                                                    know the full cost for
                                                                                                                                                    sending money abroad

                                                                                average
                                                          NPS                                                              We’re obsessed with showing our own fees and rates upfront. But
                                                                                                                           we also believe it’s critical to drive change beyond Wise, on a global
                                                                                                                           scale. We’re fighting for transparency around the world, both by
                                                                                                                           working with regulators, and by empowering customers through
                                                                                                                           educational content.
                                                       WoM
                                                                                67%                                        In 2020, following a call to action from the UN Secretary-General,
                                                                                                                           the international community — led by the UN, IFAD, and World
                                                                                                                           Bank — formed a Global Remittance Task Force and issued a
                                                                                                                           landmark report with remittance policy recommendations for the
                                    NPS: Net Promoter Score
                                                                                                                           G20 and other governments.

                                    WoM: customer sign ups from word-of-mouth                                              For the first time, they explicitly called for full transparency,
                                                                                                                           recommending that “the total cost (e.g. fees at both ends, foreign
                                                                                                                           exchange rate margins)” of a transfer should be “disclosed in a
                                                                                                                           single upfront amount”.


OUR MISSION PILLARS                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   10
Our products
Our global payments infrastructure powers our
four core products: Wise Transfer, Wise Account,
Wise Business and Wise Platform.




Wise Transfer
Wise Transfer is a cheap, fast and convenient
way to send money abroad. With Wise Transfer,
our customers can send money to more than
80 countries, covering over 85% of the world’s
bank accounts.


Our infrastructure lets us give customers the real,
mid-market exchange rate on every transfer, for a
low, upfront fee.




                                                      Today’s coverage:
                                                           One way - we send
                                                           money to

                                                           Two ways - we send
                                                           money to and from




OUR PRODUCTS                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   11
       Wise Account                                               Send money
      We’re breaking barriers to build the world’s most
                                                            • 8x cheaper than banks
      international account. The Wise Account defines
      a new category; it’s designed to meet the needs       • 38% of transfers are instant
      of people leading multi-currency lives, whether       • Real FX rate
      they’re expats or travellers.


      The Wise Account lets people manage money
                                                                  Receive payments
      around the world as if they’re a local bank account
      holder in those regions. No more high foreign         • Access to local bank
      transaction fees, or rate mark-ups, or unnecessary      account details
      delays. It’s free to sign up and there are no         • Receive in 10 currencies
      subscription fees.



                                                                  Hold & convert
                                                            • 56 Currencies
                                                            • Real FX rate


                                                                  Spend anywhere
                                                            • Mobile wallet
                                                            • Withdraw cash anywhere
                                                            • Use in 176 countries




OUR PRODUCTS                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   12
       Wise Business
       Wise Business provides all the benefits of Wise,
       tailored to freelancers, entrepreneurs and SMBs,
       allowing them to manage money “locally” for a
                                                                         Wise Transfer     ✓   ✓
       small fee.


       That includes invoicing; payment automation and
                                                                 50+ currency balances     ✓   ✓
       accounting integration; team accounts; a smarter
       way to spend through the Wise Business debit card;                    Debit card    ✓   ✓   Multiple cards

       batch payments; recurring (scheduled) payments;
       and Application Programming Interface-based                Local account details    ✓   ✓
       (“API”) payment workflow automation.
                                                                          Direct debits    ✓   ✓
       Wise Business has scaled fast with over 300,000
       active business customers in the year ended 31            Business on-boarding          ✓
       March 2021, up from 194,000 in the previous year.


       Wise account holders (including Wise Account and
                                                                   Business verification       ✓
       Wise Business) held a total of £3.7 billion in deposits
       as at 31 March 2021, up from £2.0 billion as at 31
                                                                       Batch payments          ✓
       March 2020. To date, 1.6 million Wise customers
                                                                 Multi-user access with
       have ordered a Wise debit card to spend the money                                       ✓
       they hold with us.                                        roles & permissioning
                                                                   Accounting syncs &
                                                                                               ✓
                                                                            reporting




OUR PRODUCTS                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   13
       Wise Platform
       Wise Platform lets banks, including credit unions
       and financial institutions, and our enterprise
       partners to integrate Wise’s payments network into
       their own mobile applications or online banking.
       That way, they can provide their customers with
       faster, cheaper and more convenient international
       transfers, payments and disbursements.


       With Wise Platform, banks and our enterprise
       partners cut their operational costs and obtain
       access to our 24/7 support and compliance
       infrastructure. The integrations are built using our
       open API, and are free for Wise Platform clients.


       Wise Platform also allows distribution partners, such
       as core banking software and technology services
       providers, to enhance their own product offerings
       by pre-integrating Wise or facilitating easier
       integrations for Banks.


       We’ve completed Wise Platform integrations with
       14 banks in ten countries across four continents,
       partnering with both leading neobanks such as
       Monzo and N26, as well as traditional banks such
       as Stanford Federal Credit Union. We’ve also
       completed integrations with 7 enterprise partners,
       including with Xero, Emburse and Google Pay,
       and work with 11 distribution partners, including
       Tememos and Thought Machine.




OUR PRODUCTS                                                   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   14
A Wise year.
                                                                                                              We partnered up with the United
                                                                                                              Nations Foundation (UNF), Coalition
                                                                                                              for Epidemic Preparedness
                                                                                                              Innovations (CEPI), and Gavi, the         Our partnership with inclusive
                                                                                                              Vaccine Alliance to waive fees on         neobank Pockit went live for
                                                      The FCA granted us a licence                            international donations towards the       their 500,000 customers.
                                                      to offer a whole new product!                           global rollout of the Covid 19 vaccine.
        We kicked the financial year
                                                      We’ll soon be letting people
        off with a bang, dropping fees                                                                        Emburse, a global leader in expense                                               We welcomed two new
                                                      and businesses hold their
        from JPY by up to 24%.                                                                                management, integrated the Wise                                                   board members: Tan Hooi
                                                      money in different asset types
                                                      on their Wise account.                                  Platform API, making it faster and                                                Ling*, co-founder of Grab,
                                                                                                              cheaper for their customers to                                                    and Clare Gilmartin*,
                                                                                                              manage international expenses.                                                    former CEO of Trainline.

        2020

        Apr                  May                      July                       Sept                         Oct                  Nov                  Dec                  Feb                March
                                                                                                                                                                                                2021




                             Paying bills got a whole lot less                                                                                                               TransferWise became Wise!
                             painful for Xero customers. Pay                     We lowered prices for currency
                             with Wise launched as a new,                        routes used for 76% of customers                  Wise landed in Indonesia,
                             domestic bill payment solution,
                                                                                                                                   launching money transfer
                             giving UK businesses a simple,                      In the same month, the Wise                       services to 80 countries.
                             fast, and secure way to pay and                     account landed in Japan, and
                             manage bills with Xero.                             we received direct access to                      In the same month, we also added
                                                                                 Hungary’s instant payment system,                 savings Jars to the Wise account.
                                                                                 speeding up payments for our                      They give customers the option to
                                                                                 Hungarian customers.                              tuck money away for a rainy day,
                                                                                                                                   or a week on the beach.




TITLE
FOUNDER REVIEW                   *Director designate. Approved by the Board on 2 February 2021 and expected                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   15
                                 to be formally appointed after regulatory clearances are obtained.
Founder review

                 We started this mission a decade ago.

                 I’d just been ripped off while sending money from my UK bank to
                 my Estonian account. The bank hid a mark-up in the exchange rate,
                 and I lost a chunk of my savings.


                 The same thing had happened to my co-founder, Taavet, in reverse.
                 We realised we could do better by helping each other and cutting
                 out our banks. We then got together and started working on a new,
                 better system that could do this for everyone. In 2011, that system
                 became TransferWise.


                 Today, over 10 million people and businesses use Wise to move and
                 manage their money around the world, saving more than a billion
                 pounds a year, and supporting our fight against hidden fees.


                 In 2021, we changed our name to Wise, to catch up with our new
                 features beyond transfers, and to suit the community we’re building
                 for: people who live multi-currency lives, or run multi-currency
                 businesses, who want to be smart with their money.


                 In the last year, we made some incredible progress on this journey
                 to build a cheaper, faster, fairer way of moving money.




FOUNDER REVIEW                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   16
                 Throughout this year we continued to invest in our infrastruc-         some of our most requested integrations and features to life,
                 ture, which will make our service even better across our four          with the introduction of team access for business customers, and
                 core products.                                                         direct integrations with accountancy software providers Xero,
                                                                                        QuickBooks, and FreeAgent.
                 That investment helped us drop prices for over three-quarters
                 of our customers this year. Our average price per transfer is now      Whilst it’s early days, we’ve also seen increasing demand for our
                 0.69%, which is a fraction of what the banks charge. And we’re         API, Wise Platform, from banks and big businesses. The platform
                 faster than ever, with 38% of all payments being made instantly.       lets businesses and banks give their own customers faster, cheaper,
                                                                                        more efficient international payments with Wise infrastructure.
                 Our original product, Wise Transfer, continues to grow into            Their customers get a smooth transfer experience in their native
                 new territories, and we’ve improved the experience in                  app, and they gain a competitive advantage.
                 existing countries.
                                                                                        Our customers’ customers do their international banking on the
                 On-boarding is now faster, with more efficient checks, and             Wise Platform via 14 bank integrations, and 7 enterprise partners.
                 increasingly automated document verification. 57% of business          In FY2021 we expanded our platform offering into Switzerland and
                 customers are now up and running within 24 hours.                      Singapore, via neobanks Neon and Aspire.


                 Our estimated transfer delivery times are now more accurate for
                 senders, and we’ve built a new tool for recipients to track the
                 arriving payment — even if they’re not Wise customers themselves.
                                                                                        Covid-19 has impacted the way we all live and
                 The Wise Account has become essential for millions of people and       work, and Wise is no exception.
                 businesses managing money across borders, and in FY2021, we
                                                                                        At the beginning of the pandemic, we saw a slight reduction
                 expanded what it can do for them.
                                                                                        in customer activity. But by the end of the fiscal year, we had
                                                                                        processed £54 billion in cross-border volumes, and saw 39%
                 Customers can now hold money in 56 different currencies, and get
                                                                                        revenue growth. It showed that even in a time of great uncertainty,
                 local account numbers for 5 additional currencies — Singapore,
                                                                                        people and businesses still need to send money abroad, and our
                 Canada, Hungary, Romania, and Turkey — to make a total of 10.
                                                                                        customers continue to rely on Wise.

                 We also added jars, and scheduled transfers, and brought the Wise
                                                                                        The pandemic kept most of our Wisers (employees) home for
                 debit card to more countries. We set up new partnerships with Visa
                                                                                        months, and our offices are still well under capacity, but we
                 and Mastercard in 2021, which will let us launch Wise debit cards in
                                                                                        maintained our services with minimal disruption. We even
                 more countries, adding to our existing 1.6 million card users.
                                                                                        successfully hired and on-boarded over 650 new people over
                                                                                        the past year.
                 Wise Business continues to be one of our fastest growing products.
                 In FY2021, over 300,000 businesses used our services — from
                 sole traders, to SMBs and larger companies. We’ve brought



FOUNDER REVIEW                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   17
                 We have so much more to do

                 Banks, PayPal, Western Union and others continue to mark up
                 exchange rates in foreign currency transactions with their hidden
                 profit margins. Some advertise these as ‘free’, others charge a small
                 wire fee, hoping customers won’t notice the real cost from the
                 tampered exchange rate.


                 The cost of transfers is still too high. In December 2020, the World
                 Bank put the global average total cost of remittance at 6.51% of the
                 transfer value. (Compared to the average Wise price at the end of
                 the fiscal year of 0.69%).


                 Wise is currently moving around 2.5% of the money sent by people
                 around the world, which is approximately only £1 in every £40.


                 This leaves 97.5% of the mission left to complete.


                 Here’s to the next ten revolutionary years.


                 Kristo Käärmann, Director




FOUNDER REVIEW                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   18
CFO review                                                                                                  Cross-currency volume

                                                                                                             £42 billion                      FY2020
                                                                                                                                                                                   Adjusted EBITDA*

                                                                                                                                                                                   £68 million FY2020
                                                                                                             £54 billion                               FY2021                      £109 million                         FY2021




                                                                                                            Revenue                                                                Profit before tax

                                                                                                             £303 million                  FY2020                                  £20 million FY2020
                                                                                                             £421 million                               FY2021                     £41 million                          FY2021




                                                                                                            General business review and Key Performance
                                                                                                            Indicators (“KPI”)

                                                                                                            Our mission is to create the best way to move and manage money
                                                                                                            around the world.


                                                                                                            We have a relentless focus on solving the problems facing our
                                                                                                            customers whilst building a sustainable and profitable business to
                                                                                                            support this mission.


                                                                                                            In doing this, and in particular, bringing transparency and fairness
                                                                                                            into how we price our products, we’ve found a common ground
                                                                                                            of creating massive value for our customers and also for our
                                                                                                            shareholders.


                                                                                                            Today, the majority of customers come to us to make cross-border
                                                                                                            payments. So that’s what customers pay us the most fees for, and
                                                                                                            hence from a finance perspective, how we earn the majority of
                                                                                                            our revenue.


CFO FINANCIAL REVIEW   *Adjusted EBITDA: Profit for the year excluding the impact of income taxes, finance expenses,                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   19
                       depreciation and amortisation, share based payment compensation expense and exceptional items.
                       The fees we charge for a payment are always transparent. If you       Whilst customers typically join us for our low and transparent
                       make a transfer on our platform for £1,000 to euros today, this is    prices, they continue using us as our price, speed, convenience
                       what you see:                                                         and coverage is an order of magnitude better than alternatives.
                                                                                             As a result, the average annual volume per active customer
                                                                                             remained stable at around £9,100.


                                                                                             We processed £54.4 billion in cross-border payments in FY2021,
                                                                                             which was a 30% increase vs FY2020.


                                                                                             This volume growth has driven our revenue growth, which as stated
                                                                                             earlier is a function of the volume our customers move and also of
                                                                                             the prices we charge our customers. If you were sending £1,000 to
                                                                                             euros six years ago, it would have cost you £5. It costs £3.69 today.
                                                                                             We’ve cut the price by more than a quarter. And at the same time,
                                                                                             we’ve turned from a loss-making business into a profitable, cash
                                                                                             generating business.


                                                                                             But so far we’ve only talked about the fees paid by our customers
                                                                                             on cross-border payments. Overall we have seen our take rate
                                                                                             increase in recent years. This is thanks to the launch of the Wise
                                                                                             Account, which has seen customers also use Wise to make
                                                                                             payments in their local currency, for which we charge a fee, and
                       We charge £3.69. That’s broken up into a fixed fee of 20 pence and    also spend on their Wise debit card, for which we earn some
                       variable fee of £3.49. What you see is what you pay, and also the     interchange income. In the year ended 31 March 2021 we saw this
                       revenue that we recognise. There are no spreads or hidden fees in     take rate increase from 0.73% of volume to 0.77%.
                       these payments.
                                                                                             So in the last financial year, we generated £421.0 million in revenue,
                       We earn revenue from personal customers and business customers.       which was a 39% increase vs the previous financial year.
                       Active customers are customers who’ve made a cross-border
                       payment in the relevant period, whether that’s via Wise Transfer      On that revenue of £421.0 million, we have a 62% gross margin.
                       or via their Wise Account. So our revenue is a function of the (1)    This means it turned into £260.5 million of gross profit in the last
                       number of active customers, (2) the volume per active customer,       year. And that margin has been very steady over time.
                       and (3) the fees we receive (or our “take-rate” as we call it).
                                                                                             This growth in gross profit, largely driven by volume growth, means
                       In the year ended 31 March 2021, we had 5.7 million active personal   we have more cash that we can invest back into our customers.
                       customers and 305,000 active business customers. And both             And whenever we build better customer experiences, it drives more
                       segments are growing rapidly vs prior year; with personal growing     volume and more scale. This means we get to a lower unit cost and
                       at 27% and business growing at 58%.                                   even more capacity to invest.

CFO FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   20
                       We have three ways of reinvesting those gross margins.                   In summary, our growth has been fuelled by building products
                                                                                                and features that customers love and recommend. We re-invest
                       We invest in marketing. Although two-thirds of our customers join        our margins into improving our product and customer experience,
                       us through recommendations, we also invest in marketing to reach         marketing to help spread the word, and sustainably lowering prices.
                       new customers, but only if this pays back sustainably. This drives
                       more customers to our platform, which in turn drives more volume         Our focus on our mission will not change as we continue to
                       and scale, and lowers our unit costs.                                    grow and scale, and neither will our focus on building a strong,
                                                                                                sustainable and cash-generating business that is best placed to
                       We invest in our platform. We invest heavily in our engineering          address the evolving needs of our customers.
                       teams, and in launching new features and products. This drives a
                       better customer experience, more word of mouth referrals, and            We’ve just got started, and have a long way to go.
                       also lowers our unit costs.
                                                                                                Onwards.
                       And of course, we also re-invest in sustainably lowering prices for
                       our customers.                                                           Matt Briers, CFO


                       In the year ended 31 March 2021, administrative expenses increased
                       29% year over year to £217.5 million, but were in fact lower than
                       planned due to cautious hiring in the face of initial uncertainty at
                       the onset of the pandemic, combined with a reduction in spend
                       on certain items (e.g. travel). This resulted in a higher than planned
                       Adjusted EBITDA margin of 26% (2020: 23%) which corresponds
                       to £108.7 million of Adjusted EBITDA (2020: £68.2 million).
                       Our profit before tax for the year was £41.1 million (2020: £20.4
                       million). We’re incredibly proud that this is our fifth consecutive
                       year of profitability.


                       We’ve got over £4 billion of cash-type balances. Importantly this
                       includes £3.7 billion of Wise Account customer deposits, which we
                       keep safeguarded and readily available. But this also includes £286.1
                       million of our “own cash”, and this cash balance is increasing thanks
                       to the cash generating qualities of the business we’ve built.


                       We are well capitalised for the future and as at 31 March 2021, our
                       group eligible capital of £170.2 million is significantly above the
                       minimum requirements set by our regulators around the world.




CFO FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   21
Our people.
                                                2,419 90+ 17
                                                people               nationalities   countries
                                                                                                         48%
                                                                                                          women
                                                                                                                                                  51%
                                                                                                                                                     men




                                                                                                                                1%
                                                                                                                            not declared




             We’re a global tech company with a big mission and a start-up                  We also facilitated over 300 opportunities for existing employees
             heart, and we strive to keep the magic of our culture alive as                 to apply for and secure new roles to further their impact and
             we scale.                                                                      growth in Wise.


             As at 31st March 2021, we were 2,419 people, from 90+ nationalities,           At Wise, freedom, autonomy, and trust are baked into our culture.
             working in 17 countries around the world. By current legal                     People grow and advance by stepping outside their comfort zone,
             definitions of gender, our employee population represents 51%                  and making a difference into our customers’ lives.
             male, 48% women, 1% not declared. We recognise that not
             everyone’s gender identity fits within this binary, and not everyone           We invest in our employees’ growth from the point of on-boarding
             is yet legally able to be defined as the gender that they would like           through to learning and development, knowledge sharing, and
             to be, and we’d like to be more inclusive. In the near future, we’re           regular 360 degree feedback.
             planning to allow employees to list the gender (if any) that they
             most identify with, and will report accordingly.                               We continue to be proud of our Glassdoor rating, currently at 4.4.


             Hiring people who care deeply about our mission, and are
             guided by our values, is crucial to our success and growth as an
             organisation. Last financial year, we hired over 650 new Wisers who
             want to help us make a positive, important change in the world.




OUR PEOPLE                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   22
             We believe that when     Ongoing response to Covid-19.                                  To support this, we offer all employees 1 day of paid leave
                                                                                                     per year to volunteer their time and energy to causes they

             our people feel good     Like most, we are still living with the COVID-19 pandemic      care about in their local communities. In addition to this,
                                      in the communities we operate and work in. Our main            when we (normally) come together twice yearly for Wise
                                                                                                     Days, we take the time to help local grassroots initiatives
             this shows in the work
                                      priority continues to be offering a disruption-free service
                                      to our customers, whilst maintaining the well-being of our     by giving employee time to good causes. However, as the
                                      team. At the time of writing, the majority of our employees    pandemic has meant that we could not be together, we
             they do.                 continue to primarily work from home whilst local              have given time and resources in the following ways:
                                      restrictions remain in place, but where it has been safe and
                                      permitted to do so, we have been reopening our offices in      • Mentoring young people across educational outreach
                                      line with respective government guidelines.                      and community start-up events in the UK & Estonia

                                                                                                     • Supporting young entrepreneurs across Europe with the
                                      In September 2020, we announced that hybrid working was          annual 20 Under 20 Competition
                                      here to stay at Wise. Hybrid working offers employees the
                                      flexibility to work from offices, from home or occasionally,   • Input into the development of tech courses to be part of
                                      remotely for up to 90 days per year. The principles for          a future school curriculum and volunteering as substitute
                                      making this work is grounded in our employees being:             teachers at local schools in Estonia.

                                                                                                     We have committed a portion of our revenue to the
                                      • Safe                                                         following environmental and social impact initiatives:
                                      • Able to work from anywhere they need to be (compliant
                                        with any restrictions such as national lockdowns)            • We built and a donation platform and fully funded all
                                                                                                       donations to three organisations (GAVI, CEPI, and the UN
                                      • Adhering to local tax and immigration laws                     Foundation) to deliver fair access to a COVID-19 vaccine
                                      • Empowered to tap into the power of being together.           • In the wake of the murder of George Floyd we
                                                                                                       committed to a donation as well as supported our
                                      Looking after our communities                                    employees and demonstrated our commitment that
                                      & the environment.                                               Black Lives Matter

                                                                                                     • We have provided international payments advice to
                                      In the last year, we started building out a more                 international child maintenance agencies, and work
                                      comprehensive and proactive approach to CSR. As part of          closely with consumer organizations in numerous
                                      our mission is to create a more open world, we continue          countries to drive improved consumer outcomes.
                                      to be committed to making an active contribution to the
                                      communities we live in, inside and outside of our main         Emission Zero is our response to the climate crisis and our
                                      roles. Consistent with the way we work, we empower our         commitment to be carbon neutral remains.
                                      employees to solve the problems they see a solution to.


OUR PEOPLE                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   23
             A year into our journey we have taken actions moving us        should feel like they belong, that they’re treated fairly and
             closer to as ‘close to zero’ as possible, including:           consistently so we all have the same opportunities.


             • Switching to clean power in our Tallinn office               We’re proud of the progress we’ve made over the last year:

             • Acquiring Renewable Energy Certificates for our New
                                                                            Some highlights of our work:
               York and Tampa offices and working towards the same
               for our other offices where clean power isn’t available
                                                                            • Published external career maps and salary
             • Using sustainable materials for our London office              bands for Engineering, Analytics and Product to
               expansions — like our new phone booths, made from              increase transparency
               1,088 recycled plastic bottles!
                                                                            • Introduced ‘values based interview training’ to evaluate
             • Forming an internal guild of employees passionate about        candidates fairly and consistently, with added structure
               climate change initiatives and the work we are doing at        that supports a more objective selection process when
               Wise, represented by nearly 10% of the workforce               assessing candidates

             • Beginning carbon offsetting spending $130,000, this year     • Launched our first sponsored cohort for a product
               we will meet our commitment of minimum $11 per tonne           management program through Product School, made up
                                                                              of female and non-binary students and
             The work doesn’t stop there and our 3 principles ‘Measure,       Wise employees
             Reduce, Offset’ will continue to support our efforts and we
                                                                            • Worked with our communities to educate, inspire and
             know the next focus area will be travel in a post pandemic
                                                                              drive action on topics of inclusion:
             world. We anticipate needing to further reduce our travel.
             This year, we invested in carbon removal projects in                •   Running listening forums and creating a guide
             Reforestation, Biochar and Bio-oil sequestration resulting              for Leads to support Wisers who were impacted
             in offsetting 20% of our carbon footprint from where it                 during the Black Lives Matter protests
             was the year before. Our footprint calculation for 2021 will
                                                                                 •   Providing a guide for Wisers to support colleagues
             be reviewed later this year and we will be publicly sharing
                                                                                     who are fasting during Ramadan
             the steps and progress made on our website. We are also
             working towards complying with the Streamlined energy               •   Marking International Women’s Day with an event
             and carbon reporting requirements (SECR) in FY2022.                     for aspiring female and non-binary students
                                                                                     looking to kick-start a career in Engineering
             Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at Wise.                              •   Celebrating Black History Month in February with
                                                                                     a series of talks, film club discussions and historical
             We’re committed to building a product that leaves no one                “reflections”
             behind on our mission. Diversity will enable us to reflect
             and serve our customers and inclusion will ensure we retain,        •   Planning for a global LGBTQ+ Pride celebration
             develop and promote the best people at Wise. Every Wiser                this summer and publishing our transitioning at
                                                                                     work guidance

OUR PEOPLE                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   24
             But there is much more to do. We’re focused on a global         Code of conduct
             diversity and inclusion (D&I) strategy for Wise which will
             help us to build a product for our diverse customer base        Our Code of Conduct helps guide all our employees about
             and ensure that inclusion is an essential, not an initiative.   what is expected of those working at Wise, and how we
                                                                             care about them. It’s made up of 3 important pillars - how
             Equal pay approach and Gender Pay Gap                           we look after each other, our customers and Wise overall.
                                                                             We strongly believe in empowering our employees to speak
             In the UK, we publicly shared our Gender Pay Gap data           out about anything that makes them feel uncomfortable,
             for the second time and an update on our commitments            so that they know how to raise any issues in a safe and
             towards progress. Our data from the latest published            confidential way.
             report (2020/21 reporting year) told us that while
             improvement across our median pay gap had been
             promising, it was clear we still had some issues to address
             to achieve further parity. As we embark on the next round
             of reporting of our employee population (2021/22), we feel
             confident that efforts of the past year and continued focus
             on our chosen initiatives this past year have moved us
             further in the right direction.


             Globally, we are committed to fairness and equality in
             compensation. Wise uses a benchmarking and pay
             banding system to make sure everyone is paid fairly for
             the same role. We also make all our pay bands available
             for employees to view internally, to increase transparency
             and empower our people. Wise is fully compliant with the
             Equal Pay Act.




OUR PEOPLE                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   25
Risk management
                                  Our approach to Risk Management

                                  We’ve developed a structured and comprehensive approach we
                                  refer to as our Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) to
                                  manage the risks in our business.. Embedding the ERMF has been
                                  an area of particular focus for Wise in the year ended 31 March
                                  2021. The key elements of this framework are as follows:


                                  • Risk Strategy: We take risks consciously, in an informed manner.      • Risk Governance: To ensure that decisions are made not only
                                    We classify the risks that can harm us and our customers and we         with the right information but in the right way and by the appro-
                                    build mechanisms to manage and reduce these where necessary.            priate people, we have a clear infrastructure for governance. Risk
                                                                                                            management acts as a key cornerstone of how we take decisions
                                  • Risk Culture: Embedding a culture of risk awareness and a
                                                                                                            and oversee how our business is performing and growing.
                                    sense of individual ownership for risk is essential as we trust our
                                    people to always do the right thing for our customers and for         • Risk Practice: We have tools which help our people to identify
                                    Wise. Key to this are the values we set for the organisation being      and manage risks on a day to day basis. It is consistent and used
                                    personified by our leader and lived by all Wisers.                      by all Wisers to ensure we are speaking the same language when
                                                                                                            it comes to risk management.
                                  • Risk Appetite: Once risks are identified and understood, we set
                                    a clear structure of monitoring around our main risks and draw
                                    a clear line across which we’ll not step. Our people can see how
                                    our risks perform and can use the information to inform how they
                                    take decisions in the continued growth of our business.




TITLE
OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   26
                                  Three Lines of Defence
                                  Wise has a system of risk management and internal control based on the three lines of
                                  defence model. First line teams own and manage risk, second line risk and compliance teams
                                  provide oversight, the third line independent assurance is performed by internal audit.



                            1st Line                             Leadership Team                                                                                     Legal
                            The business, including              Sets the overall risk universe and risk appetite, driving the risk and compliance                   Provides first-line legal
                            Leadership Team                      agenda as the ultimate body for risk, control and compliance.                                       advice to the teams to
                                                                                                                                                                     enable them to effectively
                                                                 Teams/ Tribes                                                                                       manage their risks and
                                                                 Identify, assess and mitigate as well as set controls for risk within their areas,                  remain compliant.
                                                                 defining business-owned compliance policies and execute compliance activity.


                                                                 Wisers
                                                                 Embed risk and compliance requirements into decisions, with a conscious
                                                                 and deliberate approach to risk, compliance and actions for remediation.


                            2nd Line                             Risk and Compliance Teams
                            Standard setters, risk and
                                                                    Risk Team                                                         Compliance Team
                            compliance advisors/ SMEs
                                                                    Defines company wide risk framework, and supports                 Defines overall company compliance policy framework
                            and oversight/ monitoring
                                                                    the Leadership Team in defining overall risk universe             and assigns ownership for policy areas.
                            providers
                                                                    and risk appetite.                                                Provides assurance that the business is compliant to
                                                                    Oversees and monitors risk management across the                  policies and procedures, and operates critical cross-team
                                                                    business - challenging the business on risk                       compliance policies.
                                                                    management practices.



                            3rd Line                             Internal Audit
                            Independent assurance                Provides cross discipline independent audit services to cover all areas of the business.
                            providers




OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   27
                            1. Strategic risk
                                   The risk that we don’t successfully execute on our mission, or our business model is not sustainable over the long-term.
                                   We face a number of risks that may impact our growth.


                                   Competition risk:                                                                      Expansion risk:
                                   We welcome competition, and as a disruptor we cannot assume                            We have grown Wise through expanding our product and service
                                   we will never ourselves become disrupted. There may be other                           offering into new markets. When we enter into new markets, we
                                   companies who create better products and services for our                              often require local approvals and/or licences or a local financial
                                   customers in the future. Further, we’ve built products and services                    institution to operate. We may be unable to obtain or maintain the
                                   that customers recommend, powered by intuitive design and                              necessary approvals and licences, or local financial institutions to
                                   supported by a strong customer experience. If, as we scale, we can’t                   work with, restricting our ability to operate and grow our business.
                                   sustain this level of customer service, strong brand, or reputation,                   To manage this risk we have a dedicated team that opens new
                                   we may lose existing customers to competitors or fail to gain                          markets around the world.
                                   new customers. We seek to mitigate this by obsessively focusing
                                   on solving the problems facing our customers, and continually                          Legal and regulatory:
                                   measuring and improving the performance of our offering for                            Wise is dependent on the provision of licences and access
                                   our customers.                                                                         to payments infrastructure. If changes were made to laws or
                                                                                                                          regulations in any country we operated or sought to operate this
                                   Macro-economic risk:                                                                   would harm our strategic execution. For example, the imposition of
                                   Global and economic changes can reduce the demand for our                              barriers to non-banks directly accessing payments infrastructure,
                                   products and services. Both the world and its economy are                              including central bank clearing systems, would impact on our ability
                                   becoming more global. Shocks to economies and how people                               to compete with banks.
                                   and businesses operate can have either a short or longer term
                                   impact on our business. We have developed a globally diverse and
                                   economically sustainable business, with strong capital reserves.
                                   Further, and fortunately, our customer volumes have been resilient
                                   through the Covid pandemic thus far, although we take caution as
                                   the long term impact of this is still uncertain.




OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT.                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   28
           2. Operational risk
                The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, financial crime, people risks and risks from external events.
                We face a range of operational risks which can impact our profitability and our reputation with customers.


                Information Security Risk                                              IT Infrastructure Risk                                                  and accounting, credit exposure, foreign exchange risk,
                Wise complies with multiple industry standards for                     We are dependent on the ability of our products and                     regulatory compliance and other aspects of our business.
                information security and is certified compliant with SOC 1             services to be compatible with and to integrate with a                  We will continue to monitor and develop these internal
                type 2, SOC 2 type 2, PCI-DSS and ISO 27001 standards.                 variety of operating systems, software and hardware as                  controls as our business expands.
                We continuously develop our information security                       well as web browsers that we do not control, including the
                framework to meet emerging threats and our expert                      systems of our partners. Any changes in these systems that              Fraud Risk
                security and privacy teams work closely with product                   degrade the functionality of our products and services,                 Various third parties and internal parties may attempt to
                delivery teams to ensure design meets the required                     impose additional costs or requirements on us, could                    engage in variety of fraudulent activity using our products
                standard, including conducting security reviews and data               materially and adversely affect usage of our products                   and services. For example, an employee could knowingly
                privacy risk assessments. We run cyber-incident simulations            and services. To manage this risk we perform regular                    or unknowingly process changes to bank account details
                to test our incident response plans.                                   assessments on the technical availability of our products               that are unauthorised by the customer which could result
                                                                                       and services, completing thorough onboarding checks                     in a pay-out of funds to inappropriate persons. Third
                Data Privacy Risk                                                      on partners, regular updates and repairs to software as                 parties have in the past, and may in the future, impersonate
                Protecting our customers’ personal data and respecting                 needed, as well as checks on our physical hardware.                     financial service providers, including Wise, in order to
                their privacy rights is key to building and maintaining trust                                                                                  fraudulently secure the transfer of funds from customers.
                in the Wise brand. To achieve this, we ensure we have the              Key Third-party Risk                                                    The measures we take to detect, prevent and stop these
                right people, policies and processes, systems and controls             We are dependent upon certain third-party service                       types of fraudulent activities may not be effective against
                to appropriately manage data privacy risk. We provide                  providers in order to provide our products and services.                new and continually evolving forms of fraud. Any instances
                full details to our customers and other stakeholders on                So we monitor carefully any dependencies, carefully                     of fraud can lead to fines and impact our reputation.
                the personal data we collect, how and why we use that                  choose our providers and also put in place redundancy
                data, and how we manage and protect it. We fully support               wherever possible.                                                      People Risk
                customer and stakeholder privacy rights in each jurisdiction                                                                                   Our past performance is a function of the continued
                and provide simple methods for customers to exercise                   Financial Control Risk                                                  services and contributions of our founder-led team of
                those rights and raise concerns about their data privacy.              Our business relies on accurate and timely controls in                  employees. Recruiting and retaining the right skills may
                Where we share data with third parties, we work closely                relation to our finances. We have a low risk appetite for               become more difficult or more costly if the people with the
                with them to ensure appropriate privacy safeguards are in              any failure of these internal controls as such failures could           skills we require were to be in short supply.
                place as required by applicable data privacy laws.                     cause financial loss, but also reduce trust in our brand
                                                                                       and harm our ability to attract and retain customers and
                                                                                       partners. Such internal controls and procedures regulate
                                                                                       customer and management information, financial reporting




OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT.                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   29
          3. Financial risk
                The risk that we fail to have adequate financial resources, including solvency risks and our ability to meet our payment obligations.
                We face a range of financial risks which can impact our profitability, capital and liquidity position.


                Market Risk                                                            Prudential Risk                                                  Tax Risk
                We are exposed to foreign exchange movements, and                      We have focused on being sustainable as a business and           Wise acknowledges the critical role of tax revenues for
                excessive volatility can impact our profitability. On most             making sure we have adequate financial resources to              society and our goal is to be compliant with all global taxes
                transfers, we guarantee our customers the mid-market                   operate our business and provide capacity to sustain shocks      obligations which apply to us. Our global tax obligations
                exchange rate, which is the midpoint between the price                 and stresses. Some of the jurisdictions where we operate,        are ever increasing as the business expands, including
                the market is willing to pay for a currency and the price              like the UK, require us to comply with certain regulatory        obligations to share information, including under the OECD
                at which the market is willing to sell a currency. When a              capital and liquidity requirements. The nature of our            CRS regulations and US FATCA. Despite our efforts to
                customer initiates a Wise Transfer, in most cases, this rate           business as well as the requirements placed on payments          be compliant, from time to time, Tax authorities around
                is guaranteed for a limited period of time to allow the                companies are evolving so we will monitor to make sure our       the world may not agree with our historic determinations
                customer to fund their transfer. This creates an exposure              business model generates the capital and liquidity needed.       with respect to the application of tax law or those local
                and hence a risk and is fundamental to our product                                                                                      financial institutions we work with and this might lead to
                operation. We actively accept these and so have measures               As at 31 March 2021, Group eligible capital of £170.2 million,   an assessment for increased tax payments, interest and
                in place to monitor and manage our risk of foreign                     which is significantly above the the minimum requirements        penalties. Via our specialist internal tax team and local tax
                exchange movement, including both natural and actively                 set by our regulators around the world. Following the            advisers, we manage this risk.
                managed hedges.                                                        authorization from the FCA one of the Group’s subsidiary
                                                                                       (TINV Ltd.) is regulated under the UK CRR, hence the Group
                Credit Risk                                                            is now required to disclose regulatory capital information
                We are subject to credit risks in respect of counterparties,           in its Pillar 3 disclosures and will do so by making the
                including other financial institutions where we hold                   disclosures available in the Group’s website.
                significant sums of deposits. We have a low risk appetite
                for taking unnecessary risk as to the financial soundness              Financing Risk
                and credit worthiness of these institutions. One institution           We are profitable and cash generating so we have not
                appropriating funds, defaulting, failing a stress test or              needed to raise capital to fund our business for many
                requiring bail-in by its shareholders, creditors and/or                years. We have and will likely continue to use debt to fund
                respective governments could lead to significant liquidity             elements of our working capital, which can bring operating,
                problems and losses, or defaults by other institutions.                financial and other restrictions on the business. Our existing
                We have a policy to manage and monitor our exposures                   revolving credit facility contains operating and financial
                across institutions such that we don’t cause undue harm                restrictions that could impact our ability to operate our
                to customers or our business and have a policy and                     business as freely as we would like. We seek to manage our
                monitoring processes.                                                  business and funding lines such that we remain comfortably
                                                                                       within these constraints.


OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT.                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   30
                           4. Compliance risk
                                   The risk of incorrect interpretation, implementation, and compliance with regulatory requirements applicable to Wise.
                                   We are subject to an evolving range of regulatory, legal and tax requirements. Our failure to meet these requirements,
                                   or significant changes in these regimes, can have an impact on our business.


                                   Regulatory Compliance Risk                                                             Financial Crime Risk
                                   Whilst we are headquartered in the United Kingdom, we operate in                       We are subject to laws aimed at preventing money laundering,
                                   many countries and hence, as part of our licences or authorisations,                   corruption and the financing of terrorism. As such, we have
                                   we are required to comply with a significant number of regulatory                      policies and procedures in place to seek to prevent situations of
                                   conditions. As a licenced payments and e-money business, we                            money laundering, terrorist-financing, bribery or corruption or
                                   are required to comply with safeguarding requirements to protect                       non-compliance with sanctions. However, should these controls
                                   customer funds received in connection with the provision of our                        and processes fail, such events may have severe consequences.
                                   services. Any failure by us to comply with these obligations could                     A failure to adopt effective measures against fraud, money
                                   result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions and                       laundering, corruption and terrorism financing or non-compliance
                                   impact our ability to do business in certain jurisdictions.                            with sanctions may lead to regulatory proceedings and penalties by
                                                                                                                          supervisory authorities.
                                   As such we manage the risk that our controls, policies and
                                   procedures will not fully prevent failures to comply with all
                                   applicable regulatory requirements. Each licensed entity is
                                   monitored to ensure the entity’s capital is sufficiently above
                                   the local regulatory capital requirements.




OUR APPROACH TO RISK MANAGEMENT.                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   31
Governance
at Wise.
In accordance with the Companies Act 2006 (the ‘Act’) (as amended by the Companies
(Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018), the Directors provide this statement describing    1. Purpose and
                                                                                                   Leadership.
how they have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1) of the Act, when performing
their duty to promote the success of the Company, under section 172. In accordance with the
Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 as
amended by the Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018, this statement also          At Wise, we know that we can build the fastest, make the
provides details of how the Directors have engaged with and had regard to the interest of our     most progress on our mission when we work in independent,
key stakeholders - customers, employees, shareholders, the community and the environment.         autonomous teams. Our Board and leaders make sure we have
                                                                                                  the resources, that everything we do is aligned to our mission,
                                                                                                  but it’s up to our teams to set their own strategy and work
                                                                                                  together to achieve the impact in their domain. So while the
                                                                                                  Board does not set our strategy in the traditional way, it does
                                                                                                  oversee, review and challenge it, ensuring that it keeps us on
                                                                                                  track to achieve our mission.




GOVERNANCE
TITLE      AT WISE                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   32
                     2. Board Composition.
                       Our board was composed of nine directors as at 31 March 2021:




                       Kristo Käärmann                                                  Taavet Hinrikus                                   Matthew Briers*
                       Chief Executive Officer                                          Executive Chairman                                Chief Financial Officer
                       Age: 40                                                          Age: 39                                           Age: 44

                       Kristo Käärmann is the Chief Executive Officer                   Taavet Hinrikus is the Chairman of the Company,   Matthew is Chief Financial Officer of the
                       of Wise, which he co-founded in 2010. Prior to                   which he co-founded in 2010. Prior to starting    Company. Matt joined the Wise team in 2015
                       that he was a consultant at Deloitte and PwC.                    Wise, Taavet was Skype’s director of strategy     from Google, where he was Head of Sales
                       He holds a Bachelor’s and Master’s degree from                   until 2008, starting as its first employee.       Finance for Google UK. Matt previously held
                       University of Tartu.                                                                                               the role of Head of Strategy for Asset Finance
                                                                                        He’s also an angel investor and advisor with      at Lloyds Banking Group, as well as managerial
                                                                                        investments including Tweetdeck, Mendeley,        positions at Bain & Company and Capital One.
                                                                                        OMGPOP, Property Partner, Sunrise, Improbable
                                                                                        and Mapillar. He holds an MBA from INSEAD         He has nearly twenty years’ experience in
                                                                                        and a Bachelor’s degree from Tallinn University   the financial sector. He holds a Master of
                                                                                        of Technology.                                    Engineering in Engineering, Economics and
                                                                                                                                          Management from Oxford University.




GOVERNANCE AT WISE     *Director designate. Approved by the Board on 2 February 2021 and expected                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   33
                       to be formally appointed after regulatory clearances are obtained.
                     Roger Ehrenberg                                                  Clare Gilmartin*                                    Tan Hooi Ling*
                     Non-Executive Director                                           Independent Non-Executive Director                  Independent Non-Executive Director
                     Age: 55                                                          Age: 45                                             Age: 37
                     Roger Ehrenberg is the founder and Managing                      Clare joined the Board as Non-Executive             Hooi Ling joined the Board as Non-Executive
                     Partner of IA Ventures, an early-stage venture                   Director in 2021. Clare has been a high growth      Director in 2021. Hooi Ling Tan is the Co-
                     capital firm based in New York City, managing                    technology leader for close to twenty years.        Founder of Grab, Southeast Asia’s leading super
                     $475M across four funds. Earlier in his career,                  After a stint in management consulting with         app that offers users a wide range of on-demand
                     Roger served as CEO of DB Advisors, was                          BCG, Clare spent ten years growing eBay in          services in the region. Based in Singapore, she
                     Global co-head of Deutsche Bank’s Strategic                      Europe, latterly as VP eBay Europe. She then        oversees Grab’s operations. Prior to joining Grab
                     Equity Transactions Group, and was an invest-                    took over as CEO at Trainline in 2014, taking it    full-time in 2015, Hooi Ling led high priority
                     ment banker at Citibank in derivatives, capital                  from being a UK, rail only platform to being a      strategic and operational projects at Salesforce,
                     structuring and Mergers & Acquisitions. Roger                    pan European Technology leader. She led the         she specialised on Corporate Strategy, Corporate
                     currently sits on the Boards of Ethyca, Gospel                   business through a sale to KKR in 2015,             Operations, Pricing Intelligence & Monetization.
                     Technology, Mighty, Octane and Wise. He is also                  and then through a successful IPO in 2019.          Before joining Salesforce, Hooi Ling was a
                     a member of the External Advisory Board of                                                                           consultant at McKinsey & Company, advising
                     the Ross School of Business at the University of                 Clare is an advisor to Future Frontiers, a social   global clients on corporate strategy and
                     Michigan and the Data & Society Council of the                   enterprise that provides career guidance to         operations.
                     Data Science Institute at Columbia University.                   pupils from low income backgrounds, and is
                     Roger holds an MBA in Finance, Accounting and                    also an advocate for women in technology.           Hooi Ling is a member of the National University
                     Management from Columbia Business School and                     She holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Int) degree       of Singapore (NUS) Board of Trustees, and sits on
                     a BBA in Finance, Economics and Organizational                   from University College of Dublin, and was          the board of the Economic Development Board
                     Psychology from the University of Michigan.                      their Business Alumni of the year in 2019.          (EDB). Hooi Ling has a Bachelor of Engineering
                                                                                                                                          (Mechanical) from the University of Bath, and a
                                                                                                                                          Master of Business Administration from Harvard
                                                                                                                                          Business School.

GOVERNANCE AT WISE   *Director designate. Approved by the Board on 2 February 2021 and expected                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   34
                     to be formally appointed after regulatory clearances are obtained.
                     Alastair Rampell                                     Ingo Uytdehaage                                   David Wells
                     Non-Executive Director                               Independent Non-Executive Director                Senior Independent Non-Executive
                     Age: 39                                              Age: 47                                           Director
                                                                                                                            Age: 49
                     Alex Rampell joined the Board as Non-Executive       Ingo joined the Board as Non-Executive
                     Director in 2018. Alex is a General Partner at       Director in 2019. He is also currently the        David Wells joined the Board as Non-Executive
                     Andreessen Horowitz where he focuses on              CFO of Adyen and a Board member of Foam           Director in 2019. Prior to this, he served as
                     financial services. He serves on the board of        Museum, Amsterdam. Before joining Adyen,          Netflix’s CFO for 8 years, retiring in early 2019
                     Branch, Brightside, Descript, Divvy, Earnin,         he held the position of Finance Director at KPN   after nearly 15 years with the company and
                     FlyHomes, Loft, Mercury, PeerStreet, Point,          in The Hague. He has also held various roles in   having served as VP of Financial Planning and
                     Propel, Sentilink, Super Evil Mega Corp, Wise,       the telecommunication and retail industries,      Analysis prior to CFO. Prior to joining Netflix,
                     and Very Good Security. Alex additionally led        including diverse management functions at         David served in various roles at Deloitte
                     Andreessen Horowitz’s investments in OpenDoor        VendexKBB/Maxeda.                                 Consulting from 1998 to 2004 and in the non-
                     ($OPEN), Plaid, Quantopian (acquired by                                                                profit sector before getting his MBA. He holds
                     Robinhood), and Rival (acquired by LiveNation).      He has earned degrees from Maastricht             a joint MBA/MPP Magna Cum Laude from The
                                                                          University (MBA in accounting and finance),       University of Chicago and a Bachelor’s Degree
                     Prior to joining Andreessen Horowitz, Alex co-       Aarhus Business School in Denmark (MBA in         in Commerce from the University of Virginia.
                     founded multiple companies including Affirm          supply chain management and organisational
                     ($AFRM), which he co-founded with Max                behaviour) and the Vrije Universiteit in
                     Levchin, FraudEliminator (acquired by McAfee in      Amsterdam (Post Graduate, CPA).
                     2006), Point, TrialPay (acquired by Visa in 2015),
                     TXN (acquired by Envestnest in 2019), and Yub
                     (acquired by Coupons.com in 2013). He holds a
                     BA in Applied Mathematics and Computer
                     Science from Harvard University.


GOVERNANCE AT WISE                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   35
                     3. Director
                        Responsibilities.
                       Our Board, led by the Executive Chairman meets every quarter and     The Board, when making decisions, considers amongst other
                       on an adhoc basis when required to:                                  matters, the likely consequences of any decisions for the long-term
                                                                                            success of Wise as well as the impact on our stakeholders.
                       • be responsible for promoting the long-term sustainable success
                         of Wise by helping us meet our obligations to customers,           The Board takes into consideration the views and interests
                         employees, shareholders and all of our other stakeholders;         of our stakeholders, which remain our customers, employees,
                                                                                            shareholders, community, the environment and regulators.
                       • review progress against our mission;
                                                                                            We acknowledge that while not every decision made will have
                       • establish and monitor risk appetite and internal controls; and     a desired outcome for all our stakeholders, we nonetheless take
                                                                                            a consistent approach to decision making which factors in the
                       • approve material transactions, capital and operating plans.
                                                                                            priorities of each of our stakeholders.

                       Board Decision Making and                                            The following are examples of principal discussions and decisions
                       Stakeholder Engagement                                               made by the Board during the year:

                       The Directors recognise that they have a duty under section 172 of   • Covid - 19 resilience planning - in discussing the potential
                       the Companies Act 2006 to act in the way they consider, in good        scenarios that the Covid - 19 pandemic presented in March and
                       faith, would most likely promote the success of the Company for        April in 2020 the Board considered the resilience of our finances,
                       the benefit of its members as a whole., In doing so the directors      our technology and operations and our employees.
                       have regard, amongst other matters, to the:
                                                                                                 •   We successfully transitioned the majority of our
                                                                                                     employees to home working and when making the
                       • likely consequences of any decision in the long-term;
                                                                                                     decisions, the Board considered the continuation of normal
                       • interests of the company’s employees;                                       high level of service to customers and protection of the
                                                                                                     safety of our employees.
                       • need to foster the company’s business relationships with
                         suppliers, customers and others;                                        •   Conducted emergency succession planning for our
                                                                                                     senior team.
                       • impact of the company’s operations on the community and
                         environment;                                                            •   Reached out to all critical banking partners and
                                                                                                     suppliers to ensure continuity of service for the benefit
                       • desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high
                                                                                                     of our customers.
                         standards of business conduct; and
                                                                                                 •   Ran financial scenarios and discussed the need to raise
                       • need to act fairly as between members of the company.
                                                                                                     capital and in what form, factoring in the considerations of
                                                                                                     shareholders and the dilutive effect of equity capital.
GOVERNANCE AT WISE                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   36
                     • Secondary Sale - In making its decision to proceed with                  This led to the bold decision to rebrand the company from
                       the secondary sale the Board considered the impact to                    TransferWise to Wise, to highlight that, alongside the growing
                       the Company’s stakeholders, in particular employees and                  capability to hold and spend money (as well as send) through our
                       shareholders. The Board agreed that the secondary sale would             multi-currency card, we were about more than just transfers.
                       protect the interests of the shareholders while providing liquidity
                       to employees and early shareholders which was an important             Our People
                       decision-making factor in such an uncertain year.
                                                                                              We recognise that People who have our values are crucial to our
                     The following summarises our key stakeholders; what’s important          success and growth as an organisation and we strive to attract,
                     to them, how we engaged with them and the results of that                invest in, engage and grow our people.
                     engagement, in particular in decision making:
                                                                                              Our Board actively considers the interests of our people in decision
                                                                                              making with the following being key examples:
                     Our Customers
                                                                                              • The board oversaw a secondary share sale during the year, giving
                     Our customers (personal and business) are at the heart of our
                                                                                                employees liquidity opportunities.
                     mission and our focus is on delivering products that are faster,
                     cheaper, more convenient and more transparent for their benefit.         • A remuneration committee was established to help ensure
                                                                                                our remuneration policies and practices are fair and equitable,
                     We engage with them through quarterly Mission Updates and                  support our mission, and promote long-term sustainable success.
                     through social media where we seek feedback to better understand
                                                                                              • We refactored our stock grants to be agnostic as to the
                     customer needs.
                                                                                                location of a Wiser to remain competitive in the new remote-first
                                                                                                environment and made the grant levels easier to understand for
                     Examples of how we have engaged and considered customers in
                                                                                                our team.
                     Board decision making:
                                                                                              • In terms of engagement with employees: our employees receive
                     • At the start of Covid-19 the Board made the decision to                  regular updates at biweekly company-wide calls and at Mission
                       rationalise our operating expenses. Ordinarily such cost savings         Days, a twice-yearly event where we get together as a company
                       would be passed on to customers in the form of price drops               to review our progress on achieving our mission.
                       but during the year ended 31 March 2021, the Board took the
                                                                                              • The Board seeks for Wise to maintain a reputation for high
                       difficult decision to hold our low prices steady in order to grow
                                                                                                standards of business conduct. Our employees are expected to
                       financial reserves and build our financial resilience as we faced an
                                                                                                look out for each other, for our customers, and for Wise. A copy
                       uncertain year.
                                                                                                of our Code of Conduct is shared with all new joiners and our
                     • In order to continue innovating and solving customer problems            Whistleblowing Policy is operationalised and reviewed by our
                       beyond the send money use-case it was decided to invest heavily          board on an annual basis.
                       into building a B2B proposition that could leverage the power
                                                                                              • The Board maintains close relationships with management and
                       of the payments infrastructure that underpins our core product.
                                                                                                other key personnel and has 1:1s across the organisation to check



GOVERNANCE AT WISE                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   37
                       in, hear the perspectives of the team and factor these into how
                       they govern the organisation and in particular in understanding
                       the progress of embedding the enterprise risk management
                       framework.


                     Our Shareholders

                     The Board understands that it is accountable to shareholders and
                     is committed to open engagement with all our shareholders,
                     whether employees, institutional investors, venture capital firms
                     or private investors.


                     Our Board actively considers the interests of shareholders in
                     decision making with the following being key examples:


                     • The Board took the decision to recommend to shareholders to
                       reduce the share premium account and convert into retained
                       earnings to support financial resilience and further enhancing
                       Wise’s regulatory capital position.

                     • The Board decided against recommending taking on fresh
                       equity capital due to the dilutive effect it may have on existing
                       shareholders, and bolstered reserves through management
                       actions instead, and instead created an opportunity for a
                       return of capital to shareholders through the above mentioned
                       secondary sale.


                     Our community and the environment

                     We’re committed to making an active contribution to the co-
                     mmunities we live in and the environment. For more information
                     see the above section on “Looking after our communities &
                     the environment”.




GOVERNANCE AT WISE                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   38
Directors’ report
for the year ended
31 March 2021.




TITLE                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   40
                   The directors present their Report and the audited consolidated financial statements            Research and development.
                   for the year ended 31 March 2021.                                                               During the year the Group capitalised £19.5 million (2020: £14.7 million) of software
                                                                                                                   development costs. The Group expensed £49.8 million of product engineering costs
                   Principal activity.                                                                             for the period ended 31 March 2021 (2020: £35.8). These costs directly relate to the
                   The Group’s principal activity is provision of online international money                       development of our product offerings and primarily comprise of employee costs of
                   transfer services.                                                                              our engineering and product teams.


                   Future developments.                                                                            Employees.
                   The strategic report includes an analysis of the Group’s financial risk management              The average number of employees during the financial year ended 31 March 2021
                   policies, general business review and key performance indicators. Also further                  was 2,243 (2020: 1,881 employees) in offices located around the world. The number
                   information supporting the going concern basis may be found in Note 1.1 of the                  of employees is expected to continue to grow in line with global expansion and
                   financial statements.                                                                           product development.


                                                                                                                   To grow the team, Wise continues to attract and keep the best talent that can
                   Dividends.
                                                                                                                   build and deliver for customers. Wise does this by considering all applications
                   The Group has not declared or paid out any dividends for the years ended 31 March
                                                                                                                   equally and giving employees the support they need, independent of
                   2021 and 2020.
                                                                                                                   circumstance or background. For further information see section “People” and
                                                                                                                   “Governance” sections in the Strategic Report.
                   Financial instruments.
                   The overview of the Group’s financial instruments including an assessment of
                   credit risk, liquidity risk and cash flow risk is disclosed in the Note 3 to the financial
                   statements.


                   Directors.
                   The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of approval of
                   these financial statements were:
                   Kristo Käärmann
                   Taavet Hinrikus
                   Matthew Briers*
                   Roger Ehrenberg
                   Clare Gilmartin*
                   Tan Hooi Ling*
                   Alastair Michael Rampell
                   Ingo Uytdehaage
                   David Wells




DIRECTORS REPORT                      *Director designate. Approved by the Board on 2 February 2021 and expected                                                                                           41
                                      to be formally appointed after regulatory clearances are obtained.
                   Branches and overseas registered offices.
                   Information on TransferWise Ltd subsidiaries is disclosed in Note 4 to the Company
                   financial statements. The Group has following branches outside of the UK during
                   2020 and 2021 financial years:

                   Name                         Country                      Registered address


                   TransferWise Ltd             Australia                    Level 40, Gateway, 1
                                                                             Macquarie Place, Sydney,
                                                                             NSW, Australia 2000
                   TransferWise Ltd             Hong Kong                    Suite 1201, Tower 2, The
                                                                             Gateway, 25 Canton Road,
                                                                             Tsimshatsui, Kowloon,
                                                                             Hong Kong
                   TransferWise Ltd, Eesti      Estonia                      Veerenni tn 24, Tallinn
                   Filiaal                                                   city, Harju county, 10135,
                                                                             Estonia
                   TransferWise Ltd.            Hungary                      Current: 1133 Budapest,
                   Magyarországi Fióktelepe                                  Váci út 80., Hungary
                                                                             Previous: 1093 Budapest,
                                                                             Vámház körút 13, Hungary
                   TransferWise Ltd             New Zealand                  Suite 5455, 17b Farnham
                                                                             Street, Parnell, Auckland,
                                                                             1052, NZ
                   TransferWise Ltd             Netherlands                  Kingsfordweg 15
                                                                             1043GR Amsterdam


                   Post balance sheet events
                   There have been no material post balance sheet events.


                   Going concern.
                   The directors believe that the Group has adequate resources to keep operating
                   and meeting liabilities for the foreseeable future. The directors continue to adopt
                   the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements. Further information
                   supporting the going concern basis may be found in Note 1.1 of the financial
                   statements.


DIRECTORS REPORT                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   42
Statement of directors’
responsibilities in respect of
the financial statements.




TITLE                            ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   43
Independent auditors’
report to the members of
TransferWise Ltd




TITLE                      ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   45
                 Independent auditors’ report to                                                              Basis for opinion
                                                                                                              We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing

                 the members of TransferWise Ltd                                                              (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further
                                                                                                              described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section
                                                                                                              of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and

                 Report on the audit of the financial                                                         appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


                 statements                                                                                   Independence
                                                                                                              We remained independent of the group in accordance with the ethical requirements
                                                                                                              that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes
                 Opinion                                                                                      the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                                                                                                              accordance with these requirements.
                 In our opinion:


                 • TransferWise Ltd’s group financial statements and company financial statements (the        Conclusions relating to going concern
                   “financial statements”) give a true and fair view of the state of the group’s and of the   Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties
                   company’s affairs as at 31 March 2021 and of the group’s profit and the group’s cash       relating to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant
                   flows for the year then ended;                                                             doubt on the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a
                                                                                                              period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for
                 • the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with              issue.
                   international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the
                   Companies Act 2006;                                                                        In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the
                                                                                                              going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is
                 • the company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance                 appropriate.
                   with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
                   Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”, and               However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion
                   applicable law); and                                                                       is not a guarantee as to the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going
                                                                                                              concern.
                 • the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements
                   of the Companies Act 2006.                                                                 Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going
                                                                                                              concern are described in the relevant sections of this report.
                 We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and
                 Accounts (the “Annual Report”), which comprise: the Consolidated and Company                 Reporting on other information
                 statements of financial position as at 31 March 2021; the Consolidated statement of          The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than
                 comprehensive income, the Consolidated and Company statements of changes in                  the financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible
                 equity and the Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and             for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the
                 the notes to the Consolidated and Company financial statements, which include a              other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the
                 description of the significant accounting policies.                                          extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF TRANSFERWISE LTD                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   46
                 In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read        In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing
                 the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is              the group’s and the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
                 materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in             applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                 the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent         accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the group or the company or to
                 material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures         cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                 to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements
                 or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have             Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
                 performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
                 we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these                  as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
                 responsibilities.                                                                              issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
                                                                                                                assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
                 With respect to the Strategic report and Directors’ report, we also considered whether         will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
                 the disclosures required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.                      fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
                                                                                                                reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
                 Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006                of these financial statements.
                 requires us also to report certain opinions and matters as described below.
                                                                                                                Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations.
                 Strategic report and Directors’ report                                                         We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material
                 In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information       misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our
                 given in the Strategic report and Directors’ report for the year ended 31 March 2021           procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.
                 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance with
                 applicable legal requirements.                                                                 Based on our understanding of the group and industry, we identified that the principal
                                                                                                                risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations related to the Financial Conduct
                 In light of the knowledge and understanding of the group and company and their                 Authority’s (“FCA”) regulations, Anti-Bribery and Corruption legislation, Anti-Money
                 environment obtained in the course of the audit, we did not identify any material              Laundering legislation, UK tax legislation, and equivalent regulations in each of the
                 misstatements in the Strategic report and Directors’ report.                                   territories in which the Group operates, and we considered the extent to which non-
                                                                                                                compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We also considered
                 Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit                                    those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial statements such
                                                                                                                as the Companies Act 2006. We evaluated management’s incentives and opportunities
                 Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements
                 As explained more fully in the Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the      for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of override of
                 financial statements, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial       controls), and determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate
                 statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that            journal entries, creation of fictitious revenue transactions, and management bias in
                 they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control   accounting estimates. Audit procedures performed by the engagement team included:
                 as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
                                                                                                                • Review of correspondence with and reports to the regulators, including the FCA;
                 free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF TRANSFERWISE LTD                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   47
                 • Review of reporting to the Audit and Risk Committee in respect of compliance and
                                                                                                               Other required reporting
                   legal matters;
                                                                                                               Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
                 • Enquiring of management and review of internal audit reports in so far as they related      Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
                   to the financial statements;
                                                                                                               • we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
                 • Obtaining legal confirmations from legal advisors relating to material litigation;
                                                                                                               • adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate
                                                                                                                 for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
                 • Obtaining confirmations from third parties to confirm the existence of cash balances
                   and a sample of other balances;                                                             • certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

                                                                                                               • the company financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records
                 • Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management, in particular in
                                                                                                                 and returns.
                   relation to the capitalisation of software development costs, fair value of share based
                   payment awards, and recognition of deferred tax assets; and                                 We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.


                 • Identifying and testing journal entries, including those posted with double entries to
                   unusual account combinations and those posted with unusual descriptions.
                                                                                                               Brian Henderson (Senior Statutory Auditor)
                 There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely
                 to become aware of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not         for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                 closely related to events and transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the   Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
                 risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not     London
                 detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for
                 example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.                     Date: 16 June 2021


                 A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is
                 located on the FRC’s website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
                 forms part of our auditors’ report.


                 Use of this report
                 This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s
                 members as a body in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act
                 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions, accept or assume
                 responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown
                 or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in
                 writing.




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF TRANSFERWISE LTD                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   48
Consolidated financial
statements and notes




TITLE                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   49
                                                                                      TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                           All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                 for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                                           Note                         2021                              2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Restated *


                 Revenue                                                                                                                                     4                          421.0                             302.6


                 Cost of sales                                                                                                                               5                          (151.7)                           (111.4)
                 Net credit losses on financial assets                                                                                                       5                          (8.8)                              (3.1)
                 Gross profit                                                                                                                                                           260.5                             188.1


                 Administrative expenses                                                                                                                     5                          (217.5)                          (168.8)
                 Interest income from investments and operating assets                                                                                                                   1.9                               5.4
                 Interest expense from operating assets                                                                                                                                  (3.8)                             (1.3)
                 Other income                                                                                                                                                            3.8                               0.2
                 Operating profit                                                                                                                                                       44.9                              23.6


                 Finance expense                                                                                                                                                         (3.8)                            (3.2)
                 Profit before tax                                                                                                                                                       41.1                             20.4


                 Income tax expense                                                                                                                          7                          (10.2)                            (5.4)
                 Profit for the year                                                                                                                                                    30.9                               15.0


                 Other comprehensive income
                 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
                 Fair value (loss)/gain on investments                                                                                                                                  (3.0)                               1.1
                 Currency translation differences                                                                                                                                        (3.8)                             0.5
                 Total other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                                                                                (6.8)                              1.6


                 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                                                                 24.1                              16.6



                 Earning per share
                 Basic                                                                                                                                      10                           1.88                             0.95
                 Diluted                                                                                                                                    10                           1.58                             0.80




                 * See note 1.22 for the details regarding the restatement of comparative figures.


                 The consolidated statement of comprehensive income has been prepared on the basis that all operations are continuing.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                              The notes on pages 54 to 79 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                                                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   50
                                                                                      TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                           All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                 for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Retained
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Currency
                                                                                                                                                    Share-based                               earnings/
                                                                                           Note        Share capital         Share premium                                 Other reserves                  translation       Total equity
                                                                                                                                                  payment reserves                          (accumulated
                                                                                                                                                                                                           differences
                                                                                                                                                                                                losses)


                  At 1 April 2019 as originally reported                                                      -                   120.8                   11.8                    1.2           (7.6)         0.8               127.0


                  Correction of error                                                       1.22              -                    (0.6)                    -                      -            0.6             -                 -


                  At 1 April 2019 restated                                                                    -                   120.2                   11.8                    1.2           (7.0)         0.8               127.0


                  Profit for the year - restated *                                                            -                      -                      -                      -            15.0            -                15.0
                  Share-based employee compensation expense                                                   -                      -                    24.4                     -             -              -               24.4
                 Deferred tax on share-based compensation - restated *                       7                -                      -                    28.5                     -             -              -                28.5
                 Fair value gain on investments                                              12               -                      -                      -                     1.1            -              -                1.1
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                                     -                      -                      -                      -             -            0.5                0.5
                 Issue of share capital - restated *                                       17, 18                                   0.3                   (0.9)                    -            0.9             -                0.3
                 At 31 March 2020                                                                             -                   120.5                   63.8                   2.3            8.9            1.3              196.8


                 At 31 March 2020 as originally reported                                                                           121.9                  35.3                   2.3            13.7           1.3              174.5


                 Correction of error                                                        1.22              -                    (1.4)                    -                      -            1.5             -                0.1
                 Correction of error (deferred tax on share-based compensation)             1.22              -                      -                    28.5                     -            (6.3)           -                22.2


                 At 31 March 2020 restated *                                                                  -                   120.5                   63.8                   2.3            8.9            1.3              196.8


                 Profit for the year                                                                          -                      -                      -                      -            30.9            -               30.9
                  Share-based employee compensation expense                                                   -                      -                    36.9                     -             -              -                36.9
                 Deferred tax on share-based compensation                                    7                -                      -                    26.6                     -             -              -               26.6
                 Fair value loss on investments                                              12               -                      -                      -                    (3.0)           -              -               (3.0)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                                     -                      -                      -                      -             -            (3.8)             (3.8)
                 Issue of share capital                                                    17, 18             -                     0.9                   (2.8)                    -            2.8             -                0.9
                 Reduction of share capital                                                  17               -                   (120.0)                   -                      -           120.0            -                 -
                 At 31 March 2021                                                                             -                     1.4                  124.5                   (0.7)         162.6          (2.5)             285.3




                 * See note 1.22 for the details regarding the restatement of comparative figures.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                              The notes on pages 54 to 79 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   52
                                                                                      TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                           All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Consolidated statement of cash flows
                 for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                                           Note                          2021                            2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Restated *
                 Cash flows from operating activities


                 Cash generated from operations                                                                                                             16                          2,076.3                         1,187.8
                 Interest received                                                                                                                                                        7.6                            6.4
                 Interest expense paid                                                                                                                                                   (6.0)                           (3.4)
                 Corporate income tax paid                                                                                                                                               (4.0)                           (2.4)
                 Net cash generated from operating activities                                                                                                                           2,073.9                         1,188.4


                 Cash flows from investing activities
                 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                                                                               (2.3)                           (3.1)
                 Payments for intangible assets                                                                                                              9                          (20.9)                          (15.0)
                 Payments for financial assets at FVOCI                                                                                                                                 (723.9)                         (46.5)
                 Proceeds from sale and maturity of financial assets at FVOCI                                                                                                            75.3                            43.7
                 Net cash used in investing activities                                                                                                                                  (671.8)                         (20.9)


                 Cash flows from financing activities
                 Proceeds from issues of shares and other equity                                                                                            17                            0.9                            0.3
                 Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                                                118.6                           101.4
                 Repayments of borrowings                                                                                                                                               (90.0)                          (66.4)
                 Payments for lease liabilities                                                                                                                                          (4.7)                           (4.1)
                 Net cash generated from financing activities                                                                                                                            24.8                            31.2


                 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                              1,426.9                         1,198.7


                 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                                             13                          2,077.6                         856.1
                 Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          (145.9)                          22.8
                 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                                                   13                          3,358.6                         2,077.6




                 * See note 1.22 for the details regarding the restatement of comparative figures.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                              The notes on pages 54 to 79 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                                             ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   53
                                                                            TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                 All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements                                                                       The going concern assessment also considers the Group’s principal risks (Note 3) and is
                                                                                                                                      dependent on a number of factors, including but not limited to, financial performance,
                 for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                      volume of transactions and its ability to meet financial covenants.


                                                                                                                                      As the COVID-19 pandemic has had and continues to have a significant impact on
                                                                                                                                      the global economy and markets in which the Group operates, management has
                 Note 1. Summary of significant accounting policies                                                                   prepared the forecasts taking into account the uncertainties around the pandemic.
                                                                                                                                      Since the outbreak of the pandemic in early 2020, the Group’s main priority has been
                 1.1    Basis of preparation and accounting policies                                                                  offering a disruption-free service to its customers, whilst maintaining the wellbeing and
                                                                                                                                      productivity of its employees.
                 TransferWise Ltd (the “Company”) is limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled
                 in England. The address of its registered office is 6th Floor Tea Building, 56 Shoreditch                            Based on forecasts, available market information and management’s knowledge and
                 High Street, London E1 6JJ. The principal activity of the Company and its subsidiaries                               experience of the Group’s business activities, the Group is satisfied in its ability to
                 (the “Group”) is provision of cross-border money transfer services.                                                  continue as a going concern.


                 The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance                                  1.2    Changes in accounting policy and disclosures
                 with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the
                 Companies Act 2006’. The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.                                 Adoption of new or revised standards and interpretations
                                                                                                                                      The following new or revised standards and interpretations became effective for the
                 The financial statements are presented in millions of Pounds Sterling (“£”), which is                                Group from 1 April 2020:
                 the Group’s presentation currency and has been prepared under the historical cost
                 convention, except certain financial assets measured at fair value.                                                  • IFRS 3 amendments Definition of a Business.

                                                                                                                                      • IAS 1 and IAS 8 amendments Classification of Liabilities and Definition of Material.
                 The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated
                 financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to                             • Amendments to IFRS 7, IFRS 9 and IAS 39 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform.
                 all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.                                                                    • Amendments to IFRS 16 Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions.

                 Preparation of financial statements requires signifciant accounting judgments and                                    The adoption of the above standards did not have a material impact on the Group.
                 estimates which have been laid out in note 2.                                                                        There are no other new or revised standards or interpretations that are effective for the
                                                                                                                                      first time for the financial year beginning on or after 1 April 2020 that would be expected
                 Going concern assumption                                                                                             to have a material impact to the Group.
                 The going concern assessment is based on the forecast for the first 12 months from the
                 date of approval of these financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2021. For the                             New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
                 forecast purposes, management has prepared the Base Case Scenario and Downside                                       Certain new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations have been
                 Case Scenario, which covered revenues, profitability, cash position and liquidity as well                            published that are not mandatory for the period ended 31 March 2021 and have not
                 as the Group’s ability to meet its regulatory capital requirements. The Group expects                                been early adopted by the Group . None of these are expected to have a material impact
                 that sufficient liquidity and regulatory capital requirement headroom is maintained                                  on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
                 throughout the forecast period under both scenarios.                                                                 transactions:


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   54
                                                                             TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                  All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 • Amendments to IAS 37 – Onerous Contracts: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract                                             customer balances in the amount of £3.1 million were classified as administrative
                                                                                                                                       expenses for the period ended 31 March 2020.
                 • Amendments to IAS 16 – Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before
                   Intended Use
                                                                                                                                       1.3    Current versus non-current classification
                 • AIP (2018-2020 cycle): IFRS 9 Financial Instruments – Fees in the ’10 per cent’ Test for
                   Derecognition of Financial Liabilities                                                                              The Group presents assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position based
                                                                                                                                       on current or non-current classification. An asset is current when it satisfies any of the
                 • Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 – Interest Rate Benchmark
                                                                                                                                       following criteria:
                   Reform – Phase 2

                                                                                                                                       • expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in the normal operating
                 Changes in presentation
                                                                                                                                         cycle;
                 Statement of comprehensive income
                 In preparing these financial statements, the Group has made certain presentational                                    • held primarily for the purpose of trading;
                 changes to better align the relevant IFRS financial statement captions and reflect the
                                                                                                                                       • expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period;
                 underlying nature of the transactions and the operations of Wise. Comparatives for the
                 year ended 31 March 2020 have been re-presented to reflect this change in classification                              • cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a
                 for all instances.                                                                                                      liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.


                 • £1.3 million Interest expense incurred on holding customer deposits on Wise Accounts                                All other assets are classified as non-current.
                   as the result of negative interest rates, has been reclassified and presented separately
                   as interest expense from operating assets. This change in classification was made as                                A liability is current when it satisfies any of the following criteria:
                   interest expense incurred on customer balances does not relate to borrowings and
                   therefore the Directors considered that operating activities better reflected the nature                            • it is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle;
                   of cost.
                                                                                                                                       • it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
                 • £3.1 million Interest income earned on holding customer cash on Wise Accounts has
                                                                                                                                       • it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period;
                   been reclassified to the Interest income from investments and operating assets. This
                   change in classification was made as interest income earned on customer balances                                    • there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve
                   does not relate to lending activity and therefore the Directors considered that                                       months after the reporting period.
                   operating activitities better reflected the nature of this income, similar to income the
                   Group earns on investments in bonds.                                                                                The terms of the liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its
                                                                                                                                       settlement by the issue of equity instruments do not affect its classification. The
                 • £2.3 million Investment income from bonds has been reclassified to the Interest
                                                                                                                                       Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
                   income from investments and operating assets. Similar to interest earned on Wise
                                                                                                                                       classified as non-current assets and liabilities.
                   Accounts, the Directors considered that operating activitities better reflected the
                   nature of this income.
                                                                                                                                       1.4    Basis of consolidation

                 Change in accounting policies
                                                                                                                                       Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls
                 Net foreign currency exchange gains and losses related to customer balances are
                                                                                                                                       an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                 classified as costs of sales as they direclty relate to provision of services to the
                                                                                                                                       involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
                 customers. Previously, a portion of foreign exchange gains and losses related to
                                                                                                                                       over the entity.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   55
                                                                                TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                     All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the                                 1.6    Cash and cash equivalents
                 Group and are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.
                                                                                                                                          Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, on-demand deposits and other
                 Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between                                        short-term high quality liquid investments with original maturities of three months or
                 companies within the Group are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless                                  less, except for Money Market Funds (MMF). Cash that has been paid out from the
                 the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset.                                             Group bank account but hasn’t been delivered to the bank account of the beneficiary
                                                                                                                                          is classified as cash in transit. Cash collateral deposits the Group holds with its
                 1.5    Foreign currencies translation                                                                                    counterparties are recognised under Trade and other receivables in the statement of
                                                                                                                                          financial position.
                 The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling. For
                 each entity, the Group determines the functional currency and items included in the                                      Customer deposits
                 financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.                                         The Group recognises liability for customer funds held in Wise Accounts and funds
                                                                                                                                          collected from the customers for Wise Transfers that have not yet been processed.
                 Transactions and balances                                                                                                Liability is recognized upon receipt of cash or capture confirmation (depending on pay-
                 Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group’s entities at their                               in method), and is derecognised when cash is delivered to the beneficiary.
                 respective functional currency spot rates at the date the transaction is recognised.
                                                                                                                                          Principles to determine the point of delivery are the same as applied in revenue
                 Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions                                     recognition, see section 1.11 below. Cash that has been paid out but has not yet been
                 and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign                                       delivered to the beneficiary account is reflected as cash in transit to customers.
                 currencies at year end exchange rates are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary
                 assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange rates if held at historical cost or                         The Group is subject to various regulatory safeguarding compliance requirements with
                 year-end exchange rates if held at fair value, and the resulting foreign exchange gains or                               respect to customer funds. As safeguarding requirements may vary across the different
                 losses are recognised in either the income statement or shareholder’s equity depending                                   jurisdictions in which the Group operates, the Group holds customer funds in segregated
                 on the treatment of the gain or loss on the asset or liability.                                                          accounts and other high quality liquid assets such as MMFs and investment grade bonds.


                 Group companies                                                                                                          1.7    Financial assets
                 On consolidation, the results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which
                 has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) are translated into pounds as follows:                                  Investments and other financial assets
                                                                                                                                          The Group classifies its financial assets, at initial recognition, and subsequently measures
                 • assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing                                  them at amortised cost, fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), and fair value through
                   exchange rate at the date of that balance sheet;                                                                       other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

                 • income and expenses are translated at average monthly exchange rates (unless
                                                                                                                                          The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
                   exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the year, in which case the exchange rates
                                                                                                                                          contractual cash flows and the Group’s business model for managing them.
                   at the transaction date are used), and;

                 • all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.                                       In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or FVOCI,
                                                                                                                                          it needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest
                 When any borrowings forming part of the net investment in foreign entities are repaid,                                   (SPPI)’ on the principal amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI
                 the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain                              test and is performed at an instrument level. Financial assets with cash flows that are not
                 or loss on sale.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   56
                                                                               TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                    All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the                              is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors
                 business model.                                                                                                         specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


                 The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how they are used                                    For debt instruments held at FVOCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification.
                 in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows                                       At every reporting date, the Group evaluates whether or not the debt instrument is
                 will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.                              considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that
                 Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held with the objective to                               is available without undue cost or effort.
                 collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value
                 through OCI are held with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows                               In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the internal credit rating of the debt
                 and selling.                                                                                                            instrument. In addition, the Group considers that there has been a significant increase in
                                                                                                                                         credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.
                 The Group classifies debt securities (e.g. bonds) as FVOCI pursuant with the above
                 policy as the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, and the                             The Group’s debt instruments held at FVOCI comprised solely of quoted bonds that are
                 objective of the Group’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash                                 graded in the top investment category Aa2 and better by Moodys Credit Rating Agency
                 flows and selling financial assets. On disposal of these debt investments, any related                                  and, therefore, are considered to be low credit risk investments. It is the Group’s policy
                 balance within the FVOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.                                                     to measure ECLs on such instruments on a 12-month basis. However, when there has
                                                                                                                                         been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on
                 Recognition and derecognition                                                                                           the lifetime ECL. The Group uses the ratings from Moody’s both to determine whether
                 Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the settlement date according                                 the debt instrument has significantly increased in credit risk and to estimate ECLs.
                 to market conventions. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash
                 flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group                                     Refer to note 1.18 and 3.2 for further information on trade receivables and expected
                 has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Cashflows in relation                             credit losses.
                 to purchase or sale of these instruments are classified as investing activities in the
                 consolidated cash flow statement.                                                                                       1.8    Property, plant and equipment


                 Measurement                                                                                                             Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the                             and any accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is
                 case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are                          directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it
                 directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial                         to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
                 assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss. Financial
                 assets at amortised costs are subsequently measured using the effective interest method                                 Depreciation is charged so as to allocate the cost of assets less their residual value
                 and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the profit or loss when                               over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Right-of-use assets
                 the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.                                                                        are depreciated over the lease term (2-7 years). Capitalised reconstruction and internal
                                                                                                                                         design costs of leased office space (shown as ’Leased office improvements’ in the notes
                 Impairment                                                                                                              to the consolidated financial statements) are depreciated over the lease term and other
                 The Group recognises an allowance for Expected Credit Losses (ECL) for trade                                            office equipment over 2 years.
                 receivables and uses a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group
                 does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on                                 Computer equipment is not recorded into property, plant and equipment but expensed,
                 lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that                                 as low value short-lived equipment in the Group.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   57
                                                                               TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                    All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 1.9    Intangible assets – Internally generated software development costs                                              1.10    Trade and other payables

                 The Group develops software used in provisioning of its services. Development costs                                     Trade payables consist of obligations to pay for goods and services that have been
                 that are directly attributable to the design, development and testing of the software                                   acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers on the basis of normal credit
                 controlled by the Group are recognised as intangible assets when the following criteria                                 terms and do not bear interest. Other payables, which relate to Wise Accounts and Wise
                 are met:                                                                                                                Transfers that have not been processed by the Group at the reporting date, are non-
                                                                                                                                         derivative liabilities to individuals or business customers for money they hold with the
                 • it is technically feasible to complete the software so that it will be available for use                              Group and do not constitute borrowings.

                 • management intends to complete the software
                                                                                                                                         Payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized
                 • there is an ability to use the software                                                                               cost.

                 • it can be demonstrated how the software will generate probable future economic
                                                                                                                                         1.11    Revenue recognition
                   benefits

                 • adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to                                  The Group primarily generates revenue from Wise Transfers and Wise Account, including
                   use the software are available, and                                                                                   conversions and debit card services.

                 • the expenditure attributable to the software during its development can be reliably
                                                                                                                                         The Group recognises revenue according to the principles of IFRS 15 using the five-
                   measured.
                                                                                                                                         step model:

                 Costs associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as
                                                                                                                                         1.   Identify the contracts with customers
                 incurred.
                                                                                                                                         2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract
                 Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software product comprise
                                                                                                                                         3. Determine the transaction price
                 the software development employee costs.
                                                                                                                                         4. Allocate the transaction to the performance obligations in the contract
                 Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognised as an
                                                                                                                                         5. Recognise the revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies the performance obligation
                 expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not
                 recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.
                                                                                                                                         A customer enters into the contract with the Group at the time of opening a Wise
                                                                                                                                         Account or initiating a Wise Transfer. Generally, the customer agrees to the contractual
                 Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortised over
                                                                                                                                         terms by formally accepting, on the Groups’ website, the terms and conditions of the
                 their estimated useful economic lives. Intangible assets are assessed for impairment
                                                                                                                                         respective service, which details the Groups’ performance obligations and fees.
                 whenever there is an indicator that they might be impaired, for example when the assets
                 are no longer in use and need to be decomissioned.
                                                                                                                                         A customer enters into the contract with the Group at the time of opening a Wise
                                                                                                                                         Account or initiating a Wise Transfer. Generally, the customer agrees to the contractual
                 The Group amortises intangibles assets over 3 years, except for mobile applications
                                                                                                                                         terms by formally accepting, on Wise website, of the terms and conditions of the
                 which are amortised over 2 years.
                                                                                                                                         respective service, which details the Groups’ performance obligations and fees.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   58
                                                                              TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                   All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 In the case of debit card services, it is at the time the card is made available for use and                           The Group as the lessee
                 the customer is able to either make a payment or withdraw money from an ATM.                                           Initial measurement
                                                                                                                                        At the commencement date, a lessee shall recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease
                 The fees we charge customers are shown to them upfront prior to transaction being                                      liability. At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at
                 initiated. For international transfers, we charge a single upfront fee per transaction,                                cost. The cost of the right-of-use asset shall comprise:
                 consisting of a fixed and variable amount. The amount of both the fixed and the variable
                 portion of the fee depends on a number of factors, including the currency route, the                                   • the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
                 transfer size, the type of transaction being undertaken and the payment method used.
                                                                                                                                        • any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease
                 As there is typically a single performance obligation associated with each type of service                               incentives received;
                 provided to a customer, the revenue is recognised at the point in time the Group’s                                     • any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee;
                 performance obligation has been satisfied (e.g. upon delivery of funds to the recipient, in
                                                                                                                                        • an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the
                 case of money transfers, when a customer balance is converted into a different currency
                                                                                                                                          underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying
                 or upon transaction capture for debit card services).
                                                                                                                                          asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

                 The timing required for the Group to process the payment to the recipient and,
                                                                                                                                        Right-of-use asset is recorded within the ‘Property, plant and equipment’ line in the
                 hence, to satisfy its performance obligations largely depends on its banking partners,
                                                                                                                                        statement of financial position.
                 specifically the processing time required to deliver funds to the recipient. Therefore, the
                 revenue is deferred until the time it is delivered. In certain jurisdictions where the Group
                                                                                                                                        At the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability at the present value
                 has settlement accounts with the central banks or in the case of transfers between Wise
                                                                                                                                        of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments are discounted
                 accounts or conversions within a Wise account, such transactions are fulfilled instantly.
                                                                                                                                        using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined.

                 1.12    Interest income and expense
                                                                                                                                        If that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall use the lessee’s incremental
                                                                                                                                        borrowing rate, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the
                 Interest income from investments and interest earned on Wise Accounts is recognised
                                                                                                                                        funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
                 as interest income from investments and operating assets using the effective interest
                                                                                                                                        economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.
                 rate method. Our investments are classified as financial assets at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income, whilst Wise Accounts holding customer funds are financial
                                                                                                                                        At the commencement date, the lease payments included in the measurement of the
                 assets measured at amortised cost.
                                                                                                                                        lease liability comprise the following payments for the right to use the underlying asset
                                                                                                                                        during the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date:
                 Interest expense incurred on Wise Accounts primarily relate to negative interest rates on
                 euro denominated balances.
                                                                                                                                        • fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable;

                 1.13    Leases                                                                                                         • variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the
                                                                                                                                          index or rate as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that depend on
                 A lease is a contract or part of a contract that conveys to the lessee the right to control                              an index or a rate include, for example, payments linked to a consumer price index,
                 the use of an identifiable asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.                                     payments linked to a benchmark interest rate (such as SONIA) or payments that vary
                                                                                                                                          to reflect changes in market rental rates;



CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   59
                                                                              TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                   All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 • amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;                                        1.14    Cost of sales

                 • the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise
                                                                                                                                        Cost of sales comprises the costs that are directly associated with the Group’s principal
                   that option; and
                                                                                                                                        revenue stream of money transfer services. This includes:
                 • payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee
                   exercising an option to terminate the lease.                                                                         • bank and partner fees incurred in processing customer transfers;

                                                                                                                                        • net foreign exchange costs generated due to customer transactions and costs
                 Subsequent measurement
                                                                                                                                          related to the difference between the published mid-market rate offered to
                 After the commencement date, a lessee measures the right-of-use asset estimated
                                                                                                                                          customers and the rate obtained by the Group in acquiring currency as required
                 applying a cost model. To apply a cost model, a lessee measures the right-of-use asset
                                                                                                                                          as well as product losses that are directly generated from consumer transactions,
                 at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses and
                                                                                                                                          including chargeback losses.
                 adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability.

                                                                                                                                        1.15    Current and deferred tax
                 Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s estimated
                 useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the lease transfers ownership
                                                                                                                                        The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in
                 of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease term or if the cost of the
                                                                                                                                        the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
                 right-of-use asset reflects that the lessee will exercise a purchase option, the lessee shall
                                                                                                                                        comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in
                 depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful
                                                                                                                                        other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
                 life of the underlying asset.

                                                                                                                                        The current tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                 Otherwise, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement
                                                                                                                                        enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the company and its
                 date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the
                                                                                                                                        subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates
                 lease term.
                                                                                                                                        positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation
                                                                                                                                        is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of
                 If there are changes in lease payments, there may be a need to remeasure the lease
                                                                                                                                        amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
                 liability. A lessee shall recognise the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability
                 as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset. However, if the carrying amount of the right-
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
                 of-use asset is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of
                                                                                                                                        of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the Group financial statements.
                 the lease liability, a lessee shall recognise any remaining amount of the remeasurement
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or
                 in profit or loss.
                                                                                                                                        substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the
                                                                                                                                        related deferred tax asset is realised, or the deferred tax liability is settled.
                 The Group has elected not to apply the requirements of IFRS 16 to short-term leases and
                 leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. Payments associated with short-
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
                 term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an
                                                                                                                                        taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
                 expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
                 less. Low-value assets comprise of IT and office equipment.
                                                                                                                                        Deferred tax assets are recognized for share options vested but not exercised at the
                                                                                                                                        balance sheet date. They are determined as at the balance sheet date based on the most
                 The Group presents the payments of principal and interest on lease liabilities as part of
                                                                                                                                        recent valuation of share options. The impact of recognition is split between income tax
                 financing cash flows.
                                                                                                                                        expense and the share-based payment reserve in equity. Refer to note 7.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   60
                                                                             TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                  All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to                           Refer to Note 2.5 for Significant accounting estimate for employee share-
                 offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets                            based payments.
                 and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
                 same taxable entity or different taxable entities and there is an intention to settle the                             1.17    Segment reporting
                 balances on a net basis.
                                                                                                                                       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
                 1.16    Employee benefits                                                                                             provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), which is currently the Board
                                                                                                                                       of Directors of the Group. The Group has therefore determined that it has only one
                 Short-term obligations                                                                                                reportable segment under IFRS 8, which is that of “Cross border payment services”.
                 Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating                                  Refer to Note 4 for Segment information.
                 annual leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of
                 the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect                                1.18    Trade and other receivables
                 of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the
                 amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented                           Trade and other receivables, primarily consist of amounts due from payment processors
                 as current employee benefit obligations in the balance sheet.                                                         and collateral deposits the Group holds with is counterparts. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                                       are initially recognized at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost less
                 Long-term obligation                                                                                                  impairment for expected credit losses. The Group applies the simplified approach
                 Employee entitlements for long term leave is recognised as a liability using probability of                           permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime credit losses to be recognized
                 staff departures and leave utilisation.                                                                               from the initial recognition of the receivables. Refer to note 1.7 above for further
                                                                                                                                       information on expected credit losses.
                 Share-based payments
                 The Parent Company operates a scheme, under which the Group receives services from                                    1.19    Earnings per share
                 employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Parent Company.
                 The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options                             Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:
                 and awards is recognised in employee benefit expense together with a corresponding                                    • the profit attributable to the owners of the Group;
                 increase in equity (share-based payment reserves), over the period in which the service
                                                                                                                                       • by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
                 and the performance conditions are fulfilled (the vesting period).
                                                                                                                                         financial year.

                 The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the
                                                                                                                                       Diluted earnings per share share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic
                 options granted. Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions of the
                                                                                                                                       earnings per share to take into account:
                 number of options and awards that are expected to vest.

                                                                                                                                       • the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
                 The total amount of the grant expense is recognised over the vesting period. At each
                                                                                                                                         dilutive potential ordinary shares; and
                 reporting date, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options and awards
                 that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It recognises the                               • the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                 impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the Statement of comprehensive                                 outstanding, assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.
                 income, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payment reserves. Upon
                 exercises of share options, the impact is recognised in retained earnings.



CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   61
                                                                               TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                    All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 1.20    Borrowings                                                                                                      Impact on statement of comprehensive income (extract) - decrease in profit

                                                                                                                                                                                           31 March 2020
                 Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and
                                                                                                                                                                                  Group               Company
                 are subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net
                                                                                                                                         Income tax expense                        (6.3)                   (6.1)
                 of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in the income statement                                    Net impact on profit for the period       (6.3)                   (6.1)
                 over the term of the borrowing using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the
                 establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the                                 Impact on statement of financial position (extract) - increase/(decrease) in equity
                 extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case,
                                                                                                                                                                                           31 March 2020
                 the fee is deferred and treated as a transaction cost when the draw-down occurs. The
                                                                                                                                                                                  Group               Company
                 Group presents the impact of transaction costs as part of financing cash flows.
                                                                                                                                         Trade and other receivable                 1.6                     1.6
                                                                                                                                         Deferred tax assets                       22.2                    20.4
                 1.21    Rounding of amounts                                                                                             Total assets                              23.8                    22.0


                 All amounts disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes have been                                  Trade and other payable                   (1.6)                   (1.6)
                 rounded to the nearest hundred thousand (£0.1 million), unless otherwise stated.                                        Total liabilities                         (1.6)                   (1.6)


                                                                                                                                         Share-based payment reserves              28.5                    26.5
                 1.22    Prior period restament
                                                                                                                                         Retained earnings                         (6.3)                   (6.1)
                                                                                                                                         Net impact on Equity                      22.2                    20.4
                 During the preparation of these financial statements, the financial results for the year
                 ended 31 March 2020 have been restated. The restatements comprise:
                                                                                                                                         In addition the Group corrected an an error in the classification of the impact of the
                                                                                                                                         share options exercises which were classified as share premium. As the result £1.4 million
                 • error correction in the valuation of deferred tax assets related to vested but not
                                                                                                                                         were reclassified from share premium into retatained earnings for the period ended 31
                   exercised options and an error in the split of the corporate tax deduction available in
                                                                                                                                         March 2020 (2019: £0.6 million) within the statement of changes in equity.
                   certain countries on exercise of options, between the income statement (income tax
                   expense) and equity (share based payments reserve). The error has no material impact
                                                                                                                                         The error corrections did not have an impact on the OCI for the period or the Group’s
                   on the financial year ended 31 March 2019 and therefore no opening balance sheet
                                                                                                                                         operating, investing or financing cash flows in the Consolidated Statement of Cash
                   adjustment is required;
                                                                                                                                         Flows for the period.
                 • error correction in the recognition of the liability for the National Insurance on share
                   options. Previously the liability was presented net of receivables from employees.
                   Correction was made to present the liability and receivable gross in the statement of
                   financial postion. The impact for the period for the period ended 31 March 2020 was
                   £1.6 million.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   62
                                                                             TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                  All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 2. Significant accounting estimates and judgements                                                               2.4    Intangible assets – capitalisation, useful lives and impairment


                 The preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements requires management                                  The Group capitalises internally generated software costs, including direct development
                 to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of                                     costs related to employee benefit expenses. Initial capitalisation of costs is based on
                 revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures. Uncertainty                             management’s judgment that technological and economic feasibility is confirmed,
                 about these estimates and assumptions could result in outcomes that require a material                                usually when a product development project has reached a defined milestone according
                 adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.                          to an established project management model.


                 Judgements                                                                                                            Estimates and assumptions
                 In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the                                   The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation
                 following judgements, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised                                uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material
                 in the consolidated financial statements:                                                                             adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year,
                                                                                                                                       are described below. The Group based its assumptions and estimates on parameters
                 2.1    Customer balances                                                                                              available when the consolidated financial statements were prepared.


                 The Group recognises financial assets and liabilities for the customer cash balances it                               Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may
                 holds on Wise Accounts and as part of Wise Transfer settlement process as it becomes                                  change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of
                 party to a contract and has a right and an ability to control the economic benefit                                    the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
                 from the cash flows associated with these financial assets and liabilities required by
                 IFRS9. Additionally, pursuant to IAS 32, the Group considers it does not have a legally                               2.5    Share-based payments
                 enforceable right to set off the these financial assets and liabilities, or an intention to
                 settle them on a net basis or settle them simultaneously.                                                             Estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires determination of
                                                                                                                                       the most appropriate valuation model, which depends on the terms and conditions of
                 2.2    Deferred taxes                                                                                                 the grant. This estimate also requires determination of the most appropriate inputs to
                                                                                                                                       the valuation model including the expected life of the share option or appreciation right,
                 Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable                            volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about them.
                 that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant
                 management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that                                  The cost of share options is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is
                 can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits.                              made using the Black Scholes model. Further details on the assumptions is disclosed in
                                                                                                                                       note 18.
                 2.3    Net gains and losses from foreign exchange differences
                                                                                                                                       If the average share price was higher or lower by 5%, the annual share-based payment
                 The Group classifies net foreign exchange gains and losses from customer transactions,                                compensation expense would be higher or lower by up to £0.8 million.
                 including the costs related to the difference between the published mid-market rate
                 offered to customers and the rate obtained by the Group in acquiring currency as                                      Additionaly the Group uses the most recent valuation to the balance sheet date in
                 required, as cost of sales. The Group considers these costs as directly related to and                                determining the deferred tax asset for the share options vested but not exercised. Refer
                 incurred as part of providing services to the customers. The total of such net foreign                                to note 7.
                 exchange differences recognised in the cost of sales for the year ended 31 March 2021 is
                 £18.3 million (2020: £12.3 million).

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   63
                                                                              TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                   All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 2.6    Specific provision for expected credit losses                                                                   The breakdowns of trade payables and borrowings into current and non-current are
                                                                                                                                        shown in notes 14 and 15. See also note 3.5 for the maturity profile of the Group’s
                 The Group may recognise specific provisions for individually material financial assets                                 financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments.
                 for which credit quality deteriorates significantly. The Group takes into account specific
                 facts and circumstances that might indicate impairment, such as litigation risk, credit                                3.2    Credit risk
                 rating and financial results of the counterpart. The Group also uses the weighted
                 probability method to assess the recoverability of the amounts. The Group monitors                                     Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a
                 subsequent changes in the assumptions and estimates on a regular basis. Specific                                       financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.
                 provision recognised for the period ended 31 March 2021 was £6.7 million (2020: £0),
                 more information is disclosed in note 5.                                                                               Credit Risk is managed at Group level and comes mainly from the Group’s cash and cash
                                                                                                                                        equivalents held in banks and investments in bonds.
                 Note 3. Financial risk and capital management
                                                                                                                                        If a bank or other financial institution has no independent credit rating, the Group
                 This note further explains the Group’s exposure to financial risks and how these risks                                 evaluates its credit quality by analysing its financial position, past experience, and
                 could affect the Group’s future financial performance. Current year profit and loss                                    other factors.
                 information has been included where relevant to add context.
                                                                                                                                        The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk by class of financial asset is as follows:		
                 In the course of its business, the Group is exposed to the main financial risks: liquidity,                                                                                As at 31 March
                 credit, and market risk. The Group’s financial risk management programme seeks to                                                                                  2021                     2020
                 minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.                                               Assets category
                                                                                                                                        Cash and cash equivalents                  3,358.6               2,077.6

                 3.1    Liquidity risk                                                                                                  Short-term financial investments            737.5                    114.1
                                                                                                                                        Trade and other receivables                 76.3                     104.7
                                                                                                                                        Assets subject to credit risk total        4,172.4               2,296.4
                 The Group monitors its risk of shortage of funds using cash flow forecasting.
                 Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity requirements to make
                 sure it has sufficient cash to meet operational needs. The Group’s objective is to                                     Due to the short duration of the cash and cash equivalents (less than 3 months), the fair
                 maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of its                                value approximates the carrying value at each reporting period.
                 revolving credit facility, share capital and lease contracts.

                                                                                                                                        Credit risk is mitigated as financial assets suibject to credit risk are held with reputable
                 The Group’s approach to managing liquidity risk is to make sure, as far as possible, that                              institutions.
                 it always has enough liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and
                 stressed scenarios, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the
                 Group’s position


                 The Group assessed the concentration of risk with respect to refinancing its debt and
                 concluded it to be low. The Group has access to the sufficient source of funding and
                 does not currently have debt maturing within 12 months.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   64
                                                                                       TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                            All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 The Group’s financial assets breakdown by credit rating of institution is as follows:                                          The Group is also exposed to interest rate risk from fixed rate, predominantly, customer
                                                                                                                                                liabilities funded by floating rate assets. This risk is deemed negligible for the Group, due
                                                                          As at 31 March
                                                                  2021                     2020                                                 to the business model as interest rate changes can be passed onto the customer in due
                 Credit rating (Moody’s)                                                                                                        course.

                 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      Foreign exchange risk
                 Aa                                              2,316.9               1,285.9                                                  The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate movement from holding assets and
                 A                                                710.6                    364.6
                                                                                                                                                liabilities in different currencies and guaranteeing customers a foreign exchange rate
                 Baa, Ba, B                                       73.3                     315.6
                                                                                                                                                on their international transfers for a limited period of time. We actively monitor foreign
                 Caa                                                -                       0.6
                 No rating *                                      99.8                     23.6                                                 exchange risk, and our exposures are managed through a combination of natural
                 Cash in transit                                  158.0                    87.3                                                 hedging and treasury products hedging. There were no material open treasury postions
                 Cash and cash equivalents total                 3,358.6               2,077.6                                                  as the reporting date.

                 Short-term financial investments                                                                                               The table below presents the Group’s net position (difference between financial assets
                 Aa                                               737.5                    114.1
                                                                                                                                                and liabilities) across its main currencies and Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk
                 Short-term financial investments total           737.5                    114.1
                                                                                                                                                at the end of each reporting period.
                 Trade and other receivables
                 Aa                                               14.7                     19.6                                                 The Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk by currency is as follows:
                 A                                                 1.0                     20.0
                 Baa, Ba, B                                       15.4                     15.5                                                                                                     As at 31 March

                 No rating *                                      45.2                     49.6                                                                                            2021                      2020

                 Trade and other receivables total                76.3                     104.7                                                 Net exposure by currency (in £millions)
                                                                                                                                                 PHP                                        14.2                     1.0
                 * “No rating” includes payment providers and banks with no public credit rating.
                                                                                                                                                 INR                                        13.7                     4.5
                                                                                                                                                 BRL                                        3.7                      (0.1)
                 Before deciding to onboard third parties, the Group undertakes due diligence measures                                           AUD                                        4.7                      10.4
                 to assess and mitigate potential risks.                                                                                         NZD                                        4.5                      (1.0)
                                                                                                                                                 EUR                                       (21.9)                    8.1
                                                                                                                                                 CHF                                        (8.9)                    3.8
                 3.3    Market risk
                                                                                                                                                 USD                                        (9.8)                    10.6
                                                                                                                                                 IDR                                        (3.5)                    (1.9)
                 Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk                                                                                     Other financial assets                     7.5                      17.6
                 The Group is exposed to interest rate risk from floating interest rate borrowings (Note 15)                                     Other financial liabilities               (13.1)                    (3.6)
                 and manages the potential that financial expenses increase when interest rates increase.
                 Sensitivity analysis is used to assess the interest rate risk.


                 In a stressed scenario a change of 10 basis points in the interest rates of interest-bearing
                 liabilities at the reporting date would have changed profit and equity by £0.1 million.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   65
                                                                                    TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                         All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 The Group’s sensitivity to foreign exchange fluctuations by currency is as follows:                                          • the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual
                                                                                                                                                cash flows.
                                                                       As at 31 March
                                                              2021                      2020                                                  • the contractual terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 Sensitivity to 5% exchange rate                                                                                                interest.
                 change (in £millions)
                 PHP                                           0.7                      0.1
                                                                                                                                              Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) comprise
                 INR                                           0.7                      0.2
                 BRL                                           0.2                       -                                                    investments into highly liquid bonds with the objective of both collecting contractual
                 AUD                                           0.2                      0.5                                                   cash flows and selling financial assets.
                 NZD                                           0.2                      (0.1)
                 EUR                                           (1.1)                    0.3                                                   Financial assets and liabilities by measurement basis:
                 CHF                                          (0.4)                     0.2                                                                                                                        As at 31 March
                 USD                                          (0.5)                     0.5                                                                                                                2021                     2020
                 IDR                                          (0.2)                     (0.1)                                                 Financial assets at amortised cost
                 Other financial assets                        0.4                      0.8                                                   Long term receivables                                         1.0                      6.0
                 Other financial liabilities                  (0.7)                     (0.2)                                                 Short term trade and other receivables                       76.3                     96.2
                                                                                                                                              Cash and cash equivalents                                  3,358.6                2,077.6
                                                                                                                                              Financial assets at amortised cost total                   3,435.9                2,179.8
                 3.4    Capital management
                                                                                                                                              Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                 The Group’s capital comprises ordinary share capital, share premium, reserves and                                            Non-current lease liabilities                               (16.6)                    (10.6)

                 retained earnings.                                                                                                           Non-current borrowings                                      (78.6)                    (49.0)
                                                                                                                                              Non-current trade and other payables                           -                      (5.8)
                                                                                                                                              Current lease liabilities                                    (3.5)                    (4.0)
                 The Group’s objectives when managing capital is to:
                                                                                                                                              Current borrowings                                             -                      (0.2)
                                                                                                                                              Current trade and other payables                           (3,859.3)             (2,108.4)
                 • safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that the Group can                                        Financial liabilities at amortised cost total              (3,958.0)             (2,178.0)
                   continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;
                                                                                                                                              Financial assets at FVOCI
                 • maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital; and                                                   Short-term financial investments                            737.5                     114.1
                                                                                                                                              Financial assets at FVOCI total                             737.5                     114.1
                 • adhere to regulatory requirements in each jurisdiction.


                 3.5    Carrying Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                                              Fair value hierarchy
                 The Group’s financial assets mainly consist of cash, short-term trade and other                                              The Group estimates that the fair values of assets and liabilities reported at amortised
                 receivables and listed bonds. Its financial liabilities include trade liabilities and obligations                            cost in the statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 do
                 towards financial institutions. All purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised                                   not materially differ from the carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial
                 on the settlement date according to market conventions.                                                                      statements.

                 The Group classifies its financial assets at amortised cost only if both of the following                                    The carrying amount of current accounts receivable and payable less impairments is
                 criteria are met:                                                                                                            estimated to be approximately equal to their fair value.


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   66
                                                                                 TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                      All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 IFRS 13 has sought to make measurements at fair value more consistent and comparable                                      Contractual maturity of financial liabilities based on undiscounted cash flows:
                 by categorising fair value according to the hierarchy of the inputs used to measure them.                                                                                          As at 31 March
                 These are categorised from Level 1 to Level 3 as follows.                                                                                                                 2021                      2020
                                                                                                                                            Less than 1 year
                 Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities which the Group                              Current lease liabilities                      (4.4)                     (4.6)
                                                                                                                                            Current borrowings*                            (2.4)                     (2.2)
                 can access at the date of measurement.
                                                                                                                                            Current trade and other payables             (3,859.3)               (2,108.4)
                                                                                                                                            Financial liabilities total                  (3,866.1)               (2,115.2)
                 Level 2 - Inputs, other than quoted market prices included in Level 1, that are observable
                 either directly or indirectly.                                                                                             Between 1 and 5 years
                                                                                                                                            Non-current lease liabilities                  (18.3)                    (11.1)
                 Level 3 - Inputs that are not based on observable market data.                                                             Non-current borrowings*                        (84.8)                    (50.9)
                                                                                                                                            Non-current trade and other payables              -                      (5.8)
                                                                                                                                            Financial liabilities total                   (103.1)                    (67.8)
                 The following table present the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
                                                                                                                                           * Current and non-current borrowings are including principal and interest, due to this correction
                 value by the level in the fair value hierarchy as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020:                                     comparative figures have been updated as following: Current borrowings increased by £2.0 million
                                                                                                                                           and Non-current borrowings by £1.0 million.
                                                                    As at 31 March
                                                            2021                     2020
                 Measurement Level 1                                                                                                       Note 4. Segment information
                 Financial assets
                                                                                                                                           Description of segment
                 Short-term financial investments           737.5                    114.1
                                                                                                                                           The information regularly reported to the Board of Directors, who are considered to be
                 Level 1 financial assets total             737.5                    114.1
                                                                                                                                           the CODM, for the purposes of resource allocation and the assessment of performance,
                                                                                                                                           is based wholly on the overall activities of the Group. Based on the Group’s business
                                                                                                                                           model the Group has determined that it has only one reportable segment under IFRS 8,
                 Financial instruments in level 1
                                                                                                                                           which is “Cross-border payment services provider”.
                 The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted
                 market prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices
                                                                                                                                           The Group’s revenue, assets and liabilities for this one reportable segment can be
                 are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group,
                                                                                                                                           determined by reference to the Statement of Comprehensive Income and Statement
                 pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly
                                                                                                                                           of Financial Position. The analysis of revenue by type of customers and geographical
                 occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis.
                                                                                                                                           regions, is set out in the note below.

                 The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current close                                  The Group determines revenue accross the following major geographical regions based
                 price at the balance sheet date.                                                                                          on the customer address:
                                                                                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                                                                           2021                      2020
                 If the fair value of the short-term financial assets would change by 1% at the reporting                                  Revenue by geographical regions
                 date, that would result in a £7.4 million increase or decrease in the balances and the                                    Europe                                          136.3                     94.5
                                                                                                                                           United Kingdom                                  95.8                      72.7
                 corresponding impact on the comprehensive income.
                                                                                                                                           Asia-Pacific                                    89.2                      47.4
                                                                                                                                           North America                                   73.0                      62.9
                 Financial instruments in level 2 and 3                                                                                    Rest of the world                               26.7                      25.1
                 At the end of reporting period the Group had no financial instruments in level 2 and 3.                                   Total                                           421.0                     302.6

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   67
                                                                                  TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                       All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 No individual customer contributed more than 10% to the total revenue.                                                     During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group recorded a £6.7 million specific
                                                                                                                                            provision relating to all of our funds being improperly withheld by a Brazilian financial
                                                                   Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                            institution, MS Bank S.A. Banco de Câmbio and all of the accounts receivable from the
                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                                                                            same party. Wise has filed a lawsuit pending service of process in the High Court of
                 Revenue by customer type
                 Personal                                       341.3              251.7                                                    Justice, Business and Property Courts of England and Wales, Commercial Court for the
                 Business                                        79.7              50.9                                                     return of these funds.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Year ended 31 March
                 Total                                          421.0              302.6
                                                                                                                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                                                                             Administrative expenses
                 At the end of each period the majority of the non-current assets were carried by                                            Employee benefit expense                                    141.6             102.7
                 TransferWise Ltd in the UK. Based on the location of the non-current asset the following                                    Outsourced services and other administrative costs          73.7              60.2
                 geographical breakdown on non-current assets is prepared:                                                                   Depreciation and amortisation                               21.7              20.6
                                                                                                                                             Less: Capitalisation of staff costs                         (19.5)            (14.7)
                                                                   Year ended 31 March                                                       Total administrative expenses                               217.5             168.8
                                                                 2021              2020
                 Non-current assets by geographical
                 region                                                                                                                     During the year the Group (including its overseas subsidiaries) obtained the following
                 United Kingdom                                  99.4              60.8                                                     services from the company’s auditors:
                 Rest of the world                               23.9               19.2                                                                                                                   Year ended 31 March

                 Total non-current assets                       123.3              80.0                                                                                                                  2021              2020
                                                                                                                                             Audit fees
                                                                                                                                             Fees payable to the company’s auditors and its associates
                                                                                                                                             for the audit of Company and Consolidated Financial          0.9               0.4
                                                                                                                                             Statements
                 Note 5. Cost of sales and administrative expenses
                                                                                                                                             Audit of the financial statements of the company’s
                                                                                                                                                                                                          0.2               0.1
                                                                                                                                             subsidiaries
                 Breakdown of expenses and other operating income by nature:                                                                 Total audit fees                                             1.1               0.5

                                                                                   Year ended 31 March                                       Assurance related fees
                                                                                 2021                 2020                                   Other assurance services                                     0.3               0.2
                 Cost of sales                                                                                                               Total assurance related fees                                 0.3               0.2
                 Bank and partner fees                                           117.8                84.2
                 Net foreign exchange and other product costs                     33.9                 27.2                                  Non-audit fees
                 Total cost of sales                                             151.7                111.4                                  Reporting accountant fees                                    1.0                -
                                                                                                                                             Total non-audit fees                                         1.0                -
                 Net credit losses on financial assets
                 Amounts charged to credit losses on financial assets             8.8                  3.1
                 Total net credit losses                                          8.8                  3.1



                 Expected credit losses are presented as net credit losses within gross profit operating
                 profit and subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against
                 the same line item.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   68
                                                                                      TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                           All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 6. Employee benefit expense                                                                                               Factors affecting income tax expense for the year

                                                                                       Year ended 31 March                                                                                                     Year ended 31 March
                                                                                    2021                  2020                                                                                               2021              2020
                 Salaries and wages                                                  86.4                 64.1                                   Profit on ordinary activities before taxation               41.1              20.4
                 Share based payment compensation expense*                           38.1                 24.0
                 Social security costs                                               14.0                  11.3                                  Profit on ordinary activities multiplied by
                                                                                                                                                                                                             7.8                3.9
                 Pension costs                                                        1.9                  1.4                                   the UK tax rate of 19%

                 Other employment taxes and insurance cost                            1.2                  1.9                                   Adjustments in respect of prior periods                     (2.2)             (0.2)

                 Total employee benefit expense                                     141.6                 102.7                                  Effect of expenses not deductible                           0.5                1.3
                                                                                                                                                 Movement in tax provisions                                  2.8                1.5
                                                                                                                                                 Deferred tax on branch profits                              0.8                1.3
                 * Refer to the note 18 for details on share options granted to employees
                                                                                                                                                 Employee option plan                                        0.5                0.5
                                                                                                                                                 Difference in overseas tax rates                            0.2                 -
                 The average number of employees (including directors) during the financial year ended                                           Deferred tax impact of rate change                          0.0                (1.1)
                 31 March 2021 was 2,243 (2020: 1,881 employees). Remuneration of directors are diclosed                                         Other adjustments                                           (0.2)              (1.8)
                 in Note 20.                                                                                                                     Total income tax expense                                    10.2               5.4



                 Note 7. Income tax expense                                                                                                     During the Chancellor’s Budget on 3 March 2021, a UK corporation tax rate increase from
                                                                                                                                                19% to 25%, effective from 1 April 2023 was announced. As this rate change was not
                 Income tax expense                                                                                                             substantively enacted as at 31 March 2021, deferred tax assets and liabilities within these
                                                                                       Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                                financial statements continue to be measured at 19%, the substantively enacted rate at
                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                                                                which they are expected to reverse.
                 Current income tax for the year
                 UK corporation tax                                                   6.2                  6.3
                 Foreign corporation tax                                              4.9                  1.8                                  If this rate change had been effective from the balance sheet date, the overall effect
                 Adjustment in respect of prior years                                (1.3)                 (1.2)                                of the change would be to increase deferred tax by approximately £16.2 million and
                 Total current tax expense for the year                               9.8                  6.9                                  increase the income tax expense for the year by £3.9 million.

                 Deferred income tax for the year
                                                                                                                                                Amounts recognised directly in equity
                 (Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets                           0.6                 (5.0)
                 Increase in deferred tax liabilities                                 0.7                  2.5                                                                                                 Year ended 31 March
                 Adjustment in respect of prior years                                (0.9)                 1.0                                                                                               2021              2020
                 Total deferred tax expense / (benefit) for the year                 0.4                  (1.5)                                  Aggregate current and deferred tax arising in the
                                                                                                                                                 reporting period and not recognised in net profit or loss
                 Total income tax expense for the year                               10.2                  5.4                                   or other comprehensive income but directly debited or
                                                                                                                                                 credited to equity:
                                                                                                                                                 Current tax: deduction for exercised options                6.4                5.9
                                                                                                                                                 Deferred tax: recognition of deferred tax asset on share
                                                                                                                                                                                                             20.2               22.6
                                                                                                                                                 based payments
                                                                                                                                                 Total amount recognised directly in equity                  26.6              28.5




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   69
                                                                            TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                 All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 The deferred tax asset in relation to share based payments is recognised based on the                                The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
                 accounting value per share closest to the balance sheet date which was 17 March 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Year ended 31 March
                 and 31 December 2019 in years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 respectively.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                                                       Deferred tax on branch profits                                 2.0                1.3
                 Movement in deferred tax balances                                                                                     Prepaid Expenses                                                -                 0.1
                                                                                                                                       Property, plant and equipment (capital allowances)             2.5                1.5
                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                       IFRS16 initial adoption impact                                  -                  1.7
                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                                                                       Total deferred tax liabilities                                 4.5                4.6
                 Opening deferred tax asset                                32.0                  8.2
                                                                                                                                       Set-off of deferred tax asset pursuant to set-off provisions   (2.5)              (4.6)
                 Share options outstanding                                 26.3                 26.6
                                                                                                                                       Net deferred tax liabilities                                   2.0                 -
                 Utilisation of tax losses in foreign subsidiaries          0.1                  (2.1)
                 Utilisation of tax losses in parent company               (2.5)                 (1.3)
                 Other short-term temporary differences                    0.8                   0.6
                 Closing deferred tax asset                                56.7                 32.0                                  The Group considers it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits in the
                                                                                                                                      future to realise the deferred tax asset. Consequently, the asset has been recognised in
                 The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:                                                         full as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 March 2020.

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020
                 Utilisation of tax losses in parent company               2.2                   4.7
                 Utilisation of tax losses in foreign subsidiaries         0.2                   0.1
                 Stock options outstanding                                 54.9                 28.9
                 Other short term temporary differences                    1.9                   1.0
                 IFRS16 initial adoption impact                             -                    1.9
                 Total deferred tax assets                                 59.2                 36.6


                 Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off
                                                                           (2.5)                (4.6)
                 provisions
                 Net deferred tax assets                                   56.7                 32.0




                 Movement in deferred tax liability:

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020
                 Opening deferred tax liability                              -                   0.3
                 Other short-term temporary differences                    2.0                  (0.3)
                 Closing deferred tax liability                            2.0                   0.0




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   70
                                                                TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                     All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 8. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                 Right-of-use assets          Leased office improvements             Office equipment          Assets under constuction     Total
                  At 1 April 2019


                  Cost                                                   15.7                              3.8                               2.6                          1.1                23.2
                  Accumulated depreciation                                 -                               (1.7)                             (1.3)                        -                  (3.0)
                  Net book value                                         15.7                              2.1                               1.3                          1.1                20.2



                  Additions                                               1.8                               1.9                              1.8                          -                  5.5
                  Reclassifications                                        -                               0.8                               0.2                         (1.0)                 -
                  Depreciation charge                                    (4.0)                             (1.7)                             (0.8)                        -                  (6.5)
                  Write-offs                                                                                -                                (0.1)                        -                  (0.1)


                  At 31 March 2020


                  Cost                                                   17.5                              6.5                               4.6                         0.1                 28.7
                  Accumulated depreciation                               (4.0)                             (3.4)                             (2.2)                        -                  (9.6)
                  Net book value                                         13.5                              3.1                               2.4                         0.1                 19.1


                  Additions                                              10.2                               1.7                              0.5                         0.4                 12.8
                  Reclassifications                                        -                                -                                 0.1                        (0.1)                 -
                  Depreciation charge                                    (4.4)                             (1.8)                             (0.8)                        -                  (7.0)
                  Foreign currency translation differences               (0.6)                             (0.1)                             (0.2)                        -                  (0.9)


                  At 31 March 2021


                  Cost                                                   26.4                              7.5                               4.0                         0.4                 38.3
                  Accumulated depreciation                               (7.7)                             (4.6)                             (2.0)                        -                 (14.3)
                  Net book value                                         18.7                              2.9                               2.0                         0.4                 24.0




                 Refer to note 15 for disclosure of security.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   71
                                                                           TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 9. Intangible assets
                                                                                                                                        Software                          Other intangible assets   Intangible assets total
                 At 1 April 2019


                 Cost                                                                                                                     30.2                                       -                       30.2
                 Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                 (9.8)                                      -                       (9.8)
                 Net book value                                                                                                           20.4                                       -                       20.4


                 Additions                                                                                                                15.4                                                               15.4
                 Amortisation charge                                                                                                      (14.1)                                     -                       (14.1)
                 Write-offs                                                                                                               (0.4)                                      -                       (0.4)


                 At 31 March 2020


                 Cost                                                                                                                     45.6                                       -                       45.6
                 Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                 (24.3)                                     -                      (24.3)
                 Net book value                                                                                                           21.3                                       -                       21.3


                 Additions                                                                                                                 19.3                                     1.6                      20.9
                 Amortisation charge                                                                                                      (14.5)                                   (0.2)                    (14.7)


                 At 31 March 2021


                 Cost                                                                                                                     45.8                                      1.6                      47.4
                 Accumulated amortisation                                                                                                 (19.7)                                   (0.2)                    (19.9)
                 Net book value                                                                                                           26.1                                      1.4                      27.5




                 Software is an internally generated intangible asset which consists of capitalised development costs.


                 Other intangible assets mainly comprise domain purchases.


                 In addition to capitalised amounts, the Group expensed £49.8 million of product engineering costs for the period ended 31 March 2021 (2020: £35.8 million).
                 These costs directly relate to the development of our product offerings and primarily comprise of employee costs of our engineering and product teams.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   72
                                                                                         TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                              All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 10. Earnings per share                                                                                                       Note 12. Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                                                                                                   comprehensive income
                 The following table reflects the income and share data used in the basic and dilutes
                 earnings per share (EPS) calculations:                                                                                            Short-term financial investments are recognised as debt investments at FVOCI and
                                                                                          Year ended 31 March                                      comprise the following investments in listed bonds:
                                                                                        2021                 2020                                                                                                            As at 31 March
                 Profit for the year                                                    30.9                  15.0                                                                                                   2021                     2020
                                                                                                                                                    Current assets
                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic                                                                               Listed bonds                                                     737.5                    114.1
                                                                                        16.4                  15.8
                 EPS (in millions of shares)
                                                                                                                                                    Total short-term financial investments:                          737.5                    114.1

                 Plus the effect of dilution from
                 Share options (in millions of shares)                                   3.2                  3.0
                                                                                                                                                   During the year, the following gains (losses) were recognised in other comprehensive
                 Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted                                                                               income:
                                                                                        19.6                 18.8
                 for the effect of dilution (in millions of shares)                                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 March
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2021                     2020
                 Basic EPS, in £                                                        1.88                 0.95                                   Debt investments at FVOCI
                 Diluted EPS, in £                                                      1.58                 0.80                                   Fair value gains (losses) recognised in other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (3.0)                     1.1
                                                                                                                                                    comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                                    Total fair value gains (losses) recognised in other
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (3.0)                     1.1
                 Note 11. Trade and other receivables                                                                                               comprehensive income


                                                                                          Year ended 31 March
                                                                                        2021                 2020                                  Note 13. Cash and cash equivalents
                 Non-current trade and other receivables
                 Office lease deposits                                                   1.0                  1.9                                                                                                            As at 31 March
                 Other non-current receivables                                          14.1                  5.7                                                                                                    2021                     2020
                 Total non-current trade and other receivables:                         15.1                  7.6                                   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                                    Cash at banks and in hand                                       2,968.6               1,933.2
                 Current trade and other receivables:                                                                                               Cash in transit between Group bank accounts *                    49.4                     20.5
                 Receivables from payment processors                                    44.3                  52.1                                  Cash in transit to customers **                                 108.6                     66.8
                 Collateral deposits                                                    26.0                 42.9                                   Investments into money market funds                             232.0                     57.1
                 Prepayments                                                             6.0                  6.4                                   Total cash and cash equivalents:                               3,358.6                2,077.6
                 Other receivables *                                                     5.0                  1.2                                  * Cash in transit between Group banks accounts represents liquidity movements in the process of
                 Total current trade and other receivables:                             81.3                 102.6                                 interbank clearing.


                 * Net of ECL provision of £14.2 million as at 31 March 2021 (2020: £6.1 million).                                                 ** Cash in transit to customers represents cash that has been paid out from the Group bank accounts but
                                                                                                                                                   hasn’t been delivered to the bank account of the beneficiary.


                                                                                                                                                   Of the £3,358.6 million (2020: £2,077.6 million) cash and cash equivalents at the year end
                                                                                                                                                   £286.1 million (2020: £155.1 million) is considered corporate cash balance not related to
                                                                                                                                                   customer funds which are held on Wise Accounts or collected from customers for Wise
                                                                                                                                                   Transfers. Refer to Note 16 for further details.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                                                                  73
                                                                                       TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                            All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 All customer funds are restricted with respect of their use (only for the pupose of                                             The undrawn amount of the revolving credit facility as at 31 March 2021 was £80.0 million
                 customer transactions) and are subject to various regulatory safeguarding compliance                                            (2020: £25.0 million).
                 requirements. Such requirements may vary accross the different jurisdications in which
                 the Group operates.                                                                                                             Debt movement reconciliation:

                                                                                                                                                                                      Revolving credit
                 At 31 March 2021, in addition to other highly liquid assets such as money market funds                                                                                                  Lease liabilities          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                          facility
                 and investment grade bonds, the Group was holding £2,472.9 million (2020: £1,599.1                                              As at 31 March 2019                        13.9                -                    13.9
                 million) worth of cash at bank in segregated, safeguarded bank accounts to secure                                               Cash flows:
                 customer deposits.                                                                                                              Proceeds                                  101.4                -                   101.4
                                                                                                                                                 Repayments                                (66.4)              (3.3)                (69.7)
                                                                                                                                                 Interest expense paid                      (2.1)             (0.8)                  (2.9)
                 Note 14. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                 Non-cash:
                                                                                              As at 31 March
                                                                                                                                                 Adoption of IFRS 16                         -                 15.7                  15.7
                                                                                      2021                     2020
                                                                                                                                                 New leases                                  -                 1.8                   1.8
                 Non-current trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                 Interest expense accrued                   2.4                0.8                   3.2
                 Non-current accruals and provisions                                  22.6                      7.4
                                                                                                                                                 Other                                       -                 0.4                   0.4
                 Total non-current trade and other payables:                          22.6                      7.4
                                                                                                                                                 As at 31 March 2020                       49.2                14.6                  63.8
                                                                                                                                                 Cash flows:
                 Current trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                                 Proceeds                                  118.6                -                   118.6
                 Outstanding money transmission liabilities *                         141.2                    118.0
                                                                                                                                                 Repayments                                (90.0)              (3.9)                (93.9)
                 Wise accounts                                                       3,712.7               1,967.3
                                                                                                                                                 Interest expense paid                     (2.2)              (0.8)                 (3.0)
                 Accounts payable                                                      3.1                     5.5
                                                                                                                                                 Non-cash:
                 Accrued expenses                                                     23.1                     11.0
                                                                                                                                                 New leases                                  -                 10.2                  10.2
                 Deferred revenue                                                      3.2                      1.0
                                                                                                                                                 Interest expense accrued                   3.0                0.8                   3.8
                 Other payables                                                        7.9                     4.9
                                                                                                                                                 Other                                       -                (0.8)                 (0.8)
                 Total current trade and other payables                              3,891.2               2,107.7
                                                                                                                                                 As at 31 March 2021                       78.6                20.1                  98.7
                 * Money transmission liabilities represents transfers that have not yet been paid out or delivered
                 to a recipient.

                                                                                                                                                 In 2021 the Group entered into the new debt facility with the Silicon Valley Bank,
                 Note 15. Borrowings                                                                                                             Citibank N.A., JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A. and National Westminster Bank plc , the
                                                                                              As at 31 March                                     facility is denominated in Pounds Sterling with maturity date in March 2024. The Group
                                                                                      2021                     2020                              also settled the previous debt facility maturing in August 2021 in March 2021. The facility
                 Current
                                                                                                                                                 bears interest at a rate per annum equal to SONIA or LIBOR as applicable (subject to a
                 Revolving credit facility                                              -                      0.2
                                                                                                                                                 ‘zero floor’) plus a margin determined by reference to adjusted leverage (calculated as a
                 Lease liabilities                                                     3.5                     4.0
                 Total current borrowings                                              3.5                     4.2                               ratio of debt to adjusted EBITDA). The agreement contains certain customary covenants,
                                                                                                                                                 including to maintain a maximum total net leverage ratio not in excess of 3:1 and interest
                 Non-current                                                                                                                     cover (calculated as a ratio of adjusted EBITDA to finance charges in accordance with the
                 Revolving credit facility                                            78.6                     49.0                              terms of the agreement) is not less than a ratio of 4:1 in respect of any relevant period.
                 Lease liabilities                                                    16.6                     10.6                              The Group has complied with the covenants throughout the reporting period.
                 Total non- current borrowings                                        95.2                     59.6


                 Total borrowings                                                     98.7                     63.8

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   74
                                                                                  TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                       All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 During the period ended 31 March 2021 the interest rate on the relevant facility was                                       Foreign currency exchange differences £20.9 million.
                 between 2.8% and 3.6% (2020: 3.4-3.8%).
                                                                                                                                            Tables below give a non-IFRS view of the “Corporate cash” metric that is used by the
                 The facility is secured by certain customary security interests and pledges including                                      Group management as a Key Performance Indicator in assessment of the Group ability
                 over shares in certain of Group entitites (TransferWise Inc.,TransferWise Europe SA and                                    to generate cash and maintain liquidity.
                 Wise Australia Pty Ltd), and fixed and floating pledges over assets and undertakings
                 of the TransferWise Ltd, excluding customer and partner funds, share capital or equity                                     Information presented is based on the Group internal reporting principles and might
                 contributions maintained for regulatory purposes, cash paid into a bank or collateral                                      differ from the similar information provided in IFRS disclosures.
                 account in connection with, and for the benefit of, relevant card scheme providers and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   As at 31 March
                 assets held in safeguarded accounts or otherwise segregated for regulatory purposes.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2021                      2020
                                                                                                                                             Cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                                             Profit for the year                                          30.9                       15.0
                 Note 16. Cash generated from operating activities                                                                           Adjustments for non-cash transactions                         76.5                      50.1
                                                                                                                                             Change in corporate working capital                           38.7                     (22.2)
                                                                                         As at 31 March
                                                                                                                                             Payment of income tax and interest charges                    (9.7)                     (2.7)
                                                                      Note       2021                     2020
                                                                                                                                             Net cash generated from operating activities                 136.4                     40.2
                 Cash generated from operations
                 Profit for the year                                             30.9                      15.0
                                                                                                                                             Net cash used in investing activities                        (23.2)                    (17.3)
                 Adjustments for
                 Depreciation and amortisation                        5, 8, 9    21.7                      20.6
                                                                                                                                             Net corporate cash generated from financing
                 Net loss on disposal of non-current assets             8        0.0                       0.1                                                                                            24.8                       31.1
                                                                                                                                             activities
                 Non-cash employee benefits expense – share-
                                                                                 38.5                      24.4
                 based payments
                                                                                                                                             Total increase in corporate cash                             138.0                     54.0
                 Foreign currency exchange differences                            17.1                     (3.9)
                 Accrued income taxes                                   7        10.2                      5.4
                                                                                                                                             Corporate cash at beginning of year                          155.1                      97.7
                 Effect of other non-monetary transactions                        5.7                      (0.9)
                                                                                                                                             Effect of exchange rate differences on corporate
                 Changes in operating assets and liabilities                                                                                                                                               (7.0)                     3.4
                                                                                                                                             cash
                 Decrease / (increase) in prepayments and
                                                                                  6.1                     (31.1)                             Corporate cash at end of year                                286.1                     155.1
                 receivables
                 Increase in trade and other payables                            30.0                       9.1
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   As at 31 March
                 Decrease in receivables from customers and
                                                                                  3.2                      35.5                                                                                 Note      2021                      2020
                 payment processors
                                                                                                                                             Breakdown of corporate and customer cash
                 Increase / (decrease) in liabilities to customers,
                                                                                 31.3                      (5.2)                             Cash and cash equivalents and short-term
                 payment processors and deferred revenue                                                                                                                                        12, 13   4,096.1                    2,191.7
                                                                                                                                             financial investments
                 Increase in Wise Accounts                                      1,881.6                   1,118.8
                                                                                                                                             Receivables from customers and payment
                 Cash generated from operations                                 2,076.3               1,187.8                                                                                              47.3                      53.3
                                                                                                                                             processors
                                                                                                                                             Adjustments for
                 The Group has changed the presentation of foreign exchange differences to better
                                                                                                                                             Outstanding money transmission liabilities and
                 align the relevant IFRS financial statement captions and reflect the underlying nature                                                                                                  (144.6)                    (122.6)
                                                                                                                                             other customer payables
                 of the transactions and the operations of Wise. As the result the following comparative                                     Wise Accounts                                       14      (3,712.7)              (1,967.3)
                 figures for the period ended 31 March 2020 were updated: Increase in Wise Accounts                                          Net corporate cash at end of year                            286.1                     155.1
                 £(20.3) million, Increase in trade and other payables £(0.8) million, Increase / (decrease)
                 in liabilities to customers, payment processors and deferred revenue £0.2 million and

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   75
                                                                                TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                     All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 17. Share capital and share premium
                                                                                                                                      As at 31 March
                                                                                                   2021                                                                             2020
                                      Class                       Nominal value, £          Number of shares            Share capital, £          Nominal value, £             Number of shares   Share capital, £


                 Ordinary                                             0.00001                   16,689,181                    166                      0.00001                    16,125,594            161
                 Seed preferred                                       0.00001                   5,014,000                      50                      0.00001                    5,014,000             50
                 Series A preferred                                   0.00001                   6,785,000                      68                      0.00001                    6,785,000             68
                 Series B preferred                                   0.00001                   2,828,975                      28                      0.00001                    2,828,975             28
                 Series C preferred                                   0.00001                   2,501,286                      25                      0.00001                    2,501,286             25
                 Series D preferred                                   0.00001                    871,648                        9                      0.00001                     871,648               9
                 Series E preferred                                   0.00001                   1,535,057                      15                      0.00001                    1,535,057             15
                 Total                                                                          36,225,147                    361                                                 35,661,560            356




                 During the financial year 2021 a total of 563,587 ordinary shares were issued for a total of                              On 24 December 2020, the shareholders of the Company passed a resolution that
                 £0.9 million (2020: 653,387 ordinary shares were issued for a total of £0.3 million).                                     the amount of £120,000,000 standing to the credit of the Company’s share premium
                                                                                                                                           account be cancelled, by way of capital reduction supported by a solvency statement,
                 All classes of shares give right to vote on proposed written resolutions of the Company.                                  and that the resulting sum be credited to the distributable reserves of the Company.
                 Any available profits which the Company may determine to distribute in respect of any
                 financial year will be distributed among the holders of the shares (pari passu as if the
                 shares constituted one class of share) pro rata to their respective holdings of shares.
                 On a distribution of assets on a liquidation or a return of capital the surplus assets of the
                 Company remaining after payment of its liabilities shall be applied:


                 • first in paying to each of the preferred shareholders;

                 • second in paying to Seedcamp;

                 • third the balance of the surplus assets (if any) shall be distributed among the holders of
                   ordinary shares pro rata to the number of ordinary shares held.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   76
                                                                                 TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                      All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                   Note 18. Share-based employee compensation                                                                              Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry dates and
                                                                                                                                           exercise prices:
                   The employee share option plan is designed to provide long-term incentives for all
                                                                                                                                            Grant date range     Expiry date range
                   employees to deliver long-term shareholder returns. Under the plan, participants are                                     12 months ended      12 months ended
                                                                                                                                                                                      Weigted average   Share options as at   Share options as at
                                                                                                                                                                                       exercise price     31 March 2021         31 March 2020
                   granted share options of the Parent Company, which vest gradually over a 4-year period.                                  31 March             31 March
                   Once vested, the options can be exercised only upon Exercise Trigger, such as Initial                                    2013                 2023                     £0.0037             117,043               250,112
                   Public Offering, secondary market sale or sale of the Parent Company.                                                    2014                 2024                     £0.0037             121,147              156,391
                                                                                                                                            2015                 2025                      £0.05             339,831               454,254
                                                                                                                                            2016                 2026                      £2.62             294,638               422,978
                   Options are granted under the plan for no consideration and carry no dividend or
                                                                                                                                            2017                 2027                      £3.88             284,825               347,699
                   voting rights.                                                                                                           2018                 2028                      £2.68             476,455               533,970
                                                                                                                                            2019                 2029                      £2.95              721,561              834,367
                   When exercisable, each option is convertible into one ordinary share.                                                    2020                 2030                      £5.82             766,622               1,103,542
                                                                                                                                            2021                 2031                       £2.14            618,346                   -
                   Set out below are summaries of options granted under the plan:                                                           Total                                                           3,740,468             4,103,313
                                                                                                                                            Weighted average remaining contractual life of options
                                                                                                                                                                                                            6.9 years              7.3 years
                                         Year ended 31 March 2021                 Year ended 31 March 2020                                  outstanding at end of period
                                                                            Average exercise
                               Average exercise price
                                                        Number of options    price per share       Number of options
                                per share option, £                                                                                        The assessed fair value at the grant date of share options granted during the year ended
                                                                                option, £
   Beginning of year                   £3.57                4,103,313            £1.75                   3,787,173                         31 March 2021 was £102 per option on average (2020: £61) The fair value of share options
   Granted during the year             £8.32                 510,855             £7.77                  1,222,870                          at each grant date is independently determined using the Black Scholes Model that
   Exercised during the year           £1.54                563,587              £0.39                   653,387                           takes into account the exercise price, the term of the share option, the share price at
   Forfeited during the year          £21.96                 310,113             £4.79                   253,343                           grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, the risk-free interest rate
   End of year                         £2.86                3,740,468            £3.57                  4,103,313
                                                                                                                                           for the term of the share option and the correlations and volatilities of the peer group
   Vested and exercisable as
   at end of year
                                       £3.28                2,457,675            £2.27                  2,375,539                          companies. The share price at the grant date is based on the most recent assessment
                                                                                                                                           performed the independent external appraiser.


                                                                                                                                           The model inputs for options granted during the year ended 31 March 2021 included:
                   In January 2021 the Group converted 91,833 options with average exercise price £60.9
                   into 85,406 restricted stock units (RSU) with average exercise price £0.0001 (presented                                 • Options are granted for no consideration and vest over the 4-year period according to
                   within forfeited and granted lines in the table above). The average incremental fair                                      the vesting conditions;
                   value of £52.37 per RSU will be recognised as an expense over the period from the                                       • Average exercise price: £8.32;
                   modification date to the end of the RSU vesting period. The expense for the original
                   option grant will continue to be recognised as if the terms had not been modified. The                                  • No dividends are expected to be paid;
                   fair value of the modified options was determined using the same models and principles                                  • Expected price volatility of the Company’s shares: 50%
                   as described below.
                                                                                                                                           • Risk-free interest rate: 0.13%

                                                                                                                                           • Expected price volatility is based on the comparative information of the peer-group
                                                                                                                                             companies.

                                                                                                                                           Risk-free interest rate is based on the UK 5-year government bond yield.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   77
                                                                           TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Note 19. Commitments                                                                                                Short-term employee benefits include salaries for the key management personnel.
                                                                                                                                     The gross salary of the highest paid director was £233 thousand (2020: £233 thousand).
                 The Group’s minimum future payments from non-cancellable agreements as at 31 March
                 2021 and as at 31 March 2020 are detailed below:                                                                    Share-based payment expense is related to employee share option plan (more
                                                                                                                                     information about the plan is provided in the Note 18).
                                                                            Year ended 31 March
                                                                          2021                    2020
                                                                                                                                     Our co-founder and Director, Taavet Hinrikus, also serves on the board of directors
                 Infrastructure subscriptions
                                                                                                                                     of Veriff Inc. Although Veriff Inc. did not meet the definition of a related party as set
                 No later than 1 year                                      2.5                     1.1
                 Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years               2.0                    2.9
                                                                                                                                     out in IAS 24 for the period ended 31 March 2021 and 2020, the Group purchased
                 Total                                                     4.5                    4.0                                approximately £0.3 million in services from Veriff Inc. in the ordinary course of business
                                                                                                                                     during current period (2020: £0 million).
                 Significant capital expenditure contracted
                 No later than 1 year                                      2.1                     -
                 Total                                                     2.1                     -
                                                                                                                                     Note 21. Ultimate parent company

                 The Group does not have any other material commitments, capital commitments or                                      TransferWise Ltd (the “Company”) is the ultimate parent Company of the Group. The
                 contingencies as at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020.                                                                Company is a private company limited by shared, incorporated and domiciled in the
                                                                                                                                     United Kingdom and registered in England and Wales. In the opinion of the Directors,
                                                                                                                                     the Group does not have a single ultimate controlling party.

                 Note 20. Transactions with related parties

                 Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related
                                                                                                                                     Note 22. Alternative performance measures
                 parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note.
                                                                                                                                     The Group uses a number of alternative performance measures (“APMs”) within its
                                                                                                                                     financial reporting. These measures are not defined under the requirements of IFRS and
                 During the financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2020 there were no
                                                                                                                                     may not be comparable with the APMs of other companies.
                 material transactions with related parties of the Group.

                                                                                                                                     The Group believes these APMs provide stakeholders with additional useful information
                 TransferWise identifies the Group Directors and Chief Financial Officer as the key
                                                                                                                                     in providing alternative interpretations of the underlying performance of the business
                 management personnel.
                                                                                                                                     and how it is managed and are used by the Directors and management for performance
                                                                                 As at 31 March                                      analysis and reporting. These APMs should be viewed as supplemental to, but not as
                                                                          2021                    2020                               a substitute for, measures presented in the financial statements which are prepared in
                 Compensation of key management personnel of the                                                                     accordance with IFRS.
                 Group
                 Short-term employee benefits                              0.5                    0.7
                 Share-based payment expense                               1.7                    1.4                                Adjusted EBITDA: Measure of profitability which is calculated as profit for the year
                 Total compensation paid to key management personnel       2.2                    2.1                                excluding the impact income taxes, finance expense, depreciation and amortisation,
                                                                                                                                     share-based payment compensation expense as well as exceptional items.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   78
                                                                            TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                 All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                 Adjusted EBITDA reconciles to profit for the year as follows:

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020
                 Profit for the year ended 31 March                        30.9                 15.0
                 Adjusted for:
                 Income tax expense                                         10.2                 5.4
                 Finance expense                                            3.8                  3.2
                 Depreciation and amortisation                              21.7                20.6
                 Share-based payment compensation expense                   38.1                24.0
                 Exceptional items                                          4.0                   -
                 Adjusted EBITDA                                           108.7                68.2
                 Revenue                                                   421.0                302.6
                 Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                   25.8%                22.5%


                 Exceptional items: Exceptional items are the items of income or expense that the Group
                 considers to be material, one-off in nature and of such significance that they merit
                 separate presentation in order to aid the reader’s understanding of the Group’s financial
                 perfomance. Such items currently include costs associated with the changes in the
                 Group’s organisational structure.




CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   79
Company financial
statements and notes




TITLE                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   80
                                                                                    TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                         All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Company statement of changes in equity
                for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Retained earnings/    Currency
                                                                                                                                             Share-based
                                                                                               Share capital         Share premium                                 Other reserves     (accumulated       translation       Total equity
                                                                                                                                           payment reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                          losses)        differences


                 At 1 April 2019 as previously reported                                               -                   120.8                   11.8                    1.2             (14.8)             0.1              119.1


                 Other adjustments                                                                    -                    (0.6)                    -                         -            0.6                -                 -


                 At 1 April 2019 restated *                                                           -                   120.2                   11.8                    1.2             (14.2)             0.1              119.1


                 Profit for the year - restated *                                                     -                      -                      -                         -            12.6               -               12.6
                 Share based employee compensation expense                                            -                      -                    24.4                        -             -                 -               24.4
                 Deferred tax on share-based compensation - restated *                                -                      -                    26.5                        -             -                 -               26.5
                 Fair value gain on investments                                                       -                     -                       -                     1.1               -                 -                1.1
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                             -                     -                       -                         -             -                0.1               0.1
                 Issue of share capital - restated *                                                  -                    0.3                    (0.9)                       -            0.9                -                0.3
                 At 31 March 2020                                                                     -                   120.5                   61.8                    2.3             (0.7)             0.2               184.1


                 At 31 March 2020 as originally reported                                              -                   121.9                   35.3                    2.3              3.9              0.4               163.8


                 Other adjustments                                                                    -                    (1.4)                    -                         -            1.5              (0.2)             (0.1)
                 Correction of error (deferred tax on share-based compensation) *                     -                     -                     26.5                        -            (6.1)              -               20.4


                 At 31 March 2020 restated *                                                          -                   120.5                   61.8                    2.3             (0.7)             0.2               184.1


                 Profit for the year                                                                  -                     -                       -                         -           29.0                -               29.0
                 Share based employee compensation expense                                            -                      -                    36.9                        -             -                 -               36.9
                 Deferred tax on share-based compensation                                             -                      -                    24.2                        -             -                 -               24.2
                 Fair value gain / (loss) on investments                                              -                      -                      -                    (3.0)              -                 -               (3.0)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                             -                      -                      -                         -             -               (1.0)             (1.0)
                 Issue of share capital                                                               -                    0.9                    (2.8)                       -            2.8                -                0.9
                 Reduction of share capital                                                           -                  (120.0)                    -                         -           120.0               -                 -
                 At 31 March 2021                                                                     -                    1.4                    120.1                  (0.7)            151.1             (0.8)             271.1




                * See Consolidated Financial Statement Note 1.22 for the details regarding the restatement of comparative figures for the Company.




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                    The notes on pages 83 to 91 are an integral part of Company financial statements.                                            ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   82
                                                                         TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                              All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Notes to the Company financial statements                                                                          The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis and on
                                                                                                                                   the going concern basis. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the
                for the year ended 31 March 2021.
                                                                                                                                   consideration given in exchange for the goods and services.


                                                                                                                                   The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires the
                                                                                                                                   use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise
                Note 1. Accounting policies for the company financial statements                                                   judgement in applying the Company’s accounting policies (refer below).


                Basis of preparation                                                                                               Significant Accounting Policies
                The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting                                 The following principal accounting policies have been applied in the preparation of
                Standard 101 – Reduced Disclosure Framework (FRS 101) as issued by the Financial                                   these financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years
                Reporting Council. The Company has not presented its own profit and loss account as                                presented, unless otherwise stated. The Company has adopted FRS 101 in these financial
                permitted by Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006.                                                                statements. Details of the transition to FRS 101 are disclosed in note 11.


                The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention. The                              Taxation
                principal accounting policies adopted by the company are set out below.                                            Tax on the profit or loss for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is
                                                                                                                                   recognised in the profit and loss account except to the extent that it relates to items
                In preparing these financial statements, the company has taken advantage of certain                                recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in which case it is
                exemptions permitted by FRS 101, as the equivalent disclosures are made in the group                               recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income. Current tax is the
                accounts.                                                                                                          expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period, using
                                                                                                                                   tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment
                Exemptions have been applied in respect of the following disclosures:                                              to tax payable in respect of previous periods.


                • The cash flow statement and related notes                                                                        Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
                                                                                                                                   assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation
                • Standards not yet effective
                                                                                                                                   purposes. The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of
                • Share based payments                                                                                             realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates
                                                                                                                                   enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
                • Capital management disclosures

                • The effects of new FRSs                                                                                          A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
                                                                                                                                   taxable profits will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.
                • The disclosure of the remuneration of key management personnel

                • Financial instrument disclosures                                                                                 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                   Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost, less any provisions to reflect impairment
                • A statement of financial position as at the beginning of the preceding period when
                                                                                                                                   in value.
                  an entity applies an accounting policy retrospectively or makes a retrospective
                  restatement
                                                                                                                                   Impairment of investments in subsidiaries
                • A reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the period                                    The Company assesses investments for impairment whenever events or changes in
                                                                                                                                   circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an investment may not be recoverable.

COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   83
                                                                              TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                   All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                If any such indication of impairment exists, the Company makes an estimate of the
                recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than
                the value of the investment, the investment is considered to be impaired and is written
                down to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in the
                profit and loss account.


                Share-based payments
                The Group operates a number of equity settled share based compensation plans for the
                employees of subsidiary undertakings using the Company’s equity instruments. The fair
                value of the compensation given in respect of these share based compensation plans
                is recognised as a capital contribution to the Company’s subsidiary undertakings over
                the vesting period. The capital contribution is reduced by any payments received from
                subsidiary undertakings in respect of these share-based payments.


                Key sources of estimation uncertaintly
                Preparation of the financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires that
                management make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported revenues,
                expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. If in the future
                such estimates and assumptions, which are based on management’s best estimates
                at the date of the financial statements, deviate from actual circumstances, the original
                estimate and assumptions will be updated as appropriate in the period in which the
                circumstances change.


                Estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
                factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
                under the circumstances. For the key sources of estimation uncertainty please refer to
                Note 2 of the Group Financial Statements, as they are also applicable to the Company.




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   84
                                                                                      TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                           All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 2. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                                                                             Leased office
                                                                                                            Right-of-use assets                                        Office equipment   Assets under constuction       Total
                                                                                                                                            improvements
                 At 1 April 2019


                 Cost                                                                                               10.4                          2.7                          1.9                  1.0                  16.0
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                             -                          (1.3)                         (1.1)                 -                   (2.4)
                 Net book value                                                                                     10.4                          1.4                          0.8                  1.0                   13.6


                 Additions                                                                                           1.8                          1.8                          1.7                   -                    5.3
                 Reclassifications                                                                                    -                           0.7                          0.2                 (0.9)                   -
                 Depreciation charge                                                                                (3.0)                        (1.3)                        (0.6)                  -                   (4.9)
                 Write-offs                                                                                           -                            -                           (0.1)                 -                    (0.1)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                                             -                          (0.1)                         (0.1)                 -                   (0.2)


                 At 31 March 2020


                 Cost                                                                                               12.2                          5.2                          3.8                  0.1                   21.3
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                           (3.0)                        (2.7)                         (1.9)                 -                   (7.6)
                 Net book value                                                                                     9.2                           2.5                          1.9                  0.1                   13.7


                 Additions                                                                                           7.1                          0.2                          0.3                  0.4                   8.0
                 Reclassifications                                                                                    -                            -                           0.1                  (0.1)                  -
                 Depreciation charge                                                                                (3.1)                        (1.4)                        (0.7)                  -                   (5.2)
                 Foreign currency translation differences                                                           (0.3)                          -                            -                    -                   (0.3)


                 At 31 March 2021


                 Cost                                                                                               19.0                          5.1                          3.0                  0.4                   27.5
                 Accumulated depreciation                                                                           (6.1)                        (3.8)                         (1.4)                 -                   (11.3)
                 Net book value                                                                                     12.9                          1.3                          1.6                  0.4                   16.2




                Refer to note 15 of the Group Financial statements for disclosure of security.




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   85
                                                                            TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                 All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 3. Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income

                Short-term financial investments are recognised as debt investments at FVOCI and
                comprise the following investments in listed bonds:

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                            2021                  2020
                 Current assets
                 Listed bonds                                               737.5                 114.1
                 Total short-term financial investments:                    737.5                 114.1




                During the year, the following gains were recognised in other comprehensive income:



                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                            2021                  2020
                 Debt investments at FVOCI
                 Fair value gains recognised in other comprehensive
                                                                            (3.0)                  1.1
                 income
                 Total fair value gains recognised in other comprehensive
                                                                            (3.0)                  1.1
                 income




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   86
                                                                  TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                       All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

Note 4. Investments in subsidiaries

The Company held investments in the following subsidiaries as at 31 March 2021:

Name                                           Nature of business Effective holding                    Country                        Registered address


TransferWise Inc.                              Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           USA                            108 West 13th Street, Wilmington, New Castel Delaware
                                               exchange service
TransferWise Japan Kabushiki Gaisha            Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Japan                          1-6-1, Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 100-0004
                                               exchange service
Wise Payments Canada Inc.                      Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Canada                         99 Bank Street, Suite 1420, Ottowa, ONK1P 1H4, Canada
                                               exchange service
Wise Asia-Pacific Pte. Ltd.                    Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Singapore                      1 Paya Lebar Link #13-06 - #13-08, PLQ 2, Paya Lebar Quarter
                                               exchange service                                                                       Singapore 408533
TransferWise Brasil Correspondente Cambial     Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Brazil                         Avenida Paulista, nº 2537, 10º floor, Bela Vista,, São Paulo, 01310-100,
Ltda.                                          exchange service                                                                       Brasil
TransferWise Malaysia Sdn. BHd.                Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Malaysia                       Level 19-1, Menara Milenium,
                                               exchange service                                                                       Jalan Damanela,
                                                                                                                                      Pusat Bandar Damansara
                                                                                                                                      50490 Kuala Lumpur
Wise Australia Pty Ltd                         Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Australia                      Gadens Lawyers
                                               exchange service                                                                       Level 20, MLC Centre, 19 Martin Place, Sydney, NSW, Australia 2000
TransferWise Europe S.A.                       Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Belgium                        Avenue Louise 54, room S52, 1050 Brussels, Belgium
                                               exchange service
PT TransferWise International Indonesia        Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Indonesia                      Jl. Mimosa Blok D 2 No. 22, RT 015 / RW 008, Kel. Sunter Jaya, Kec.
                                                                                                                                      Tanjung Priok, Jakarta Utara
TransferWise SpA                               Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Chile                          Los Militares 5001, oficina 1101, Las Condes
TINV Ltd.                                      Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           UK                             6th Floor, Tea Building, 56 Shoreditch High Street, London, England,
                                                                                                                                      E1 6JJ
TransferWise Mexico, S.A. de C.V.              Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Mexico                         Montecito 38, piso 37 oficina 30, Colonia Narvarte, WTC Mexico,
                                                                                                                                      Ciudad de México, C.P. 03810
TransferWise Brasil Corretora de Câmbio Ltda   Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Brazil                         Avenida Paulista 2537, ANDAR 10 CONJ 102, Bela Vista, Sao Paolo
Wise Nuqud Ltd                                 Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           United Arab Emirates           5-141, level 15, Al Khatem Tower, Adgm
                                               exchange service                                                                       Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab
                                                                                                                                      Emirates
TransferWise Hong Kong Limited                 Online currency       100% of ordinary shares           Hong Kong                      46/F, Lee Garden One, 33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
                                               exchange service
TransferWise Switzerland AG                    Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Switzerland                    Oberneuhofstrasse 6, 6340 Baar, Switzerland
TransferWise Borderless Limited                Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Israel                         7 Ribal
                                                                                                                                      Tel Aviv - Jaffa
                                                                                                                                      6777840
                                                                                                                                      Israel
TransferWise India Private Limited             Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           India                          506, Midas Chambers Co-op. Premises Soc. Ltd. Off, Link Road, Near
                                                                                                                                      Fun Republic Multiplex, Andheri (W), Mumbai - 400053, Maharashtra,
                                                                                                                                      INDIA
Wise Brasil Pagamentos LTDA                    Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           Brazil                         Avenida Paulista 2537, ANDAR 10 CONJ 102, Bela Vista, Sao Paolo
Wise China Ltd                                 Inactive              100% of ordinary shares           China                          Room 150, 4th Floor, Fuhui Building C, No. 16 Qixia Road, Pudong
                                                                                                                                      New Area, Shanghai, China, 200120                                          87
                                                                              TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                   All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 4. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)                                                                         Note 6. Trade and other payables
                                                           Year ended 31 March                                                                                                                                       As at 31 March
                                                         2021                     2020                                                                                                                       2021                     2020
                 Share in group undertakings                                                                                            Non-current trade and other payables
                 Beginning of year                        12.1                     9.7                                                  Accrued expenses                                                      18.1                     7.1
                 Additions in year                        19.7                    2.4                                                   Total non-current trade and other payables                            18.1                     7.1
                 End of year                              31.8                    12.1
                                                                                                                                        Current trade and other payables
                During the period, TransferWise Ltd, the parent company of the Group, increased                                         Outstanding money transmission liabilities *                         53.2                     75.5
                                                                                                                                        Wise Accounts                                                       1,661.2               1,595.0
                share capital of subsidiaries by £15.9 million (Wise Australia Pty Ltd by £12.8 million,
                                                                                                                                        Accounts payable                                                      3.0                     5.0
                TransferWise Brasil Corretora de Câmbio Ltda by £2.5 million, Wise Brasil Pagamentos
                                                                                                                                        Accrued expenses                                                      17.6                    8.3
                Ltda by £0.3 million, TransferWise Borderless Limited by £0.2 million and TransferWise                                  Deferred revenue                                                      2.4                     0.6
                Switzerland AG by £0.1 million) and added a capital contribution by issuing share options                               Payables to Group companies                                          150.6                    42.3
                to all subsidiaries in total by £3.8 million. (2020: TransferWise Ltd increased shared                                  Other payables                                                        3.7                     4.7
                capital of TINV Ltd. by £0.2 million, TransferWise Nuqud LTD by £0.3 million and PT                                     Total current trade and other payables                              1,891.7               1,731.4

                TransferWise International Indonesia by £0.1 million and added a capital contribution by
                issuing share options to all subsidiaries in total by £1.8 million).                                                    * Money transmission liabilities represents transfers that have not yet been paid out or delivered to a
                                                                                                                                        recipient.


                Note 5. Trade and other receivables                                                                                     Amounts due to Group companies are unsecured, interest free and are usually paid
                                                                 As at 31 March
                                                                                                                                        within 30 days of recognition.
                                                         2021                     2020
                 Non-current receivables                                                                                                Note 7. Cash and cash equivalents
                 Lease deposits                           0.4                      1.2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     As at 31 March
                 Other non-current receivables            14.0                     5.7
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2021                     2020
                 Total non-current receivables            14.4                    6.9
                                                                                                                                        Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                        Cash at banks and in hand                                           1,133.2               1,607.8
                 Current receivables
                                                                                                                                        Cash in transit between Group bank accounts *                        46.8                     17.9
                 Receivables from payment processors      24.8                    29.1
                                                                                                                                        Cash in transit to customers **                                      45.3                     31.1
                 Collateral deposits                      24.8                    23.5
                                                                                                                                        Investments into money market funds                                  10.0                      -
                 Prepayments                              5.1                      5.7
                                                                                                                                        Total cash and cash equivalents                                     1,235.3               1,656.8
                 Receivables from Group companies        102.4                    66.6
                                                                                                                                       * Cash in transit between Group banks accounts represents liquidity movements being processed by
                 Other receivables                        2.1                     0.6
                                                                                                                                       banks.
                 Total current receivables               159.2                    125.5

                                                                                                                                       ** Cash in transit to customers represents cash that has been paid out from the Company bank
                                                                                                                                       accounts but hasn’t been delivered to the bank account of the beneficiary.
                Amounts due from Group companies are unsecured, interest free and are repayable
                on demand.                                                                                                             Balance for Cash in transit between Group accounts was incorrectly presented as
                                                                                                                                       Cash in transit to customers and vice versa as at 31 March 2020. They were re-
                                                                                                                                       presented as part of comparatives.



COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   88
                                                                         TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                              All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 8. Transactions with related parties

                Transactions with related parties of the Company are detailed below:

                                                                                 As at 31 March
                                                                        2021                      2020
                 Sales and purchases of services
                 Sales of services to subsidiary undertakings           158.8                     75.0
                 Purchase of services from subsidiary undertakings      (57.9)                    (49.5)


                 Outstanding balances arising from sales/purchases of
                 services
                 Current receivables (sales of services)
                 Subsidiary undertakings                                101.8                     51.8
                 Current payables (purchases of services)
                 Subsidiary undertakings                                150.6                     42.4


                 Loans to subsidiary undertaking                         0.6                      14.8




                Management services provided by the Company and received from subsidiary
                undertakings were made on normal commercial terms and conditions and at market
                rates.


                The amounts due to subsidiary undertakings are unsecured and are repayable in cash.




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   89
                                                                            TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                                 All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 9. Deferred tax                                                                                                  The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:


                                                                             Year ended 31 March                                                                                                  Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020                                                                                            2021              2020
                 Opening deferred tax asset                                29.4                  8.1                                  Deferred tax on branch profits                            2.0                1.3
                 Share options outstanding                                 24.2                 24.5                                  Property, plant and equipment (Capital allowances)        2.3                1.2
                 Utilisation of tax losses in foreign subsidiaries          -                     -                                   IFRS16 initial adoption impact                             -                 1.7
                 Utilisation of tax losses in parent company               (2.5)                (1.3)                                 Total deferred tax liabilities                            4.3                4.2
                 Other short-term temporary differences                    0.8                  (1.9)                                                                                                               -
                 Closing deferred tax asset                                51.9                 29.4                                  Set-off of deferred tax asset pursuant to set-off
                                                                                                                                                                                                (2.3)             (4.2)
                                                                                                                                      provisions
                                                                                                                                      Net deferred tax liabilities                              2.0                 -

                The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                                                                      The Company considers it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits in the
                 Utilisation of tax losses in parent company               2.2                   4.7
                 Utilisation of tax losses in foreign subsidiaries          -                     -
                                                                                                                                      future to realise the deferred tax asset. Consequently, the asset has been recognised in
                 Stock options outstanding                                 50.8                 26.6                                  full as at 31 March 2021 and as at 31 March 2020.
                 Other short term temporary differences                    1.2                   0.4
                 IFRS16 initial adoption impact                             -                    1.9
                 Total deferred tax assets                                 54.2                 33.6


                 Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off
                                                                           (2.3)                (4.2)
                 provisions
                 Net deferred tax assets                                   51.9                 29.4


                Movement in deferred tax liability:

                                                                             Year ended 31 March
                                                                           2021                 2020
                 Opening deferred tax liability                             -                     -
                 Other short-term temporary differences                    2.0                    -
                 Closing deferred tax liability                            2.0                    -




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   90
                                                                          TransferWise Ltd Annual report for the year ended 31 March 2021, Registered number: 07209813
                                                                                               All amounts are in £ million unless otherwise stated

                Note 10. Borrowings                                                                                                 Debt movement reconciliation:


                                                                                As at 31 March                                                                           Revolving credit
                                                                                                                                                                                            Lease liabilities          Total
                                                                         2021                    2020                                                                        facility
                 Current                                                                                                            As at 31 March 2019                        13.9                -                    13.9
                 Revolving credit facility                                -                      0.2                                Cash flows:
                 Lease liabilities                                       2.0                     3.2                                Proceeds                                  101.4                -                   101.4
                 Total current borrowings                                2.0                     3.4                                Repayments                                (66.4)              (2.5)                (68.9)
                                                                                                                                    Interest expense paid                      (2.1)              (0.5)                 (2.6)
                 Non-current                                                                                                        Non-cash:
                 Revolving credit facility                               78.6                    49.0                               Adoption of IFRS 16                         -                 10.4                  10.4
                 Lease liabilities                                       12.1                    6.9                                New leases                                  -                 1.8                   1.8
                 Total non- current borrowings                           90.7                    55.9                               Interest expense accrued                   2.4                0.5                   2.9
                                                                                                                                    Other                                       -                 0.4                   0.4
                 Total borrowings                                        92.7                    59.3                               As at 31 March 2020                       49.2                10.1                  59.3
                                                                                                                                    Cash flows:
                                                                                                                                    Proceeds                                  118.6                -                   118.6
                                                                                                                                    Repayments                                (90.0)              (3.3)                (93.3)
                The undrawn amount of the revolving credit facility as at 31 March 2021 was £80.0 million
                                                                                                                                    Interest expense paid                     (2.2)               (0.6)                (2.8)
                (2020: £25.0 million).
                                                                                                                                    Non-cash:
                                                                                                                                    New leases                                  -                  7.1                   7.1
                                                                                                                                    Interest expense accrued                   3.0                0.6                   3.6
                                                                                                                                    Other                                       -                 0.2                   0.2
                                                                                                                                    As at 31 March 2021                       78.6                14.1                  92.7



                                                                                                                                    For additional information related to Borrowings please refer to the Group Consolidated
                                                                                                                                    Financial Statements Note 15.


                                                                                                                                    Note 11. Transition to FRS 101

                                                                                                                                    This is the first year that the Company has presented its results under FRS 101. The
                                                                                                                                    date of transition to FRS 101 was 1 April 2020. There was no transitional effect on the
                                                                                                                                    Company statement of financial position and Company statement of changes in equity.


                                                                                                                                    In the transition to FRS 101, the Company has applied IFRS 1; first-time adoption of
                                                                                                                                    International Financial Reporting Standards, whilst ensuring its assets and liabilities are
                                                                                                                                    measured in compliance with FRS 101.




COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021   91
TransferWise Ltd


Registered number: 07209813


6th Floor Tea Building
56 Shoreditch High Street
London E1 6JJ, UK




                              ANNUAL REPORT AND ACCOUNTS 2021
