APPLICATION
to the
OFFICE OF THE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY
by
the Organizers of the proposed
WISE NATIONAL TRUST,
a nondepository trust company,
pursuant to
12 U.S.C. §§ 21 et seq. and 92a and 12 C.F.R. §§ 5.20 and 5.26

JUNE 16, 2025

REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Confidential treatment is being requested under the federal Freedom of Information Act, 5
U.S.C. § 552 (the “FOIA”) and the implementing regulations of the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency (the “OCC”), for the information contained in the Confidential Exhibits Volume to
this application (the “Confidential Materials”). The Confidential Materials include, for example,
nonpublic pro forma financial information regarding the business strategies and plans of Wise plc
(together with its subsidiaries, “Wise”), the proposed Wise National Trust (“Trust Company” or
“WNT”),1 their affiliates, and other information regarding additional matters of a similar nature,
which is commercial or financial information that is both customarily and actually treated as
private by WNT and Wise and provided to the government under the assurance of privacy. Certain
information in the Confidential Materials may also include confidential supervisory information,
which is protected from disclosure. None of this information is the type of information that would
otherwise be made available to the public under any circumstances. All such information, if made
public, could result in substantial and irreparable harm to Wise and WNT. Other exemptions from
disclosure under the FOIA may also apply. In addition, investors and potential investors could be
influenced or misled by such information, which is not reported in any documents filed or to be
filed in accordance with the disclosure requirements of applicable securities laws, as a result of
which Wise could be exposed to potential inadvertent violations of law or exposure to legal claims.
Accordingly, confidential treatment is respectfully requested for the Confidential Materials under
the FOIA and the OCC’s implementing regulations.
Please contact Rosemary Spaziani at rspaziani@gibsondunn.com or (212-351-6255)
before any public release of any of this information pursuant to a request under the FOIA or a
request or demand for disclosure by any governmental agency, congressional office or committee,
court, or grand jury. Such prior notice is necessary so that Wise, including WNT, may take
appropriate steps to protect such information from disclosure.

1

The entity that will become the proposed Trust Company is currently registered as 279 NEWCO Inc. and will be
subject to a change of name to “Wise National Trust” upon approval.

INTERAGENCY CHARTER AND FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE APPLICATION


(Check all appropriate boxes.)
Type of Charter

Chartering Agency

National Bank

Comptroller of the Currency

State Bank

State

Federal Savings Bank or Association
State Savings Association
Other
Special Focus

Type of Insurance Application

Community Development

De Novo

Cash Management

Operating Noninsured Institution

Trust

Other

Bankers' Bank
Credit Card

Non-CEBA

Federal Reserve Status

CEBA

Other

Member Bank
Nonmember Bank

For OCC:

Standard

Expedited

Proposed Depository Institution (institution)
Name Wise National Trust
Street

10025 Alterra Parkway, 23rd Floor

City

Austin

State TX

Zip

State

Zip

State NY

Zip

78758

Holding Company Identifying Information (if applicable)
Name
Street

City

Contact Person
Name

Rosemary Spaziani

Title/Employer Partner, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher
Street

200 Park Ave

Phone # 212-351-6255

City
Fax #

New York

E-mail Address rspaziani@gibsondunn.com

10166-0193

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY .......................................................................................................... 1
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT ................................................................................................. 1
THE COMPANY .......................................................................................................................... 2
Business Model and Direct Access to Payment Rails .................................................................... 2
Financial Strength and Stability ...................................................................................................... 3
WISE US HOLDINGS, INC. ........................................................................................................ 3
WISE NATIONAL TRUST.......................................................................................................... 4
Business Model and Direct Access to Payment Rails .................................................................... 4
Organizing Group, WNT Board and Management ......................................................................... 5
U.S. Operations and Personnel ....................................................................................................... 9
Capital ........................................................................................................................................... 11
BSA/AML Program ...................................................................................................................... 11
Enterprise Risk Management Framework .................................................................................... 12
Information Systems and Security ................................................................................................ 17
Premises and Fixed Assets ............................................................................................................ 18
Convenience and Needs of the Community.................................................................................. 18
RESPONSES TO THE INTERAGENCY CHARTER AND FEDERAL DEPOSIT
INSURANCE APPLICATION ............................................................................................ 22
FIDUCIARY POWERS APPLICATION ................................................................................ 36

i

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Wise plc (together with its subsidiaries, “Wise”) is an established global financial
company, headquartered in the United Kingdom (“UK”), offering cross-border payment services,
with the mission to securely and compliantly make moving the world’s money faster, more
affordable, more convenient and more transparent for people and businesses. Wise entities are
regulated and hold licenses as an e-money institution (“EMI”), payment service provider (“PSP”)
or a money transmitter across 17 different jurisdictions – currently holding over 65 such licenses
around the world.
In the United States, Wise operates primarily via its subsidiary, Wise US Inc. (“Wise US”).
Wise US holds money transmission licenses (“MTLs”) in 48 states. 2 Wise US has operated since
2015 and has over 1.8 million active U.S. customers. In the financial year 2024 ending March 31,
2024 (“FY 2024”), the U.S. represented 20% of Wise’s revenue, totaling $269 million in revenue.
Further, U.S. Dollar (“USD”) is already the largest currency for Wise globally, representing 48%
of global cross-border volume. Currently, Wise US has over 750 employees based in the U.S.,
including over 450 employees in Austin, TX. In a concerted effort to bring secure, compliant,
faster and more affordable cross-border payments to U.S. customers and small businesses, Wise
appointed an organizing group for a proposed nondepository trust bank, which is comprised of
Wise executives and an independent industry expert (the “Organizing Group”).
The Organizing Group is submitting this application to the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (the “OCC”) to charter a nondepository national trust bank with fiduciary powers (the
“Application”), Wise National Trust (“Trust Company” or “WNT”). WNT will be a wholly owned
subsidiary of Wise US Holdings, Inc. and will operate under the title of “Wise National Trust”. 3
WNT will also seek membership with the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas to obtain a Master
Account and, as a result, establish a direct connection to the Federal Reserve payments systems.
WNT will offer multicurrency accounts, payment processing and fiduciary services to its
direct customers and to global Wise affiliates, which will serve to securely and compliantly
improve the speed and cost of traditional fiat money transfers and related services for customers.
Based on the foregoing and as explained in more detail below and in the exhibits to the
Application, the proposed Trust Company is fully consistent with approval requirements and
should be chartered as soon as possible.
PRELIMINARY STATEMENT
The Organizing Group is hereby submitting this Application to the OCC and respectfully
requests approval to charter a national nondepository trust bank and to engage in fiduciary
activities under §§ 5.20 and 5.26 of the OCC’s regulations.

2

Wise US holds MTLs in all U.S. states except Montana and Nevada.

3

The entity that will become the proposed Trust Company is currently registered as 279 NEWCO Inc. and will be
subject to a change of name to “Wise National Trust” upon approval.

1

THE COMPANY
Wise plc is a global payments company co-founded in 2011 by Kristo Käärmann and
Taavet Hinrikus under its original name, “TransferWise.” Wise plc is headquartered in the UK
and is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker WISE. Wise has developed a
proprietary money movement network that is utilized to deliver on its mission of affordable,
instant, convenient, secure, compliant and transparent cross-border payments. In a traditional
cross-border payments correspondent banking model, correspondent banks in the payment chain
add friction by increasing payment processing times, charging additional transaction fees and
exposing the transaction to fluctuating exchange rates. In contrast to the traditional correspondent
banking model, Wise uses its local payment account network and global scale to continuously
improve security, compliance, speed, transparency and price, reducing the frictions highlighted in
traditional correspondent banking.
The current and pro forma organizational structures of Wise are set forth in Exhibits 1 and
2, respectively. Wise includes 21 regulated affiliates holding licenses across 17 jurisdictions. The
majority of these regulated affiliates are 100% (or nearly) owned by Wise Payments Ltd, a UK
entity authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority as an EMI.
Business Model and Direct Access to Payment Rails
As noted above, Wise has developed a proprietary money movement network to deliver on
its mission of affordable, instant, convenient, secure, compliant and transparent cross-border
payments. Wise’s affiliates are able to open local accounts and access domestic low- and highvalue payment rails for money movement. For example, a customer seeking to send money from
the U.S. in USD to a European recipient in Euros will initiate a “pay-in” of USD into Wise’s U.S.
domiciled bank account with an instruction to pay funds to a recipient in Euros. Wise subsequently
pays out Euros to the intended recipient from Wise’s Euro bank account domiciled in Europe.
Because Wise controls both the pay-in and pay-out of transfers, it can provide certainty on the
exchange rate for certain currencies for a defined time period.
Wise money transfers are generally faster and less expensive than other service providers. 4
In addition, Wise has direct integrations with a number of central bank payment systems. Wise
refers to “direct access” as any jurisdiction in which it has directly integrated with the local central
bank payment rails to originate, clear and settle payments on those rails. The nature of Wise’s
license and the payments regulations regime in a jurisdiction determine whether or not Wise can
connect directly to a national payments system.
Wise offers three financial services globally. First, Wise processes payments for money
transfers for individuals, businesses and third-party platform clients (“Payments Processing”).
This product functions as a remittance and cross-border payments tool, allowing individuals and
businesses to leverage fast, transparent and affordable payments to send and receive money
internationally. Second, Wise provides stored value accounts (“Multi-Currency Account” or
4

Currently, 63% of Wise payments are instant or delivered in under 20 seconds and 94% arrived within 24 hours.
Wise is significantly less expensive than other global remittance services and has a global average price of 0.59% per
transaction, a fraction of the global average of 6.35% per World Bank data as of March 2024.

2

“MCA”). The MCA enables customers to send, spend, hold and receive different currencies.
Features of the MCA product include access to local account details in 10 countries, a debit card
to spend in 200 countries and the use of the mid-market exchange rate for cross-currency transfers.
Third, Wise provides an investment product, enabling customers to invest their cash balances in
money market funds. The availability of these three products in a certain jurisdiction is ultimately
dependent on the regulatory licenses and approvals that Wise holds. 5
Financial Strength and Stability
As of FY 2024, over 12.8 million people and businesses use Wise, which processes an
average of over $12 billion6 in cross-currency transaction volume per month and over 2.5 million
transactions per day, saving customers more than $2.3 billion a year in fees. Wise has over 5,500
employees across 28 offices in 23 countries. Wise had total revenue of $1.3 billion, an adjusted
EBITDA of $723 million, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 40.6% and $1.2 billion of total common
equity.7
After accounting for costs and reinvestments, Wise generated $305.3 million of underlying
profit before tax (“PBT”) in FY 2024. This represented a 226% increase over FY 2023 and an
underlying PBT margin of 21% in FY 2024. Reported PBT increased significantly to $607.8
million and basic earnings per share increased to $0.43, an increase of more than three times over
FY 2023 for each. Wise has seen underlying income grow by a compound annual growth rate
(“CAGR”) of 41% and underlying profit before tax by a CAGR of 83% over the last three years,
driven by customer growth, account adoption and higher interest rates. Based on its historically
strong financial performance and strong capital position, Wise is well-positioned to invest in and
provide ongoing support of Trust Company. This support includes investment in operations, risk,
compliance and security talent to ensure adherence with all applicable laws, regulations and the
highest standards of risk management. For information on Wise’s financial risk management
practices, see the Financial Risk Management in Confidential Exhibit A.
WISE US HOLDINGS, INC.
Wise currently operates in the U.S. via Wise US, a licensed money transmitter in 48 states.
Wise US is currently a subsidiary of Wise Payments Ltd; however, it will be repositioned as a
subsidiary of Wise US Holdings, Inc. prior to the launch of Trust Company. Thus, the U.S.
operations of Wise will all be held under Wise US Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Wise Financial
Holdings, and each of Wise US, Trust Company and Wise US Assets Inc., a U.S. broker-dealer,
will be subsidiaries of Wise US Holdings, Inc. Please see Exhibits 1 and 2 for current and pro
forma organizational charts.

5

Wise does not currently offer the investment product in the U.S. but may do so in the future. Wise US Assets Inc.
received approval from FINRA for its broker-dealer license application on April 2, 2025, and is registered with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
See Wise plc 2024 Annual Report and Accounts, WISE (June 13, 2024), https://wise.com/imaginaryv2/images/3f1628373b212ca54c1ac73c68d69b72-WISE-2024-Annual-Report-and-Accounts.pdf.

6

7

Based on USD/GBP FX exchange rate of 0.7920.

3

Wise US has operated in the U.S. market since 2015 and has over 1.8 million active U.S.
customers.8
USD is already the largest currency for Wise globally, representing 48% of global cross
border volume. During FY 2024, Wise cross-border volume for USD 9 was equivalent to $93
billion. Based on recent growth drivers, Wise expects to be moving approximately $160 billion in
USD cross-border volume by 2029, representing 50% of Wise’s volume, demonstrating the
significance of U.S. customers and USD clearing to Wise globally. Payments to USD or from
USD is the highest in volume globally at Wise with volumes of $120 billion in FY 2024. 10
WISE NATIONAL TRUST
Trust Company will be organized in the state of Texas and headquartered at 10025 Alterra
Pkwy, 23rd Floor, Austin, TX 78758. Trust Company intends to operate as a nondepository trust
bank providing fiduciary and payments services to consumer and business customers through
digital product distribution channels (web and mobile), as well as to Wise affiliates.
Trust Company will seek to obtain a Master Account with the Federal Reserve Bank of
Dallas and, as such, establish a direct connection to the Federal Reserve payments systems to clear
and settle USD payments.
Business Model and Direct Access to Payment Rails
Trust Company will offer two primary products directly to U.S. individuals and businesses
that seek to establish an MCA: Payments Processing and fiduciary services. In addition, Trust
Company expects to provide these products and services to its affiliates and third-party banks and
financial service providers. These products will be substantially similar to the payment processing
and MCA offerings of Wise US’s current U.S. and USD products, a portion of which will be
migrated to Trust Company, which will enable a broader suite of fiduciary services to be offered
directly by Trust Company.
Payments Processing. Wise allows customers to send and receive money in over 50
currencies. Wise offers a fast, transparent and affordable way to move money across borders.
Further, it provides a platform-based solution that enables third-party financial institutions to
provide money transfer services to their customers. Trust Company expects to offer payment
processing services (i) to its own direct customers; (ii) to Wise affiliates, including Wise US and
its customers conducting money transfers; and (iii) via virtual accounts issued to Wise affiliate and
third-party customers for the purpose of receiving USD.
MCA. MCA is a stored-value product offered by Wise that allows customers to hold and
manage funds in various currencies. MCA has features designed for both domestic and
8

Customers with an address in the U.S. that successfully performed a transaction in FY 2024.

9

USD cross-border volume includes transactions initiated by U.S. and non-U.S.-based customers that are converting
money from or to USD (also including balance conversions and Wise to Wise account transfers) or transferring USD
globally.

10

As of FY 2024. Total volume processed to and from USD including cross-border and domestic volume.

4

international use. For example, business customers will store value in their account for use in
international payroll or cross border supplier invoice payments. Trust Company will offer the
MCA product directly to U.S.-based individuals and businesses, including current Wise US MCA
customers whose accounts will be migrated to WNT. Initially, such MCA customers will have the
option to (i) direct funds to be placed in a master trust account pursuant to a master trust agreement
(the “Trust Agreement”), for which WNT will serve as the trustee and invest such funds as
fiduciary, or (ii) opt-in for a custodial account, with funds to be placed by WNT with U.S.
depository institutions in pass-through depository account(s) for the benefit of WNT’s customers.
Fiduciary Services. Trust Company seeks to offer the fiduciary services to Trust
Company’s U.S.-based MCA customers. Trust Company will act as a fiduciary, investing the
customer funds placed into the master trust pursuant to the Trust Agreement signed by each
customer, or placing the funds with U.S. insured depository institutions in pass-through depository
accounts. Further, Trust Company seeks to provide fiduciary services to Wise US to custody
statutorily required permissible investments for money transfers in transit initiated by customers
of Wise US. Wise US expects to hold funds in a custodial account at WNT and direct Trust
Company on any investments for such funds. Trust Company would serve as custodian for Wise
US’ funds in bank accounts and investments.
The creation of Trust Company with a Federal Reserve Master Account benefits Wise’s
future growth and operations, as well as its U.S. customer base. Wise’s ability to provide fast,
reliable and low-cost cross-border payments to U.S. customers and customers transacting in USD
will benefit in the following ways:
● WNT would be subject to direct regulatory oversight from the OCC, which is
appropriate for a payments company of Wise’s scope and scale;
● WNT could offer expanded fiduciary services on behalf of Trust Company clients,
including MCA customers and Wise affiliates;
● WNT could issue virtual accounts to non-U.S. Wise affiliates, enabling non-U.S.
customers of those affiliates to receive USD;
● WNT would be able to process USD payments for its customers and affiliates without
reliance on third-party banks; and
● WNT would integrate into Federal Reserve payment systems with control over
payment processing functions—reducing payment processing errors experienced via
bank intermediaries and enabling full use of the Federal Reserve’s payment rails,
including FedNow, without reliance on third-party banks’ participation.
Organizing Group, WNT Board and Management
Organizing Group
WNT’s Organizing Group is well-diversified and composed of the following individuals
who bring a mix of knowledge and expertise in line with Trust Company’s size, strategy, risk
profile and complexity.
5

● Mike Boush, Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”). Mr. Boush has been a digital banking
leader for nearly three decades. He has helmed new products and business lines with
Goldman Sachs including “Marcus by Goldman Sachs” consumer checking and the
Apple Card credit card. He also previously held executive leadership positions with
Discover Financial Services and Bank of America in digital banking and marketing.
● Harsh Sinha, Director. Mr. Sinha is a seasoned executive with over 20 years of online
payments and commerce experience building secure, compliant and scalable systems
and customer experiences. Mr. Sinha joined Wise as the Chief Technology Officer
(“CTO”) in May 2015, leading the technology teams building the Wise infrastructure
and products globally, including the strategy and execution of various direct payment
system integrations across the world. He acted as the Interim CEO for Wise plc from
September to December 2023. Mr. Sinha is also Board President of Wise US. Before
Wise, Mr. Sinha spent a decade building global products and teams at PayPal and eBay.
● Teele Mark, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). Ms. Mark joined Wise in 2018, to
develop management and regulatory reporting functions and became the Head of
Regulatory Reporting in 2019. Since 2022, Ms. Mark has held the title of Americas
Regional Finance Lead. She was appointed as the CFO for Wise US in May of 2024.
She is responsible for overseeing the financial operations for the Americas region. She
has over 11 years of experience in financial management, strategic planning and
financial reporting. Ms. Mark’s expertise encompasses financial analysis, internal
controls and regulatory compliance, enabling her to effectively oversee the financial
health of the region.
● Balazs Barna, CTO. Mr. Barna is the Head of US Engineering and Austin Site Lead at
Wise. An expert in payment systems, he played a pivotal role in building Wise’s
banking infrastructure in the EMEA region. Mr. Barna spearheaded the company’s
direct integration into Hungary’s instant payment system, which enabled affordable
and faster international payments—making Wise the first payment services company
to achieve this milestone in the country. Additionally, he led Wise’s early integration
with the SEPA Instant scheme, allowing millions of customers across Europe to send
and receive Euros instantly. Since 2020, Mr. Barna has focused on the U.S. market,
driving innovations in U.S. payment methods and overseeing the growth of Wise US’s
Engineering team.
● Carol Nelson, Non-Executive Director. Ms. Nelson is a seasoned executive, strategic
advisor and non-executive director with a NACD Directorship Certification and
Certificate in Cyber-Security Risk Oversight. She has extensive regional and national
banking experience, having held senior leadership roles at KeyBank, Opus Bank,
Cascade Bank and Bank of America.
Board of Directors
Trust Company’s initial Board of Directors (the “Board”) is comprised of the members of
the Organizing Group, as well as Sean Gray, another Non-Executive Director. The Board will
play a pivotal role in the effective governance of Trust Company. The Board will be held

6

responsible for overseeing management, providing organizational leadership and establishing core
corporate values. The Board will also oversee the talent management processes for senior
management, including development, recruitment, succession planning and compensation. The
Board will work closely with the Board of Directors of Wise to ensure an appropriate flow of
information on financial matters, business strategy, key risks, the organization’s system of
controls, resourcing requirements and compliance matters or ongoing remediation efforts.
Trust Company intends on establishing appropriate Board committees. Board committees
are a key component of the corporate and risk governance structure and will help Trust Company’s
board carry out oversight duties and responsibilities. Based on the complexity and risk profile of
Trust Company’s intended activities, WNT intends to establish the following committees:
● Trust Board Audit Committee, Chair: Carol Nelson
o The Trust Board Audit Committee’s purpose will be to assist the Board in its
oversight of the trust, payments and investment function of the Bank and have
oversight of Trust Company’s financial risks including FX/market, liquidity and
interest rate risks. The Committee will be an objective party to monitor the integrity
of Trust Company’s financial reporting process and its associated internal control
and risk management systems. This Committee will serve as the Fiduciary Audit
committee. The Committee will be responsible for the selection, engagement and
oversight of financial auditors. The Management Asset and Liability Committee
(“ALCO”) will report up to this committee.
● Trust Board Risk and Compliance Committee, Chair: Sean Gray
o The Risk and Compliance Committee’s purpose will be to assist the Board in its
oversight of non-financial risks including operational, regulatory, strategic,
reputational, financial crime (“Fincrime”) and technology/information security
risks. The Risk and Compliance Committee will oversee the general integrity of
the internal control environment and serve as the Compliance Audit Committee.
The Committee will be responsible for the selection, engagement and oversight of
risk and compliance auditors. The Management Regulatory and Fincrime Risk
Committee, Operational Risk Committee and Technology Risk Committee will
report up to this committee.
● Governance & Nominating Committee, Chair: Harsh Sinha
o The Governance & Nominating Committee’s purpose will be to assist the Board in
its oversight of the organization’s governance matters. The Committee will lead in
establishing Trust Company’s compensation philosophy, oversee the development
and administration of its compensation programs, review and approve the
compensation of senior officers, and prepare any report on executive compensation
required by rules and regulations. The Committee will also identify, evaluate and
recommend individuals for Board positions or key executive roles for Trust
Company’s continued development. The Committee is also responsible for
succession planning, evaluation and re-appointment and alignment with

7

governance and compliance standards. Finally, the Committee will be responsible
for Environmental, Social and Governance oversight.
Directors of the Board will receive director induction and training from the Wise Company
Secretariat team. The training is an essential process designed to equip board directors with the
skills, tools and knowledge to lead in their respective areas of duty and responsibility. The training
will cover key topics such as: roles and responsibilities; Wise plc and its legal entity structure;
and board meeting expectations.
As part of WNT’s three lines of defense (“LoD”) model, independent reviews conducted
by WNT’s auditors will review the quality, accuracy and effectiveness of its risk management
functions, financial reporting and compliance with laws and regulations.
Executive Officers
In accordance with Wise’s established talent management practices, Trust Company is
evaluating and considering candidates for management roles post-approval. Subject to the
oversight of the Board, the executive management team is responsible for running the daily
operations of WNT in compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and the principles of
safety and soundness.
The following management roles are contemplated for Trust Company:
● The CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management of Trust Company; developing
business strategies and plans ensuring their alignment with short-term and long-term
objectives; leading and motivating staff to advance employee engagement; developing
a high performing managerial team; and overseeing all operations and business
activities.
● The CFO has the primary responsibility for the planning, implementation, managing
and running of all the finance activities of Trust Company, including business planning,
budgeting, forecasting regulatory reporting and management oversight of financial
risks. The CFO will also oversee the designated Fiduciary Officers that will control
the fiduciary accounts contemplated by the Trust Company Fiduciary Investment
Policy.
● The Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”) is primarily responsible for overseeing risk within
Trust Company, and ensuring compliance with laws, regulatory requirements, policies
and procedures, as well as management, tracking and mitigation of principal risks. As
the risk leader and subject matter expert, the CRO is responsible for establishing
standards and implementing procedures to ensure that the risk compliance programs
throughout the organization are effective and efficient in identifying, preventing,
detecting and correcting noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.
● The Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”) is responsible for overseeing regulatory and
Fincrime compliance within Trust Company, and ensuring compliance with laws,
regulatory requirements, policies and procedures. As compliance leader and subject
matter expert, the CCO is responsible for establishing standards and implementing
8

procedures to ensure that the compliance programs throughout the organization are
effective and efficient in identifying, preventing, detecting and correcting
noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.
● The CTO is responsible for developing and executing an IT strategy in alignment with
Trust Company’s business objectives. The CTO is responsible for overseeing the
technical aspects of Trust Company, including systems architecture, software
development, network infrastructure and information and data security.
● The Senior Payment Operations Team Lead is responsible for the management and
oversight of Trust Company’s payment processing operations including liquidity and
funds movements between Trust Company, the Federal Reserve and Trust Company
operated accounts at U.S. banks for safeguarding operations as well as oversight of
back-office payment processing to ensure that all clearing and settlement functions are
operating as intended.
Currently, the executive team of Trust Company is composed of the following officers and
Trust Company will provide updates on additional officers once those individuals are identified
and able to be disclosed.
● Mike Boush, CEO
● Teele Mark, CFO
● Balazs Barna, CTO
● Stefan Hardy, CRO
U.S. Operations and Personnel
Trust Company will have approximately 25 dedicated employees in its first year of
operations – including staff with regulatory compliance and fiduciary expertise – and will increase
its employee population by at least 20% by its third year of operation. Below is a view of the
proposed Trust Company organization structure.

9

In addition, Trust Company will leverage the substantial resources of its affiliates via
service-level intercompany agreements, including support from the following operational teams:
● Compliance teams overseeing Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering
(“BSA/AML”), Sanctions, Fincrime and Regulatory compliance programs
● Risk Management
● Operations teams including Fincrime, Verification, Complaints, Customer Service and
Payment Operations, among others
● Product and Engineering
● Bank Partnerships
● Finance and Treasury
● Legal
● Marketing
● People
● Workplace
These teams are both within the U.S. and further supported by global Wise teams across
all functions. For example, global compliance operations, payment operations and customer
service allow for a “follow-the-sun” model for compliance case management (BSA/AML,
Fincrime), payment processing management and customer service.

10

Trust Company’s use of affiliate resources, including dual-hatted employees, will be
further detailed in intercompany services agreements.
Capital
Wise plc’s capital is comprised of ordinary share capital, other reserves and retained
earnings. Wise’s objectives when managing capital are to:
● Safeguard Wise’s ability to continue as a going concern;
● Maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital;
● Ensure sufficient resources to invest in qualified staff, necessary infrastructure and
effective management systems;
● Adhere to regulatory requirements in each jurisdiction; and
● Fund an orderly wind-down in an adverse scenario.
Trust Company will look to its parent company as a source of financial support. Wise has
the resources to provide WNT with additional capital in the event of a potential capital need.
Wise plc, the ultimate supplier of all the initial capital to Trust Company, will indirectly
downstream $35 million of capital to Wise US Holdings, Inc., which will invest such funds into
WNT at opening to acquire all of the issued common equity of Trust Company and fund preopening expenses. Common equity will be the only form of initial equity capital for Trust
Company. As described in Financial Management Plan of Confidential Exhibit A, Trust
Company will have 5,000 Class A common shares at par value of $1.00. Trust Company will be
a wholly owned subsidiary of Wise US Holdings, Inc. The capital injection from the parent will
exceed the regulatory capital requirement, as well as provide sufficient liquid assets to manage
projected costs. Neither Trust Company nor Wise US Holdings, Inc. anticipate relying on debt
issuances as a source of funding during the period of the business plan.
BSA/AML Program
Trust Company will adopt and enhance the existing Wise US BSA/AML/Sanctions
Compliance Program (the “Trust AML Program”). The Trust AML Program is based on six
pillars: internal policies; procedures and controls; designation of an AML officer; employee
training; independent testing; and customer due diligence. The Trust AML Program is intended
to: (1) protect WNT’s reputation and minimize the likelihood that it is exploited by criminals and
parties with which it is prohibited by law or regulation from doing business; (2) help ensure WNT
is operating in a manner consistent with its business strategy and risk appetite; and (3) comply
with applicable legal and regulatory requirements and supervisory guidance. Wise US and WNT
prioritize the important objectives associated with maintaining the integrity of the financial system
as a whole, protecting national security and making appropriate referrals to law enforcement. The
Trust AML Program will be administered in a safe and responsible manner and leverage the access
to more than 120 global second line compliance personnel and more than 1,000 operational
compliance personnel around the firm that are fully dedicated, appropriately trained and highly
11

knowledgeable. All WNT employees will undergo annual BSA/AML/Sanctions training covering
Know Your Customer (“KYC”), BSA/AML, Suspicious Activity Reporting and Sanctions.
The Trust AML Program will maintain a written BSA/AML/Sanctions Manual (including
a Customer Identification Program) approved by the Risk & Compliance Committee and a Boardappointed BSA/AML Officer who possesses the necessary knowledge, authority and resources to
effectively execute all assigned duties. The BSA/AML Officer will report to the Trust Company
CCO and will have access to the Board, as appropriate. The BSA/AML Officer is supported by
an experienced, knowledgeable and competent team of AML, Sanctions and Technology leaders.
The Trust AML Program’s execution approach aligns with Wise’s enterprise-wide defined risk
and control framework components, as defined by the Wise Enterprise Risk Management
Framework (“ERMF”).
Trust Company’s BSA/AML Policy is included as Confidential Exhibit A-10. Additional
information regarding the Wise US BSA/AML Compliance program has been included herewith
as Confidential Exhibit K.
Enterprise Risk Management Framework
Wise takes a proactive and strategic approach to compliance and risk management. Wise
operates a robust three LoDs model to ensure a comprehensive view of risks and control
effectiveness that strengthens risk identification and mitigation processes. The ERMF supports
decision-making, planning and prioritization by providing a greater understanding of risks.
Approved annually by the Wise Group Board and adopted by Wise entity boards and subject to
ongoing review, the ERMF remains integral to Wise’s compliance and risk management strategy.
The ERMF defines how Wise identifies, manages, reports and governs the risks the firm
faces. It enables oversight of risk through a clearly defined risk appetite, governance and issues
management framework and a three LoD risk and compliance model.
The objective of the ERMF is to provide a structured approach to identifying, assessing,
managing and monitoring risks across Wise. It outlines how Wise designs, implements, evaluates,
improves and integrates risk management throughout the business on a consistent and reliable
basis. It is an overview of the totality of systems, standards, policies, and processes, including
governance, oversight and roles and responsibilities, that enable Wise senior management and the
Wise Board of Directors as well as entity-level equivalents to effectively execute their roles in
overseeing risk management at Wise (and providing assurance of such risk management activity
to stakeholders).
Trust Company is committed to ensuring that its compliance and risk management
practices and system of controls reflect a high standard of governance established at Wise. The
CRO is ultimately responsible for the oversight of the ERMF. Trust Company will establish entityspecific risk appetites for principal risks which will help officers, directors and employees of WNT
to understand the risk tolerances and limits.
The Wise Compliance Program will be implemented for Trust Company, with Trust
Company’s Compliance management team tailoring its policies, review cycles, controls,
monitoring and testing to the needs of the regulatory requirements under the OCC, and direct
12

oversight of the Compliance program from the Board. The Trust Company compliance program
will identify and mitigate regulatory and controls risk, considering organization-wide priorities
and requirements, as well as entity-specific obligations. The Trust Company risk program will
adopt and execute the ERMF.
The Board has overall responsibility for monitoring risk management and internal control
systems, which it has delegated to the Regulatory and Fincrime Risk and Compliance Committee
and ALCO. The Regulatory and Fincrime Risk & Compliance Committee reviews principal
regulatory and Fincrime risks while the ALCO considers principal financial risks. The committees
also consider key emerging risks that have the potential to impact Trust Company’s business
operations. This oversight can include challenging Management on key actions and embedding a
positive risk culture. The Regulatory and Fincrime Risk and Compliance Committee and ALCO
are also responsible for reviewing key policies and risk frameworks and recommending them to
the Board, including the BSA/AML program, the affiliate transaction policy and Trust Company’s
risk appetite statement.
Please see the Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance in Confidential Exhibit [A]
for additional information.
Risk Reporting
Trust Company management will be regularly informed of risk positions through the risk
governance structure. For instance, on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as agreed by the
management team, each of the CRO and CCO will present to WNT’s management team and the
Board. The periodic reporting is expected to include, as appropriate, a risk report, escalating high
risks, incidents, key risk indicators and assorted remediation plans to ensure appropriate
prioritization and awareness of Trust Company’s risk position. That regular risk and compliance
reporting may also be provided to the relevant firmwide committees including the Regulatory and
Fincrime Risk & Compliance Committees.
Governance, Risk, and Compliance (“GRC”) Platform
Wise’s GRC platform is AuditBoard, a software tool in which risk and control selfassessments and risk issues are managed at Wise. Wise also uses an in-house incident management
tooling system that supports the end-to-end management of operational incidents.
Principal Risks
Regulatory Compliance Risk
Regulatory compliance risk is the risk Trust Company fails to comply with the laws,
regulations or ethical standards expected of the Trust to provide the contemplated products and
services. The Regulatory Compliance team dedicated to WNT will include a Sr. Regulatory
Compliance Manager reporting to the CCO who will develop a team of regulatory compliance
managers in the 2LoD of Trust Company. A dedicated Control, Monitoring & Testing lead will
also operate in the 2LoD as well as Product Compliance personnel in the 1LoD.

13

Please refer to Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance — Trust Company
Regulatory and Consumer Compliance Program in Confidential Exhibit A for additional
information.
Fincrime Risk
Fincrime risk refers to criminal conduct relating to money or to financial services or
markets, including any offense involving fraud, dishonesty, misconduct or misuse of information
or handling funds.
As noted above, Trust Company will have a BSA/AML Officer, who will report to Trust
Company CCO and will have access to the Board, as appropriate. Trust Company will develop a
team of BSA/AML and Sanctions personnel. Similar to the Regulatory Compliance team, the
BSA/AML and Sanctions teams will be supported by WNT’s Controls, Monitoring and Testing in
the second line and Product Compliance in the first line.
WNT will also leverage global Wise teams, as well as Wise US, to cross-pollinate best
practices and information sharing for the betterment of the BSA/AML compliance program.
Please see Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance — Trust Company Fincrime Compliance
Program in Confidential Exhibit A for additional information.
Operational Risk
Given Trust Company’s contemplated activities, operational risk of various kinds is
relevant to the operations set forth herein. Such risks include: (i) technology risk, (ii) information
security and cyber security risk, (iii) third-party risk, and (iv) business continuity and disaster
recovery risk, which are each discussed herein.
Technology Risk
Trust Company will be subject to technology risk by virtue of its reliance on various
technologies to enable trust services. Trust Company plans to ensure the overall adequacy of the
design and effectiveness of technology that supports Trust Company’s business operations.
In addition to management of third-party service providers, Trust Company CTO and a
team of engineers will develop and maintain technology infrastructure for Trust Company,
including its integration with the Federal Reserve payment systems. The Trust Company
engineering team will be supported by Wise’s Platform and Regional engineers who have vast
experience in directly integrating with central bank payment systems securely and compliantly.
Trust Company will establish a set of control principles and processes for managing the risks
associated with the use, ownership, operation and adoption of technology and will provide regular
reporting to Trust Company’s Technology Risk Committee. Please see Operational Risk
Management in Confidential Exhibit A for additional information.
Information Security and Cybersecurity Risk
Information security and cybersecurity risk may arise from Trust Company’s activities
based on the receipt, processing, storing and transmitting of confidential data and personally
14

identifiable information. Information Security and data privacy are highly important at Wise and
the global Security team aims to meet the highest standards of security across all of the following:
● Controls. The controls team assesses and monitors security measures across the
company, ensuring that all systems remain secure. They are responsible for testing,
validating and continuously improving the internal security posture.
● Security Platform. This team provides internal security teams with the
infrastructure they need to run their service offerings in a secure and reliable
manner.
● Security Operations. These experts focus on detecting, responding to and
mitigating active threats. By continuously monitoring infrastructure, they can
quickly address potential vulnerabilities or attacks, ensuring that Wise remains
operational and secure around the clock.
● Application Security. This team works closely with engineering development
teams to ensure that all applications are designed and maintained with security in
mind. They identify and address vulnerabilities within software to prevent breaches
or misuse of systems and any physical threats.
● Security Engineering. Security Engineering develops tools and builds technical
controls to improve the security of the technological setup.
● Governance, Risk and Compliance. This team focuses on identifying and
managing security risks while ensuring that Wise adheres to regulatory
requirements across all regions. They help maintain a robust framework that
supports compliance and proactive risk management.
Trust Company will have a Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), reporting to the
Trust Company CTO, to oversee information security technology, policies, controls, monitoring
and testing, as well monitor the services that are provided to Trust Company by the Wise Security
team. The CISO will be closely aligned with the global Security team to ensure alignment of best
practices between Wise and Trust Company.
Trust Company will adopt the Information Security Policy, set forth in Confidential Exhibit
A-12. This policy addresses the key requirements of the FFIEC Information Security handbook.
The objectives of the policy are to: (i) prevent unauthorized information access, (ii) limit the
impact of a breach, and (iii) maintain compliance with regulatory requirements. Trust Company
will also conduct security risk assessments activities. Please see Information Systems and Security
below and Operational Risk Management — Information and Cybersecurity Risk – Trust Company
Information Security in Confidential Exhibit A for additional information.
Third-Party Risk
Trust Company will be subject to third-party risk by virtue of its use of affiliated and
unaffiliated third-party service providers. For example, its third-party risk could stem from Trust
Company’s reliance on vendors for administrative and operational services.
15

Trust Company is building and will implement controls specific to third parties in
accordance with a Third-Party Risk Management Policy (“TPRM”). WNT will perform risk
assessments of each third-party vendor as outlined in the TPRM process, which reflects a riskbased approach that is designed to address the full life cycle for all third-party relationships and
will incorporate the following stages:
● Planning. WNT will evaluate the risks associated with the relationship and categorize
third parties into tiers based on the services they will provide, which determines the
level of assessment the third party will undergo.
● Due Diligence and Risk Assessment. WNT will perform a risk-based due diligence
and comprehensive risk assessment which considers inherent risks in connection with
the nature of the service, strategies and plans for effective oversight of the risk, and the
nature of any residual risks.
● Contractual Negotiations. WNT will maintain written contracts for its third-party
relationships that define expectations and responsibilities of Trust Company and the
third party and ensure the contract’s enforceability, minimize WNT’s liability and
mitigate disputes relating to performance expectations.
● Ongoing Monitoring. Trust Company will conduct ongoing monitoring and annual
assessment of all critical and high-risk third parties, with similar exercises performed
on medium- and low-risk third parties with lower frequency, to ensure adherence to the
contract between the parties and applicable and legal and regulatory requirements.
● Contingency Planning. WNT will develop contingency plans for all critical and highrisk and third-party relationships, at the minimum, and for lower risk third parties as
needed, in the event of performance failure, contract default or termination, to assure
operational resilience of WNT, and mitigate concentration risk presented by third
parties and ensure that relationships with third parties terminate in an efficient manner
that minimizes disruption.
Business Continuity and Disaster Risk
Wise understands that disruptions such as cyber events, natural disasters or man-made
events can interrupt an organization’s operations. Even more so, Wise acknowledges that these
triggering events carry unique risk around Trust Company, whose disruption can have a broader
impact on the financial sector.
Wise’s Business Continuity and Disaster Risk management program focuses both on
recovering operations after an event and on the proactive maintenance of systems and controls for
the resilience and continuity of operations. In particular, Wise recognizes that its mission means
that it is exposed to potential risks arising from global geopolitical events or political
developments. These matters could have an adverse impact on Wise through economic and
financial risks as well as an impairment on ability to operate in certain markets. To mitigate this
risk, Wise closely monitors global events on an ongoing basis, following its Business Continuity
and Disaster Policies and Procedures. Please see WNT’s Business Continuity Plan included as
Confidential Exhibit A-11 for additional information.
16

Market/FX Risk
Wise is exposed to FX rate movement from holding assets and liabilities in different
currencies and guaranteeing customers a foreign exchange rate on their international transfers for
a short period of time. Wise’s Treasury team engages in continuous real-time monitoring of the
currency portfolio at an enterprise level and will coordinate with Trust Company’s CFO to align
on entity-level considerations. Please see Financial Risk Management in Confidential Exhibit A
for additional information.
Liquidity Risk/Funds Management Risk
The liquidity exposure of Trust Company is generated from payment processing activities
to and from USD, including facilitation of pay-ins for transfers and account funding and pay-outs
for transfers and account activity as well as from capital requirements. Trust Company’s Treasury
Manager and CRO will monitor and control the bank’s liquidity needs and assure the steady flow
of cost-effective funding. Trust Company will identify and manage liquidity risk in accordance
with its Capital and Liquidity Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-5. Management will
implement liquidity forecasting, minimum liquidity reserves, real-time monitoring of cash
positions and liquidity metrics, stress testing & contingency planning and other liquidity
management practices and controls to assure adequate liquidity is available on an ongoing basis.
Due to the payment and funds management structure, Trust Company does not anticipate
a significant amount of expected or contingent liquidity demands, and as such, does not anticipate
being unable to maintain sufficient levels of cash or liquid assets. Please see Financial Risk
Management in Confidential Exhibit A for additional information.
Interest Rate Risk
Interest Rate Risk (“IRR”) is the risk of losses arising from changes in the interest rates
associated with fixed rate assets on Trust Company’s balance sheet. Wise is mainly subject to IRR
related to its expected investments in cash, money market funds and U.S. government securities.
Trust Company’s Treasury Manager will manage IRR by making investments in accordance with
its Capital and Liquidity Policy. Please see Financial Risk Management in Confidential Exhibit
A for additional information.
Information Systems and Security
As noted above, Trust Company will hire a CISO, reporting to the Trust Company CTO,
to oversee information security technology, policies, controls, monitoring and testing, as well
monitor the services that are provided to Trust Company by the global information security team.
The CISO will be closely aligned with the global information security team to ensure alignment
of best practices between Wise and Trust Company.
Trust Company, jointly with Wise’s global information security team, will conduct security
risk assessment activities, including:
● Security risk assessments

17

● Vulnerability assessments
● IT controls testing
● Penetration testing
● Internal auditing
● Red teaming engagements
Group information security independent audits are also conducted annually for Wise’s
standards and certifications, including:
● PCI DSS v.3.2.1
● SOC 1 Type 2
● SOC 2 Type 2
● ISO 27001:2013
Premises and Fixed Assets
Trust Company will be organized in the state of Texas and headquartered at 10025 Alterra
Parkway, 23rd Floor, Austin, TX 78758. Trust Company and Wise US will both operate in this
location, but each organization will ensure appropriate confidentiality and information security for
entity-specific customers and matters.
Trust Company will serve individual and business clients acquired through digital
channels, and Wise affiliates as a fiduciary and payments services provider. Trust Company will
not open or operate any physical bank branches.
Convenience and Needs of the Community
WNT recognizes its obligation to meet the needs of the community it serves, despite not
being subject to the Community Reinvestment Act. Since its founding, Wise has worked to make
cross-border payments better for people and businesses with international needs. Wise advocates
globally for increased transparency in cross-border payments and disclosure in exchange rate
markups, which cost Americans billions of dollars in hidden fees every year. 11 Wise’s efforts to
improve cross-border payments through increased transparency in the marketplace are integral to
why it was founded and its mission of money without borders.

11

Capital Economics, Estimating the scale of foreign exchange fees in the United States, WISE (Jan. 10, 2024),
https://wise.com/imaginary-v2/images/500d6da15d1763a80275cf612bf176fb-Confidential%20%20Capital%20Economics%20methodology%20for%20estimating%20foreign%20exchange%20fees%20in%20the
%20US%20-%2010%20January%202024%20V2.pdf.

18

Wise seeks to establish WNT to better serve its customers and to establish direct access to
the Federal Reserve for direct clearing and settlement of USD and pass the resiliency, cost and
speed benefits to U.S. customers.
WNT is committed to solving international payments at the fundamental cross-border
infrastructure level. Globally, Wise has seen a significant improvement in the cost and speed of
cross-border transactions in regions where Wise has direct access to the central bank payments
system. For example, Wise was the first nonbank to be granted access to the UK’s Faster Payments
Scheme in 2018, resulting in an immediate reduction in bank partner fees allowing Wise to reduce
customer fees by 20%, and improve settlement time from 15 minutes to 20 seconds or less (i.e.,
instant). WNT aims to reduce costs and pass along similar savings to U.S. customers.
The primary products of WNT are structured to serve the needs of U.S. customers,
primarily individuals and businesses:
Payments Processing. Trust Company’s planned traditional remittance/cross-border
payments service to both send and receive money has been a Wise product since inception.
These payments are:
● Fast: Over 63% of Wise payments are instant or delivered in under 20 seconds; and
94% arrive within 24 hours.12 In comparison, a standard ACH cross-border payment
will take days.
● Transparent: Wise shows all fees in a transaction and does not hide its fees in the
exchange rate. Americans lose billions in hidden fees in exchange rate markups every
year. Since its founding, Wise has fought these hidden fees via its transparent product,
but also through advocating for increased disclosure transparency. 13
● Affordable: Wise is significantly less expensive than other global remittance services
and has a global average price of 0.59% per transaction.14 This is a fraction of the
global average of 6.35% in the first quarter of 2024. 15
● Convenient: Over 92% of customers can send payments via Wise without requiring
customer support.16
Multi-Currency Account. Through the MCA, customers can send, receive, hold and
spend in different currencies. Product features include:
12

H1 FY25 Results Presentation, WISE (Nov. 6, 2024), https://wise.com/imaginaryv2/images/5b2bb84ff23eb690fda40fa9a92c27ed-HY_FY25_Sep-24_Presentation.pdf.
13

The Wise Junk Fees Report, WISE (Jan. 2024), https://wise.com/imaginaryv2/images/71a86b09eca5e0091c231d191345e5d4-Junk%20Fees%20Report%20-%20Final.pdf.

14

Supra note 13.

15

World Bank Group, Remittance Prices Worldwide – Issue 49, WORLD BANK (Mar. 2024),
https://remittanceprices.worldbank.org/sites/default/files/rpw_main_report_and_annex_q124_final.pdf.

16

Supra note 13.

19

● Receive: Wise issues local account details in 10 countries, allowing customers to
receive money into their MCAs without conversion costs.
● Hold: Wise offers over 40 currencies for customers to hold in a stored value balance
for use in future same or cross-currency transactions.
● Spend: Wise debit cards allow customers to spend in 200 countries at the midmarket
exchange rate.17
Trust Company is expected to increase benefits to U.S. consumers and businesses who
send, receive or spend money abroad at a fraction of the speed, cost, and inconvenience of crossborder products offered today by legacy banks. For example, Wise’s average fee for sending
money from the U.S. abroad is 0.68% versus the U.S. average of 5.79%. 18 Currently, Wise has
achieved direct central bank access in six markets: the UK, Europe, Australia, Singapore, Hungary
and Philippines—with the following benefits to Wise’s customers:
UK:
o Directly integrated with Faster Payments rails
o Lowered transfer prices to British Pound (GBP) by 20%
o Increased payout speed from 15 minutes to <20 seconds (instant)
Hungary:
o Directly integrated with GIRO rails
o Lowered transfer prices to Hungarian Forint (HUF) by 15%
o Increased instant payout speed from 17% to 79% of volume
Philippines:
o Increased instant payments from 0% to 90%
o Fees paid by Wise reduced by 9x
Trust Company will reduce reliance on bank intermediaries, thereby further improving
cross-border payments for consumers and businesses with international needs. Trust Company
will be able to provide Wise services to consumers faster and more reliably, particularly if Trust
Company is able to directly access the Federal Reserve through a Master Account.
Finally, Trust Company will align with Wise US’ community activities. In the U.S., Wise
partners with local organizations that align with its mission globally through donations and
connecting Wise employees to volunteer opportunities. Local partners include I Live Here, I Give
Here, in Austin, Texas, and Tent Partnership for Refugees in New York, New York. In FY 2024,
the number of hours that Wise employees spent volunteering globally increased by 212%,

17

Debit cards are offered in partnership with Visa and Mastercard globally and currencies offered are determined by
the networks in accordance with OFAC and global sanctions requirements.

18

Supra note 16.

20

outpacing headcount growth. In addition to donations to U.S. and global partners, Wise also makes
humanitarian donations to support communities in need. 19

19

Wise globally makes humanitarian donations to support communities in need, prioritizing cases with immediate
needs for medical support or reconstruction. These donations are evaluated by Wise’s Social Impact Committee and
are made in an unbiased, transparent and consistent manner. Throughout 2024, Wise supported rescue and
reconstruction efforts following earthquakes in Morocco, Japan, and Turkey. Additionally, Wise continues to support
the education of children in Ukraine via donations to rebuild a school in the Dnipropetrovsk region. Wise also donated
to Mexico-based PSYDEH, a female-led NGO that invests in developing leadership capabilities for rural and
indigenous women.

21

RESPONSES TO THE INTERAGENCY CHARTER AND FEDERAL DEPOSIT
INSURANCE APPLICATION
1.

Overview
a. Provide a brief overview of the application. The overview should describe the
institution’s business and any special market niche, including the products,
market, services and any nontraditional activities.

Please see the discussion in the Preliminary Statement and Wise National Trust —
Convenience and Needs of the Community sections. For additional information, see Confidential
Exhibit A.
b. Describe any issues about the permissibility of the proposal with regard to
applicable state or federal laws or regulations. Identify any regulatory waiver
requests and provide adequate justification.
Wise is seeking citizenship waiver requests for Teele Mark and Balazs Barna pursuant to
12 CFR § 5.43(c)(2), which provides that a national bank may request a waiver of citizenship
requirements for individuals who comprise up to a minority of the total number of directors by
filing a written application with the OCC.
Further, Wise is seeking residency waiver requests for Carol Nelson and Sean Gray
pursuant to 12 CFR § 5.43(c)(1), which provides that a national bank “may request a waiver of the
residency requirement for any number of directors by filing a written application with the OCC.
The OCC may grant a waiver on an individual basis or for any number of director positions.”
Please see the Citizenship Waiver Requests and Residency Waiver Requests attached as
Confidential Exhibits D and E, respectively, for additional information.
c. List and provide a copy of all applications filed in conjunction with this
proposal, such as applications for holding company, trust powers, branch
offices, service corporations and other subsidiaries.
Trust Company is applying to the OCC for full trust powers. Please see Fiduciary Powers
Application below for further information.
d. When available, provide a copy of all public or private offering materials and
the proposed form of stock certificate, including any required restrictive
legends.
Not applicable.
e. Provide a copy of the proposed articles of association, articles of incorporation,
or charter and proposed bylaws.
Please see Exhibit 3 for Trust Company’s proposed articles of incorporation. Further,
please see Exhibit 4 for Trust Company’s proposed bylaws.

22

f. Provide a copy of the business plan. The business plan should address, at
minimum, the topics contained in the appropriate regulatory agency’s
Business Plan Guidelines.
Trust Company’s Business Plan is provided in Confidential Exhibit A, which addresses the
topics contained in the OCC Business Plan Guidelines.
2.

Board and Management
a. Provide a list of organizers, proposed directors, senior executive officers and
any individual, or group of proposed shareholders acting in concert, that will
own or control 10% or more of the institution’s stock. For each person listed,
attach an Interagency Biographical and Financial Report, a fingerprint card
and indicate all positions and offices currently held or to be held with the
institution’s holding company and its affiliates, if applicable. Include the
signed “Oath of Director” for each proposed director.
The following individuals are members of the Organizing Group.
o
o
o
o
o

Balazs Barna, CTO
Mike Boush, CEO
Teele Mark, CFO
Harsh Sinha, Director
Carol Nelson, Non-Executive Director

The members of the Organizing Group, as well as Sean Gray, a Non-Executive Director,
are the directors of WNT, as further described in Confidential Exhibit A. In addition, Stefan Hardy
will be the CRO of WNT. The Interagency Biographical Financial Report, IRS Tax Check
Authorization, Consent Form for Background Investigation, fingerprint card and signed Oath of
Director for each of the directors and officers will be provided under a separate cover.
Trust Company will be wholly owned by its parent, Wise US Holdings, Inc. Accordingly,
there will be no individual or group of shareholders that will own or control 10% or more of Trust
Company’s stock.
b. Describe each proposed director’s qualifications and experience to serve and
oversee management’s implementation of the business plan. Describe the
extent, if any, to which directors or major stockholders are or will be involved
in the day-to-day management of the institution. Also list the forms of
compensation, if any.
The Board will play a pivotal role in the effective governance of Trust Company, and will
be primarily responsible for overseeing management, providing organizational leadership and
establishing core corporate values.
Please see the discussion in the Preliminary Statement and Wise National Trust –
Organizing Group, WNT Board and Management for each proposed director’s qualifications and

23

experience to serve and oversee management’s implementation of WNT’s Business Plan and
Confidential Exhibit F for information on the compensation structure.
c. Provide a list of board committees and members.
The Board of Trust Company is contemplated to have three committees: (1) Trust Board
Audit Committee; (2) Trust Board Risk and Compliance Committee; and (3) Governance &
Nominating Committee.
● Trust Board Audit Committee, Chair: Carol Nelson
o The Trust Board Audit Committee’s purpose will be to assist the Board in its
oversight of the payments and fiduciary investment function of Trust Company, as
well as have oversight of Trust Company’s financial risks including FX, liquidity
and interest rate risks.
● Trust Board Risk and Compliance Committee, Chair: Sean Gray
o The Risk and Compliance Committees’ purpose will be to assist the Board in its
oversight of non-financial risks including operational, regulatory, strategic,
reputational, Fincrime, technology/information security and other compliance
risks.
● Governance & Nominating Committee, Chair: Harsh Sinha
o The Governance & Nominating Committee’s purpose will be to assist the Board in
its oversight of Trust Company’s governance matters.
Please see the discussion in the Preliminary Statement and Wise National Trust –
Organizing Group, WNT Board and Management for more information on the contemplated board
committees.
d. Describe any plans to provide ongoing director education or training.
Each director of the Board will receive director induction and training from the Wise
Company Secretariat team. This training will equip directors to lead in their respective areas and
duties.
All Trust Company employees and members of the Board will complete certain online
training and seminars, which will include training sessions related to U.S. regulatory requirements.
When expertise is needed, continued education and advanced courses will be available for relevant
areas.
e. Describe each proposed senior executive officer’s duties and responsibilities
and qualifications and experience to serve in his/her position. If a person has
not yet been selected for a key position, list the criteria that will be required in
the selection process. Discuss the proposed terms of employment, including
compensation and benefits, and attach a copy of all pertinent documents,

24

including an employment contract or compensation agreement. Provide the
aggregate compensation of all officers.
● CEO. The CEO is responsible for the overall success of Trust Company. Under the
supervision of the Board, the CEO is responsible for the day-to-day management of
Trust Company; developing business strategies and plans ensuring their alignment with
short-term and long-term objectives; leading and motivating staff to advance employee
engagement; developing a high performing managerial team; and overseeing all
operations and business activities.
o Mike Boush will serve as the CEO of Trust Company. Please see Preliminary
Statement and Wise National Trust – Organizing Group, WNT Board and
Management for more information on Mr. Boush’s qualifications.
● CFO. The CFO has the primary responsibility for the planning, implementation,
managing and running of all the finance activities of Trust Company, including
business planning, budgeting, forecasting, regulatory reporting and negotiations.
o Teele Mark will serve as the CFO of Trust Company. Please see Preliminary
Statement and Wise National Trust – Organizing Group, WNT Board and
Management for more information on Ms. Mark’s qualifications.
● CRO. The CRO is primarily responsible for overseeing risk and compliance within
Trust Company, and ensuring compliance with laws, regulatory requirements, policies
and procedures as well as management, tracking and mitigation of principal risks. As
the risk leader and subject matter expert, the CRO is responsible for establishing
standards and implementing procedures to ensure that the risk compliance programs
throughout the organization are effective and efficient in identifying, preventing,
detecting and correcting noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.
o Stefan Hardy will serve as the CRO of Trust Company. Mr. Hardy is an
experienced executive with substantial expertise in first-, second- and third-line
risk management roles, and designing and executing enterprise risk
management programs in banking. He specializes in the implementation of
enterprise risk management frameworks. Prior to employment as Risk Officer,
North America for Wise US, Mr. Hardy established and ran the global first line
of defense risk function of HSBC’s payments and treasury services business,
helping product lines grow safely to a multi-billion dollar business operating in
55 countries.
● CCO. The CCO is responsible for overseeing regulatory and Fincrime compliance
within Trust Company, and ensuring compliance with laws, regulatory requirements,
policies and procedures. As compliance leader and subject matter expert, the CCO is
responsible for establishing standards and implementing procedures to ensure that the
compliance programs throughout the organization are effective and efficient in
identifying, preventing, detecting and correcting noncompliance with applicable laws
and regulations.

25

o The CCO has not yet been hired.
● CTO. The CTO is responsible for developing and executing an IT strategy in
alignment with Trust Company’s business objectives. The CTO is responsible for
overseeing the technical aspects of Trust Company, including systems architecture,
software development, network infrastructure and data security.
o Balazs Barna will serve as the CTO of Trust Company. Please see Preliminary
Statement and Wise National Trust – Organizing Group, WNT Board and
Management for more information on Mr. Barna’s qualifications.
● Senior Payment Operations Team Lead. The Senior Payment Operations Team
Lead is responsible for the management and oversight of Trust Company’s payment
processing operations including liquidity and funds movements between Trust
Company, the Federal Reserve and Trust Company operated accounts at U.S. banks for
safeguarding operations as well as oversight of back-office payment processing to
ensure that all clearing and settlement functions are operating as intended.
o The Senior Payment Operations Team Lead has not yet been hired.
See Confidential Exhibit F for terms of employment, including compensation and benefits,
related documentation and aggregate compensation of all current officers.
f. Describe any potential management interlocking relationships (12 U.S.C. §§
1467a(h)(2), 3201-3208 or applicable state law) that could occur with the
establishment or ownership of the institution. Include a discussion of the
permissibility of the interlock with regard to relevant law and regulations or
include a request for an exemption.
There are no management interlocking relationships as described in 12 U.S.C. §§
1467a(h)(2), 3201-3208 or under applicable state law that could occur with the establishment of
WNT.
g. Describe any potential conflicts of interest.
Wise has not identified any conflicts of interest that are expected to arise from the
organization or establishment of Trust Company.
h. Describe any transaction, contract, professional fees or any other type of
business relationship involving the institution, the holding company and its
affiliates (if applicable), and any organizer, director, senior executive officer,
shareholder owning or controlling 10% or more, and other insiders. Include
professional services or goods with respect to organizational expenses and
bank premises and fixed asset transactions. (Transactions between affiliates
of the holding company that do not involve the institution need not be
described).

26

i

State whether the business relationship is made in the ordinary course of
business, is made on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the
time for comparable transactions with non-insiders, and does not present
more than the normal risk of such transaction or present other
unfavorable features.

ii Specify those organizers that approved each transaction and whether the
transaction was disclosed to proposed directors and prospective
shareholders.
iii Provide all relevant documentation, including contracts, independent
appraisals, market valuations and comparisons.
Please see Business Description – Affiliate Relationships in Confidential Exhibit A for a
discussion of transactions involving Trust Company and its affiliates. Trust Company will not
have any transactions with its organizers, directors or senior officers. Note that any future
transactions with organizers, directors or senior officers will be governed by Wise’s Share Dealing
Code, included as Confidential Exhibit A-4.
The business relationship between Trust Company and its affiliates is made in the ordinary
course of business, on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the time with non-insiders
and does not present more than the normal risk of such transaction or present other unfavorable
features.
i. Describe all stock benefit plans of the institution and holding company,
including stock options, stock warrants and other similar stock-based
compensation plans, for senior executive officers, organizers, directors and
other insiders. Include in the description:
Trust Company executive directors and employees will participate in the Wise plc Long
Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”), included as Confidential Exhibit I.
i

The duration limits.

Please see Confidential Exhibit I.
ii The vesting requirements.
Shares will vest on the latest of (i) the date on which the Board of Directors of Wise plc
determines that any Performance Conditions have been met; (ii) the normal Vesting Date; and (iii)
the first date of which Vesting is not prevented by a Dealing Restriction.
iii Transferability restrictions.
A participant may not transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of an award or any rights in
respect of it prior to vesting.

27

iv Exercise price requirements.
Please see Confidential Exhibit I.
v

Rights upon termination.

Trust Company executive directors and employees will keep any vested shares but forfeit
any unvested shares, subject to the Malus, Delay in Vesting and Clawback clause of the LTIP
Grant Agreement, included as Confidential Exhibit I.
vi Any “exercise of forfeiture” clause.
Trust Company executive directors and employees will be subject to the Malus, Delay in
Vesting, Clawback clause, and the Rights During Holding Period clause of the LTIP Grant
Agreement.
vii Number of shares to be issued or covered by the plans.
The number of shares issued or covered by the LTIP are determined by the Wise plc
Employee Share Ownership Plan Trust.
Additional information regarding the Employee Share Ownership Plan Trust can be found
in the Wise plc 2024 Annual Report and Accounts.
viii Provide a list of participants, allocation of benefits to each participant and
a copy of each proposed plan.
Trust Company employees will be eligible to participate in Wise’s benefits program
specific to their location of employment.
Benefits by location can be found at
www.wise.jobs/what-we-offer.
3. Capital
a. For each class of stock, provide the number of authorized shares, the number
of shares to be issued, par value, voting rights, convertibility features,
liquidation rights and the projected sales price per share. Indicate the amount
of net proceeds to be allocated to common stock, paid-in surplus and other
capital segregations.
Trust Company will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Wise US Holdings, Inc. Trust
Company will not make any public share offering and will be capitalized via a cash injection from
Wise plc to Trust Company. Trust Company will have 5,000 Class A common shares at par value
of $1.00. Additional shares will be issued with a par value of $1.00 plus a premium aligning to
the paid-in capital amounts.
b. Describe any noncash contributions to capital, and provide supporting
documents for assigned values, including an independent evaluation or
appraisal.

28

There will not be any noncash contributions to Trust Company’s capital.
c. Discuss the adequacy of the proposed capital structure relative to internal and
external risks, planned operational and financial assumptions, including
technology, branching, and projected organization and operating expenses.
Present a thorough justification to support the proposed capital, including any
off-balance-sheet activities contemplated. Describe any plans for the payment
of dividends.
Please see Financial Management Plan and Financial Projections in Confidential Exhibit
A for a discussion of the adequacy of the proposed capital structure relative to risks, planned
assumptions and projected operating expenses.
d. List all known subscribers to stock. For organizers, directors, 10%
shareholders, senior executive officers and other insiders, include the number
of shares and anticipated investment and the amount of direct and indirect
borrowings to finance the investment. Discuss how any debt will be serviced.
Trust Company will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Wise US Holdings, Inc. and will not
have any other subscribers of stock.
e. List recipients and amounts of any fees, commissions or other considerations
in connection with the sale of stock.
Please see Financial Management Plan – Capital and Shareholding Structure in
Confidential Exhibit A.
f. Indicate whether the institution plans to file for S Corporation tax status.
Trust Company does not plan to file for S Corporation tax status.
4.

Convenience and Needs of the Community
a. Market Characteristics
i

Define the intended geographic market area(s). Include a map of the
market area, pinpointing the location of the proposed bank’s offices and
offices of the competing depository.

Trust Company’s main office will be in Austin, Texas. Trust Company does not plan on
having other offices. As Trust Company’s product offering is fully digital, Trust Company’s
intended geographic market area is the U.S. Please see Exhibit 5 for a map of the market area.
ii Describe the competitive factors the institution faces in the proposed
market and how the institution will address the convenience and needs of
that market to maintain its long-term viability.

29

In the U.S., banks are the stewards of most of the cross-border volume that emanates from
consumer and business customers. Trust Company’s product offering, inclusive of price and
convenience, is significantly better than the offerings from banks. Trust Company also competes
with foreign exchange specialists and other digitally native cross-border solutions. In comparison
to FX specialists and digitally native solutions, Trust Company offers Wise’s core competencies
of competitive pricing, transparency and speed in its approach to targeting customers.
iii Discuss the economic environment and the need for the institution in terms
of population trends, income and industry and housing patterns.
Trust Company’s target market population is expected to consist of consumers and
businesses who send cross-border payments, as well as receive and hold funds in different
currencies. Please see Marketing in Confidential Exhibit A for a more granular analysis of the
population trends of the target population.
b. Community Reinvestment Act (“CRA”) Plan
i

Identify the assessment area(s) according to the CRA regulations.

ii Summarize the performance context for the institution based on the factors
discussed in the CRA regulations.
iii Summarize the credit needs of the institution’s proposed assessment
area(s).
iv Identify the CRA evaluation test under which the institution proposes to
be assessed.
v

Discuss the institution’s programs, products, and activities that will help
meet the existing or anticipated needs of its community(ies) under the
applicable criteria of the CRA regulation, including the needs of low- and
moderate-income geographies and individuals.

Not applicable.
5.

Premises and Fixed Assets
a. Provide a physical description for permanent premises and discuss whether
they will be publicly and handicapped accessible. Indicate the level and type
of property insurance to be carried.

Trust Company will be organized in the state of Texas, headquartered at 10025 Alterra
Parkway, 23rd Floor, Austin, TX 78758. The premises are not publicly accessible, and only Wise
employees may access the office through a secure key system. Proof of property insurance has
been included herewith as Confidential Exhibit H.
b. If the permanent premises are to be purchased, provide name of seller,
purchase price, cost and description of necessary repairs and alterations, and

30

annual depreciation. If the premises are to be constructed, provide the name
of the seller, the cost of the land and the construction costs. Indicate the
percentage of the building that will be occupied by the bank. Provide a copy
of the appraisal.
Not applicable.
c. If the permanent premises are to be leased, provide name of owner, terms of
the lease and cost and description of leasehold improvements. Provide a copy
of the proposed lease when available.
Wise US is the sublessee on the formal lease agreement. Trust Company and Wise US
will both operate in this location, but each organization will ensure appropriate confidentiality and
information security for entity-specific customers and matters. Please see Confidential Exhibits B
and C for a copy of the Wise US sublease agreements.
d. If temporary quarters are planned, provide a description of interim facility,
length of use, lease terms and other associated commitments and costs.
Not applicable.
e. State whether proposed premises and fixed asset expenditures conform to
applicable statutory limitations.
Yes, the proposed premises and fixed asset expenditures conform to all applicable statutory
limitations, including 12 U.S.C. § 371d.
f. Outline the security program that will be developed and implemented,
including the security devices.
Wise US and Trust Company’s shared premises is secured as follows:
● Wise US and Trust Company offices are located on the 23rd floor of a commercial
office property at 10025 Alterra Parkway, Austin, TX 78758. This premises is guarded
with front desk security in the building lobby 24 hours per day, seven days per week,
as well as security cameras in communal areas.
● Employees must have an access fob to access the reception floor.
● All guests must be announced with the building’s front desk security and escorted by a
Wise US or Trust Company employee to the reception floor.
● In order to access the Wise US and Trust Company office spaces, employees and guests
must utilize a Wise access badge to enter the secured area.
● In order to access Wise business applications (e.g., email, file drives) on company
issued laptops or via mobile phone, Wise employees must utilize single sign-on
authorization.

31

Please see Wise National Trust – Information Systems and Security for a discussion of
Trust Company’s security program. Additionally, please see the Wise National Trust Information
Security Policy provided as Confidential Exhibit A-12.
g. Discuss any significant effect the proposal will have on the quality of the
human environment. Include in the discussion changes in air and/or water
quality, noise levels, energy consumption, congestion of population, solid waste
disposal or environmental integrity of private land within the meaning of the
National Environmental Policy Act, 42 U.S.C. 4321, et seq.
Not applicable.
h. Describe any plan to establish branches or relocate the main office within the
first three years. Any acquisition or operating expenses should be reflected in
the financial projections.
Not applicable.
i. Indicate if the establishment of the proposed main office and/or any branch
site may affect any district, site, building, structure or object listed in, or
eligible for listing in, the National Register of Historic Places pursuant to the
National Historic Preservation Act, 16 U.S.C. § 470f. (See the Advisory
Council on Historic Preservation at www.achp.gov for the Act and
implementing regulations.) Specify how such determination was made.
Not applicable.
6.

Information Systems
a. State whether the institution plans to market its products and services (the
ability to do transactions or account maintenance) via electronic means. If yes,
specifically state the products and services that will be offered via electronic
banking or the Internet.

Yes, Trust Company plans to market its products and services via electronic means. All
Trust Company products described in Preliminary Statement will be offered via web and mobile
applications.
b. Outline the proposed or existing information systems architecture and any
proposed changes or upgrades. The information should describe how: (1) the
information system will work within existing technology; (2) the information
system is suitable to the type of business in which the institution will engage;
(3) the security hardware, software and procedures will be sufficient to protect
the institution from unauthorized tampering or access; and (4) the organizers
and directors will allocate sufficient resources to the entire technology plan.

32

Please see the Wise National Trust Information Security Policy, included as Confidential
Exhibit A-12, and Operational Risk Management in Confidential Exhibit A for a discussion on the
information systems architecture Trust Company will leverage.
c. Provide lists or descriptions of the primary systems and flowcharts of the
general processes related to the products and services. The level of detail in
these system descriptions should be sufficient to enable verification of the cost
projections in the pro formas.
Please see Confidential Exhibit A.
d. Estimate the start-up budget for the information systems related to the
products and services and the expected annual operating and maintenance
costs (including telecommunications, hardware, software and personnel).
Please see the Wise National Trust Pro Forma Financial Statements, included as
Confidential Exhibit A-2.
e. Describe the physical and logical components of security. Describe the
security system and discuss the technologies used and key elements for the
security controls, internal controls, and audit procedures. Discuss the types of
independent testing the institution will conduct to ensure the integrity of the
system and its controls.
As an entity of Wise, Trust Company will utilize the technology platforms and engineering
teams of Wise including the tech platform upon which Trust Company’s products and services
will be built and the global information security and cybersecurity infrastructure of Wise. This
includes not only the information technology and application infrastructure but also relevant global
controls, policies, procedures and engineering resources used to manage these risks.
Wise operates a global cloud infrastructure to develop, maintain and secure its mobile and
web applications. Key controls Trust Company leverages include Quality Assurance Testing,
Secure Coding Practices, Secure Development Lifecycle and Incident Management.
Trust Company conducts security risk assessment activities, including both comprehensive
security risk assessments to evaluate IT controls and ensure integrity of systems, and regular IT
audits from Wise’s Internal Audit (“IA”) Team.
For more details, please see Operational Risk Management in Confidential Exhibit A.
f. Describe the information security program that will be in place to comply with
the “Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safeguarding
Customer Information.”
Trust Company will abide by the WNT Information Security Policy, included as
Confidential Exhibit A-12. Further, Trust Company maintains a Customer Privacy Policy,
included as Confidential Exhibit A-7, and a Privacy and Data Protection Policy, included as
Confidential Exhibit A-8.
33

7.

Other Information
a. List activities and functions, including data processing, that will be outsourced
to third parties, identifying the parties and noting any affiliations. Describe
all terms and conditions of the vendor management activities and provide a
copy of the proposed agreement when available. Describe the due diligence
conducted and the planned oversight and management program of the
vendors’ or service providers’ relationships (for general vendor management
guidance, see the Appendix of the FFIEC’s guidance, Risk Management of
Outsourced Technology Services).

Trust Company may be exposed to internal and external third-party risk by virtue of the
following:
● Services provided to Trust Company by affiliates, for example, the technology platform
owned by Wise upon which Trust Company will build its products and services;
● Services provided by Trust Company to Wise affiliates such as processing USD
payments for Wise affiliates; and
● Any services that Trust Company may outsource to external third parties in the future.
Trust Company is building and will implement controls specific to third parties in
accordance with its third-party risk management program.
b. List all planned expenses related to the organization of the institution and
include the name of recipient, type of professional service or goods, and
amount. Describe how organization expenses will be paid.
Trust Company has considered all planned expenses related to the organization of the
institution and has included these considerations in its pro forma financial statements included as
Confidential Exhibit A-2. For further information on the planned expenses and payment, please
see Financial Management Plan and Financial Projections in Confidential Exhibit A.
c. Provide evidence that the institution will obtain sufficient fidelity coverage on
its officers and employees to conform with generally accepted banking
practices.
Please see Confidential Exhibit G for evidence that Trust Company will obtain sufficient
fidelity coverage on its officers and employees prior to commencing operations.
d. If applicable, list names and addresses of all correspondent depository
institutions that have been established or are planned.
Trust Company does not contemplate establishing correspondent depository institutions.
e. Provide a copy of management’s policies for loans, investments, liquidity,
funds management, interest rate risk and other relevant policies. Provide a
copy of the Bank Secrecy Act program. Contact the appropriate regulatory
agencies to discuss the specific timing for submission.
34

Trust Company abides by a suite of policies, including the following exhibits to this
Application:
● Fiduciary Investment Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-1;
● Capital and Liquidity Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-5;
● Share Dealing Code, included as Confidential Exhibit A-4;
● Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-9;
● AML/CTF Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-10; and
● Customer Privacy Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-7.
Trust Company will not engage in lending, and as such, does not maintain a loan policy.
Additional policies will be provided in accordance with OCC discussions.
f. For Federal Savings Banks or Associations, include information addressing
the proposed institution’s compliance with qualified thrift lender
requirements.
Not applicable.
g. If the institution is, or will be, affiliated with a company engaged in insurance
activities that are subject to supervision by a state insurance regulator,
provide:
i

The name of the insurance company.

ii A description of the insurance activity that the company is engaged in and
has plans to conduct.
iii A list of each state and the lines of business in that state in which the
company holds, or will hold, an insurance license. Indicate the state where
the company holds a resident license or charter, as applicable.
Not applicable.

35

   

      

OCC CERTIFICATION
We, the organizers, certify that the information contained in this application has been examined
carefully and is true, correct, and complete, and is current as of the date of this submission. We
also certify that any misrepresentations or omissions of material facts with respect to this
application, any attachments to it, and any other documents or information provided in
connection with the application for the organization of the proposed financial institution and
federal deposit insurance may be grounds for denial or revocation of the charter and/or
insurance, or grounds for an objection to the undersigned as proposed director(s) or officer(s) of
the proposed financial institution, and may subject the undersigned to other legal sanctions,
including the criminal sanctions provided for in 18 U.S.C. 1001, 1007, and 1014. We request
that examiners be assigned to make any investigations necessary.
We acknowledge that approval of this application is in the discretion of the appropriate federal
banking agency or agencies. Actions or communications, whether oral, written, or electronic, by
an agency or its employees in connection with this filing, including approval of the application if
granted, do not constitute a contract, either express or implied, or any other obligation binding
upon the agency, other federal banking agencies, the United States, any other agency or entity of
the United States, or any officer or employee of the United States. Such actions or
communications will not affect the ability of any federal banking agency to exercise its
supervisory, regulatory, or examination powers under applicable law and regulations. We
further acknowledge that the foregoing may not be waived or modified by any employee or agent
of a federal banking agency or of the United States.
Signature

Date

Typed Name

June 16, 2025

Balazs Barna

June 16, 2025

Mike Boush

June 16, 2025

Teele Mark

June 16, 2025

Harsh Sinha

June 16, 2025

Carol Nelson

FIDUCIARY POWERS APPLICATION
Section I:
1. Please state whether the bank is requesting full or limited fiduciary powers and
describe in detail the type of fiduciary activities the bank will be performing.
WNT is requesting full fiduciary powers in conjunction with its application to establish a
national nondepository trust bank under 12 CFR §§ 5.20 and 5.26.
Trust Company intends to exercise fiduciary powers through the provision of the MCA
product to its customers. Trust Company will issue MCAs to U.S. customers and will have
fiduciary obligations to provide safekeeping or investment management of such customers’ funds.
When opening an MCA, initially a WNT customer will have the option to (i) direct funds to be
placed in a master trust pursuant to a Trust Agreement, for which WNT will serve as the trustee
and invest such funds as fiduciary, or (ii) opt-in for funds to be placed by WNT with U.S.
depository institutions in pass-through depository account(s) for the benefit of WNT’s customers.
Trust Company will also provide fiduciary services to Wise US. As a state regulated
money transmitter, Wise US must safekeep funds equivalent to outstanding money transmission
liabilities in accordance with each states’ laws. The Wise US Treasury team will direct Trust Bank
where to place Wise US funds allocated to permissible investments. Trust Company will act as
custodian for Wise US’ funds in bank accounts and bond funds that are held in Wise US’ name.
2. Does the bank intend to exercise fiduciary powers under a different name, or will
an operating subsidiary be exercising fiduciary activities or, in the case of a federal
savings association, a service corporation? If so, please provide details. If an
operating subsidiary will be exercising fiduciary powers, both the bank and the
operating subsidiary will have to submit separate applications for fiduciary
powers.
Not applicable.
3. Please list addresses where the bank will operate offices that provide core
fiduciary functions, such as entering into binding commitments, making
discretionary decisions and giving advice (per 12 CFR 9.2(e) and 150.30):
Fiduciary activity will be provided out of Trust Company’s headquarters, located at 10025
Alterra Parkway, 23rd Floor, Austin, TX 78758.
4. Provide a copy of the board of directors’ resolution approving the exercise of
fiduciary powers and the name of the entity(ies) that will be exercising them.
The Board resolution approving the exercise of fiduciary powers is included as Exhibit 6.

36

5. Submit a certification stating that the capital the bank intends to maintain, at a
minimum, is equivalent to the state law requirements for state-chartered banks,
trust companies and corporations exercising fiduciary powers in the states where
the bank intends to conduct core fiduciary activities.
Pursuant to Tex. Fin. Code § 182.008, a Texas state trust company must maintain restricted
capital of greater than $2 million. The Texas State banking commissioner may, on a case-by-case
basis, require additional restricted capital.
Based upon the analysis in Confidential Exhibit A-2 and A-3, and the considerations
outlined in OCC Bulletin 2007-21: Supervision of National Trust Banks: Revised Guidance:
Capital and Liquidity, the WNT proposes the capital requirement to be a minimum capital of $7.25
million. This capital is well in excess of the Texas state requirements and consistent with its risk
profile.
6. If the state requires corporations acting in a fiduciary capacity to deposit
securities with state authorities for the protection of private or court trusts,
indicate how the bank will meet this requirement.
Not applicable.
7. Discuss in detail the intended use of affiliates or other related entities to support
the proposed fiduciary activities.
The proposed fiduciary activities will be conducted by WNT employees.
8. Submit an organization chart.
A pro forma organization chart of Wise is included as Exhibit 2.
9. Provide résumés and discuss specific qualifications of anticipated senior
management, e.g., senior vice president, executive vice president, to support the
proposed fiduciary activities.
WNT has identified a CEO, CFO, CRO, and CTO that are uniquely positioned to support
fiduciary activities. The resumes of each will be provided under separate cover. WNT will also
designate two fiduciary officers that will report into the CFO.
10. Discuss any proposed use of dual board members, officers or staff (i.e., individuals
employed by both the entity offering the trust services and any related entity) and
the proposed reporting structure. Address the potential for conflicts of interest
arising from their dual roles and how these potential conflicts will be managed.
Explain how costs such as overhead and salaries will be allocated for dual
employees.
Harsh Sinha is currently contemplated to be dual-hatted to the WNT and Wise US. Mr.
Sinha is proposed as a director of WNT and currently serves as the CTO of Wise and as President
of Wise US’s Board.
37

While WNT does not anticipate conflicts arising from Mr. Sinha’s involvement, the Board
has been carefully constructed to ensure that the majority of members do not have any potential
conflicts arising from dual-hatting. Further, all Board members and officers are subject to the
Share Dealing Code, included as Confidential Exhibit A-4.
The Head of Internal Audit for North America will be employed across both Wise US and
Trust Company. Trust Company does not anticipate a conflict of interest from this structure; the
firmwide IA team is independent and sits outside of the company reporting structure.
11. Describe the proposed audit program for overseeing fiduciary activities. Identify
the internal or external auditors to be used and their specific fiduciary auditing
qualifications.
Trust Company’s proposed audit program is multifaceted. The Trust Board Audit
Committee will assist the Board in oversight of the trust, payments and investment function of the
Bank and have oversight of Trust Company’s financial risks and will serve as the Fiduciary Audit
committee.
Trust Company will be audited by Wise’s IA team. The IA team is currently hiring a Head
of IA for North America, to be based in Austin, TX, and employed by Wise US. This IA auditor
is expected to be a dual-hatted employee of both Wise US and Trust Company and oversee the IA
programs for the U.S. entities. The IA team, in conjunction with the Board, will determine the
annual audit plans for Trust Company.
Trust Company will follow the framework discussed in Enterprise Risk Management and
Compliance in Confidential Exhibit A. The framework provides for three lines of defense, where
independent internal and external auditors provide assurance of risk management practices.
Further, Trust Company will follow the Wise Group Enterprise Risk Management Policy, included
as Confidential Exhibit A-7.
12. Describe the proposed investment decision-making process relating to
discretionary fiduciary account relationships, if applicable. State whether the
bank, or any related entity, is a registered investment advisor under the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C § 80b-1, et seq).
None of Trust Company, or any related entities, are registered investment advisors under
the Investment Adviser Act of 1940.
Any investment decisions will be made pursuant to the Trust Company Fiduciary
Investment Policy, included as Confidential Exhibit A-1.
13. Will proposed fiduciary activities be incorporated into the bank’s online banking
platform? Please describe anticipated customer access capabilities.
The proposed fiduciary activities will be incorporated into Trust Company’s online and
mobile banking platform insofar as a customer will be able to access their MCAs.

38

14. Identify the data processing system to be used to support the proposed fiduciary
activities. Describe the types of records it will generate and how they will be
maintained to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Describe
management qualifications for systems oversight and discuss training program
for systems staff. Also address compliance with record keeping and confirmation
requirements for securities transactions, if applicable.
Trust Company will leverage the Wise group data processing systems.
Please see Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance within Confidential Exhibit A for
a detailed discussion on Trust Company’s proposed recordkeeping and compliance programs.
15. List all anticipated fiduciary service providers, including related entities, and
discuss their qualifications and experience related to the services that will be
provided by the bank.
Trust Company does not anticipate relying on third-party service providers in connection
with its fiduciary services.
16. Describe the anticipated role of any employees, agents, or independent contractors
of the parent, affiliate, subsidiary, service corporation or independent third party
in the marketing, advertising or soliciting of customers for your proposed
fiduciary activities. Also describe any anticipated payments of direct or indirect
referral fees, how the fees will be determined, who will be eligible, and the
anticipated impact on fiduciary income. Provide information on training to
ensure compliance with applicable law and the bank’s fiduciary policies and
procedures.
Trust Company does not anticipate payments of direct or indirect referral fees. The
marketing, advertising, and soliciting of customers for the proposed fiduciary activities is
discussed in the Marketing of Confidential Exhibit A.
Trust Company employees will complete online training and seminars required for all Wise
employees, which will include training sessions related to U.S. regulatory requirements, including
applicable law and WNT’s fiduciary policies and procedures.
17. Provide information concerning any litigation related to fiduciary activities,
pending against the bank, its parent, affiliates or subsidiaries, including the names
of plaintiffs, docket numbers and the nature and amount of claims, if applicable.
There is no current litigation related to fiduciary activities pending against Wise.
18. Provide details of any government investigations (e.g., SEC, FINRA, state
attorneys general, state insurance commissions) on the bank, its parent, affiliates,
or subsidiaries performed during the past five years.
Please see Confidential Exhibit J for a discussion of government investigations performed
during the past five years.
39

Section II:
1. Discuss the reasons for seeking fiduciary powers.
In a concerted effort to bring secure, compliant, faster, affordable cross-border payments
to U.S. customers and small businesses, WNT is to provide payment and related fiduciary services
to its customers.
2. Discuss the fiduciary services to be offered.
Trust Company seeks to offer the fiduciary services to Trust Company’s U.S.-based MCA
customers. Trust Company will act as a fiduciary, investing the customer funds placed into the
master trust pursuant to the Trust Agreement signed by each customer, or placing the funds with
U.S. insured depository institutions in pass-through depository accounts.
Further, Trust Company seeks to provide fiduciary services to Wise US to serve as
custodian for Wise US’ permissible investments. Wise US will direct Trust Company where to
hold Wise US funds allocated to permissible investments that are held in Wise US’ name.
3. Discuss the bank’s marketing strategies for its services and customer retention.
Include any plans to acquire business through the purchase or transfer of existing
fiduciary account relationships.
The marketing, advertising, and soliciting of customers for the proposed fiduciary activities
is discussed in the Marketing within Confidential Exhibit A. Trust Company plans to support
customer retention through the core infrastructure developed by Wise Payments Ltd. The core
infrastructure has the ability to support customer interaction and customer retention.
4. Provide pro forma financial statements reflecting the addition of fiduciary
activities to the bank’s operations over the next three fiscal years. Discuss the
bank’s ability to support fiduciary activities, including potential operating losses,
and their impact on the bank’s overall financial condition.
Please see Confidential Exhibit A-2 for Trust Company’s pro forma financial statements.
For more detail, see Financial Projections discussion within Confidential Exhibit A.
5. Discuss the anticipated budget process as it relates to fiduciary activities.
See Confidential Exhibit A for information on WNT’s financial management process.
6. Discuss the bank’s assessment of the risks to the bank associated with the
proposed fiduciary services. Include the bank’s plans for identifying, measuring,
monitoring, and controlling those risks on an ongoing basis.
Wise has identified several principal risks, including Compliance Risks, Operational Risks
and Financial Risks. A fulsome discussion of the way Trust Company perceives these risks is
available in Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance and Financial Risk Management of
Confidential Exhibit A.

40

Trust Company plans to leverage the Wise group reporting and risk management
framework. These plans are similarly included in Enterprise Risk Management and Compliance
of Confidential Exhibit A.
7. Discuss economic conditions and competitive conditions relating to fiduciary
services that the bank intends to provide in the market area to be served.
In the U.S., banks are the stewards of most of the cross-border volume that emanates from
consumer and business customers. Trust Company’s product offering inclusive of price and
convenience is significantly better than the offerings from banks. Trust Company also competes
with foreign exchange specialists and other digitally native cross-border solutions. In comparison
to FX specialists and digitally native solutions, Trust Company offers Wise’s core competencies
of competitive pricing, transparency and speed in its approach to targeting customers.
Trust Company’s target market population is expected to consist of consumers and
businesses who send cross-border payments, as well as receive and hold funds in different
currencies. Please see Marketing in Confidential Exhibit A for a more granular analysis of the
population trends of the target population.

41

OCC CERTIFICATION
I certify that the bank’s board of directors, shareholders, or a designated official has
authorized the filing of this application. I certify that the information contained in this
application has been examined carefully and is true, correct, complete and current as of the date
of this submission. Additionally, I agree to notify the OCC if the facts described in the filing
materially change prior to receiving a decision or at any time prior to consummation of the action
contemplated herein.
I acknowledge that any misrepresentation or omission of a material fact with respect to this
application, any attachments to it, and any other documents or information provided in
connection with this application may be grounds for denial of the application or revocation of its
approval, and may subject the undersigned to legal sanctions, including the criminal sanctions
provided for in Title 18 of the United States Code.
I acknowledge that the approval of this application is at the discretion of the OCC. The activities
and communications by OCC employees in connection with the filing, including approval of the
application if granted, do not constitute a contract, express or implied, or any other obligation
binding upon the OCC, the United States, any agency or entity of the United States, or any
officer or employee of the United States, and do not affect the ability of the OCC to exercise its
supervisory, regulatory and examination authorities under applicable law and regulations. I
further acknowledge that the foregoing may not be waived or modified by any employee or agent
of the OCC or the United States.

_______________________________________
President or other authorized officer
Mike BouVh
_______________________________________
Typed name
Chief Executive Officer
_______________________________________
Title
:LVH1DWLRQDO7UXVW
______________________________________
_ Employer

8

