江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司
J i a n g x i R i m a g G r o u p C o . , L i m i te d
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT
Stock Code : 2522.HK
CONTENTS
  2   Corporate Information

  4   Chairman’s Statement

 10   Financial and Business Highlights

 13   Management Discussion and Analysis

 61   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

 66   Corporate Governance Report

 95   Report of the Board of Directors

130   Independent Auditor’s Report

136   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

137   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

138   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

140   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

142   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

144   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

265   Financial Summary

266   Definitions
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                        Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生) (Chairman)
    Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生)                                  Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
    (Chairman)                                                 Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (appointed on
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                     December 8, 2025)
    Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰先生)                                        Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士) (retired on
    Mr. LI Feiyu (李飛宇先生)                                       December 8, 2025)

    Non-executive Directors                                    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
                                                               Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生)
    Mr. GUO Tao (郭濤先生)
                                                               (Chairman)
                                                               Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (retired on
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                               December 8, 2025)
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)
                                                               Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)
    Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)
                                                               Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士) (appointed on
    Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)
                                                               December 8, 2025)

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                               AUDITOR
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
                                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)
                                                               Certified Public Accountants
                                                               Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                 22/F, Prince’s Building
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                     Central
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)                                      Hong Kong


    SUPERVISORSNOTE                                            REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. HUANG Junjie (黃俊傑先生) (Chairman)                        Room 1002, 10th Floor, 10# Building
    Mr. XUE Yuansheng (薛源生先生)                                  Public R&D Centre
    Dr. LIU Weiwei (劉魏偉博士)                                     Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South
                                                               Chinese Medicine Science and Technology
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                            Innovation City
                                                               Ganjiang New District
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (Chairman)
                                                               Jiangxi province, China
    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
    Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)




    Note: Upon approval by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on January 13,
          2026, the Company ceased to maintain the Board of Supervisors with effect from January 13, 2026. The then
          members of the Board of Supervisors no longer serve as supervisors nor hold any positions related to the
          Board of Supervisors.

2   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                            Corporate Information


HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL                 HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
Building 2, No. 2 Minzuyuan               Suites 3203-3209, 32/F
Minzuyuan Road                            Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
Chaoyang District                         15 Queen’s Road Central
Beijing, China                            Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS               H SHARE REGISTRAR
IN HONG KONG                              Tricor Investor Services Limited
40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
No. 248 Queen’s Road East                 16 Harcourt Road
Wanchai                                   Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                          STOCK CODE
PRINCIPAL BANK                            H Share: 02522
China Construction Bank Corporation,
Nanchang Branch                           COMPANY WEBSITE
No. 288 Hongdu North Avenue               www.rimag.com.cn
Donghu District
Nanchang
Jiangxi province, China


COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
Red Sun Capital Limited
Room 2703, 27/F
China Insurance Group Building
141 Des Voeux Road Central
Hong Kong




                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    LETTER TO ALL INVESTORS OF RIMAG

    Dear Shareholders, investors and fellow members,

    As I put pen to paper, I am reminded of the broad business landscape we have built. The
    regions where we have long invested are no longer just symbols on a map, but places where
    our teams stand guard day and night, safeguarding our mission.

    Our imaging centers have continued to expand their service network. Empowerment products
    have delivered greater convenience and value to customers, while artificial intelligence has
    increasingly enhanced service delivery across multiple scenarios. These developments,
    scattered across different locations, reflect one common theme: Rimag is weaving a connected
    network.

    This network is not a simple accumulation of service points, but a digital-intelligent ecosystem
    with warmth, connectivity, and vision. We are moving beyond physical expansion toward a new
    stage of holistic collaboration, data integration, and intelligent empowerment.

    The year 2025 was marked by challenges. Volatility in the external environment, industry
    cycles, and the accelerating pace of technological change created pressures across the
    sector. Yet it is precisely in such times that clarity of vision becomes our strongest advantage.
    True competitiveness lies not in holding on to the past, but in anticipating the future with
    confidence.

    Guided by this conviction, we chose to define the present through the lens of the future.

    We are building a digital-intelligent medical imaging ecosystem anchored on three pillars:
    comprehensive scenario coverage, accumulation of data assets, and the deployment of AI
    capabilities. This is not a slogan, but a reflection of the tangible progress we make every day.

    Scenarios are our foundation.

    During the year, the implementation of the “multi-site license” model at Suichuan County
    People’s Hospital marked another step forward in expanding access to imaging services.
    By enabling county hospitals and township health centers to share a single imaging service
    platform, this initiative represents not only a regulatory breakthrough but also a meaningful
    step toward resource integration at the grassroots level.




4   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement


We have focused on regions with relatively limited medical resources, such as Jiangxi, Hunan
and Shaanxi, where we have deepened our operational experience with the “multi-site license”
model. Our goal is to extend the service radius from county hospitals to township health
centers and community clinics, so that a single regional collaborative imaging center can cover
five to eight counties and townships. This allows residents in remote areas to undergo accurate
examinations close to home, helping to ease the challenge of access to healthcare.

At the same time, we are asking ourselves new questions: Can scenarios be broader? Can
service formats be more diverse?

When patients must travel long distances in poor health to reach hospitals, we consider
whether examinations can be brought closer to them. When long queues and limited
appointment slots leave patients waiting for hours, we explore whether booking examinations
can be made as seamless as online shopping.

All of these reflections point in the same direction: expanding service scenarios and innovating
service formats.

In 2025, the official release of the national “Artificial Intelligence+” initiative underscored the
importance of integrating AI with the real economy to deliver tangible benefits to households
and communities. This reinforced our conviction that medical services should not remain
passive points of access, but should evolve into proactive capabilities that reach patients
wherever they are. Our vision is to liberate imaging examinations from fixed locations, enabling
high-quality resources to flow more efficiently and ensuring that individuals – whether in
remote villages or urban communities – can be promptly seen and accurately diagnosed. This
is not merely an enhancement of services, but a fundamental redefinition of their essence, and
it has been a central focus of our reflections in 2025.

Looking beyond China, a simple yet profound question arises: in regions where medical
resources are even more scarce, who will bring the light of imaging to those who share the
same aspiration for health?

Rimag’s imaging solutions have never been about simply deploying equipment or software.
They represent the culmination of a decade of deep engagement in China’s grassroots
healthcare system. They comprise a remote diagnostic framework that connects county
hospitals with leading experts, AI-assisted tools that township health centers can readily adopt,
and a compliant data infrastructure that enables imaging data to flow, be reused, and create
added value. This integrated solution has proven its effectiveness in China, where, through the
reach of our capabilities, we further expanded the number of client groups making use of our
professional expertise to 842 clients.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   5
    Chairman’s Statement


    The natural next step is to ask: can this solution go further?

    In 2025, “going global” was no longer just a strategic concept, but a tangible step forward for
    the Company. Guided by the principle of “China model + local adaptation,” we extended our
    services across borders, overcoming differences in language and regulatory frameworks. We
    believe that access to quality healthcare should not be constrained by national boundaries,
    and that our services deserve to be seen and utilized by more people.

    In Hong Kong and Macau, we delivered digital-intelligent imaging solutions. In Malawi and
    Turkey, we provided basic imaging services through a combination of hardware installation,
    remote support, and AI-assisted diagnostics, enabling communities along the Belt and Road
    to benefit from essential medical imaging. We are evolving into one of the most geographically
    extensive medical imaging service providers, offering a solid foundation of resources and
    network support to meet diverse needs.

    This expansion is not only a matter of scale – it is also a responsibility.

    Data is our most valuable resource.

    As data has become a new factor of production, and with the launch of the national three-year
    “Data Elements ×” action plan and the comprehensive development of trusted data spaces, we
    recognize that unlocking the value of medical data is no longer a question of possibility, but of
    how to do it correctly, deeply, and effectively.

    Rimag enjoys a distinctive advantage: as a licensed independent medical institution, every
    imaging report is issued under our name, carrying legal responsibility and conferring inherent
    rights to manage and use the data. This is not scraped or secondary data, but living,
    medical-grade data generated at source. Over the past decade, we have built a high-quality
    imaging database covering more than 300 disease categories and over ten million cases. It
    is comprehensive in scale, diverse in geographic scope, rich in pathological data, and fully
    structured – precisely the type of high-quality dataset encouraged by national policy.

    We have seen that medical imaging data not only serves as the basis for diagnosis, but is
    also the fuel for AI, and the cornerstone of precision medicine. Yet its value has long been
    constrained by data silos, compliance requirements, and the lack of unified standards. We
    continue to explore how to awaken dormant imaging data, how to overcome the limitations of
    isolated datasets, and how to enable data to generate value through circulation and amplify its
    impact through sharing.




6   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement


The current answer points toward trusted data spaces. This is not merely a technical concept,
but an institutional framework: allowing data to flow within secure boundaries where it is
usable but not visible, to be shared under clear ownership, and to be transacted in compliance
with established rules. We recognize that future solutions may evolve further, and we look
forward to contributing to that journey.

In 2025, we began transforming resources into assets, and assets into business opportunities.
We established a dedicated data governance team and built a full-chain compliance
framework covering collection, cleansing, labeling, storage, and application. Working with
leading law firms, we ensured that every step was conducted within regulatory boundaries.
More importantly, we advanced the integration of data resources into trusted data spaces –
where data serves as training fuel for AI enterprises, supports clinical trials for hospitals, and
provides research resources for universities. Each flow of data is completed within a compliant
framework, with clear traceability and measurable value.

We are becoming a true “data powerhouse” in China’s medical imaging sector. Yet the
significance of such a resource lies not in accumulation, but in utilization. Looking ahead, we
will continue to deepen the development of trusted data spaces, enabling data to circulate
securely, generate incremental value through its use, and ultimately feed back into the
advancement of healthcare.

AI is our engine.

In 2025, AI moved beyond being a “toy” in laboratories to becoming a “tool” in clinics and,
increasingly, a “partner” to physicians.

Medical Image Insights, an AI enterprise incubated by Rimag and an integral part of the
Group, has developed the “MIIA 覓芽 ” multimodal foundation model. This innovation is
enabling AI to evolve from an auxiliary role to a central one. It can interpret multimodal data,
segment organs and lesions, and deliver products capable of comprehensive organ-level and
lesion-level recognition. It also supports small-sample learning and lightweight deployment
in basic healthcare environments. We apply AI for precision diagnosis in flagship centers, for
preliminary screening in grassroots facilities, and for capability export in overseas markets.

What excites me most is not the technology itself, but the possibilities it creates.

What will patients look like ten years from now? Will doctors remain their sole source of
information? Will the authority of physicians rest only on tradition? And will hospitals, if defined
only by equipment and queues, still attract younger generations? These are not abstract
philosophical questions, but realities we must address today.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   7
    Chairman’s Statement


    I often imagine that in the future, young people may visit hospitals not only for treatment, but
    also for experiences unavailable elsewhere – perhaps a cup of hand-crafted coffee, a Picasso
    painting, or a live music performance. It may sound distant, but when viewed through the
    lens of the next five years, it becomes clear: healthcare is transforming from “a place to cure
    illness” into “a place where health happens”.

    AI is the catalyst for this transformation. It frees doctors from repetitive tasks, allowing them
    to focus on human care. It empowers patients to move from passive recipients to active
    managers of their health. And it shifts healthcare from experience-driven to data-driven, from
    standardized approaches to personalized solutions.

    Ecosystem and organization are the safeguards of our progress.

    In 2025, we initiated a deep restructuring of organizational capabilities. Adjustments such
    as vice presidents taking on frontline business responsibilities, imaging center directors
    integrating research, and reallocation of duties among senior management were not merely
    changes in positions, but upgrades in mindset. We emphasized that “every role must be
    clear on how to perform its duties”, and we implemented a closed-loop mechanism whereby
    executives raise questions, teams categorize issues, and all employees receive training. We
    believe that reshaping processes is less important than reshaping understanding.

    We also strengthened our ecosystem by collaborating with internet data service companies and
    medical institutions to jointly build a “technology + research + industry” framework. Together
    with leading global equipment manufacturers, we co-developed customized intelligent devices,
    and with universities we established clinical research imaging platforms to support new drug
    development with digital-intelligent solutions. We are not advancing alone, but are building an
    open, collaborative and symbiotic ecosystem.

    As we look back from the close of 2025, the word that comes most strongly to mind is
    “gratitude”.

    I am deeply grateful to our investors, who stood with us through market fluctuations and
    industry pressures, offering their trust at the most critical times. Due to market and regulatory
    adjustments, the Company has exited the Stock Connect program, which may bring short-term
    liquidity challenges and capital market volatility. Yet we do not shy away from challenges. We
    remain respectful of the market and firmly believe that short-term liquidity does not define
    true value, and temporary tides cannot halt long-term progress. With a solid foundation in our
    core business, clear long-term strategy and enduring competitiveness, we are confident in the
    Company’s ability to withstand the test of time and cycles. Looking ahead, we will continue
    to deliver focused operations and resilient performance, repaying every long-term trust and
    advancing together with those who share our vision.




8   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement


I also extend my heartfelt thanks to every member of the Rimag team, whose dedication,
wisdom and resilience have sustained this enterprise – whether working late into the night,
serving in remote counties, or overcoming technical challenges. I am equally grateful to our
partners, who have joined us in building a healthcare ecosystem for the future.

I have often said that Rimag’s moat lies not only in scale and technology, but in our deep
insight into the essence of “data + healthcare.” The journey is long and demanding, but we are
illuminating the map step by step. Regions once considered “medical deserts” now shine with
the presence of our imaging centers; data long dormant has been awakened and transformed
into valuable resources; grassroots hospitals once excluded from AI are now empowered with
precise diagnostic capabilities.

Scale enables us to go further, technology enables us to go deeper, and data enables us to go
steadier.

Ultimately, our destination is not defined by commercial boundaries, but by the essence of
healthcare itself – ensuring that every individual, wherever they are, can access dignified,
precise, and affordable medical services.

These points of light will eventually connect into a galaxy, illuminating an era where patients no
longer need to travel long distances for care, where early diagnosis and treatment become the
norm, and where data circulation and AI symbiosis empower healthcare.

In 2026, we will continue to run with digital-intelligent solutions as our engine, scenarios as our
foundation, data as our fuel, and AI as our wings. Not because we are faster than others, but
because we consistently define today through the lens of the future.

With light and vision as our ink, and commitment as our paper, I invite you to join us on this
journey forward.

                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd.
                                                          江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司
                                                              Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang
                                                    Chairman of the Board, Executive Director
                                                           and Chief Executive Officer




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   9
     Financial and Business Highlights

     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                        2025              2024 Year-on-year
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000      change

     Revenue                                                           873,120           760,591            14.8%
     Gross profit                                                      295,239           277,332             6.5%
     Loss for the year                                                 (10,505)          (58,858)          (82.2%)
     Profit/(loss) for the year attributable
       to owners of the Company                                           3,748          (45,919)         (108.2%)

     Non-IFRS Measures*:
     EBITDA                                                            216,223           165,247            30.8%

     *      For more details, please see “Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Review – Non-IFRS Measures”.


     During the year, the Group’s overall revenue growth was mainly attributable to seizing the
     opportunities of the industry’s digital-intelligent transformation, advancing strategic upgrades
     across its three major business segments, and focusing on building a digital-intelligent medical
     imaging ecosystem, which enhanced our revenue and resulted in: (a) significant enhancement
     of empowerment services. The Group focused on core capabilities, continuously enriched
     empowering product modules, and strengthened product diversification. At the same time,
     it deepened market promotion and channel deployment, further expanding brand coverage.
     Leveraging comprehensive empowerment advantages, the Company added 842 new solution
     service clients in 2025, significantly increasing client coverage and stickiness; (b) monetization
     of digital-intelligent services. Relying on the massive standardized, high-quality medical
     imaging data accumulated through its extensive offline imaging center network, the Group
     took the lead in opening up the full data chain of “production – governance – compliance –
     transaction”, effectively activating data potential, digital-intelligent platform service capabilities,
     and AI transformation capabilities. This achieved efficient transformation of data value and
     intelligent application across the full imaging process, injecting strong momentum into revenue
     growth; and (c) breakthroughs in overseas business. The Company actively accelerated
     its expansion into overseas markets, continuously optimized its overseas business layout,
     steadily advanced channel construction and brand export, and consistently enhanced market
     penetration and influence abroad. The Group’s overall profit growth during the year was mainly
     attributable to: (a) the above-mentioned revenue increase; and (b) the Company’s continued
     strengthening of cost control and refined management, vigorously advancing digital system
     construction and process optimization. By improving internal operational efficiency, optimizing
     resource allocation, and reducing operating losses, the Group achieved cost reduction and
     efficiency enhancement, effectively improving overall operating performance.




10   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                   Financial and Business Highlights


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
As a leading medical imaging specialist healthcare group and a full-industry-chain service
platform for medical imaging in China, we are the only pioneer in China that has established a
digital and intelligent imaging ecosystem with a closed-loop of “scenarios + data + AI”. Since
the beginning of 2025, our business has achieved the following progress:

1.   Strategic upgrade of three major business segments empowering digital-intelligent
     transformation, and driving leapfrog growth in data value. In 2025, the Group seized
     opportunities arising from the industry’s digital-intelligent transformation and actively
     responded to regulatory challenges. With medical imaging as the core foundation,
     the Group comprehensively upgraded its three major business segments and built an
     intelligent medical imaging ecosystem, establishing a clear ecological operating logic of
     “Scenario – Empowerment – Digital Intelligence”. Imaging center services acted as the
     cornerstone of the ecosystem and the carrier of digital-intelligent scenarios, consolidating
     standardized operations across the entire network; imaging solution services focused on
     asset-light growth, achieving “foundation support + asset-light acceleration”; and digital-
     intelligent services leveraged cloud-based advantages to meet core ecosystem demands,
     upgrading data governance, asset-based operations and AI product incubation. To
     further unlock ecosystem value, the Group relied on its nationwide imaging center
     network to build an industry-leading structured imaging database, becoming the first
     to complete registration and compliance certification of a standardized database for
     a national medical imaging intelligent platform. The Group promoted the compliant
     listing and commercialization of multiple datasets on mainstream big data exchanges,
     successfully establishing the full data chain of “production – governance – compliance
     – transaction” and deeply tapping into the value behind the ecosystem’s data. As of
     the end of 2025, we had cumulatively stored approximately 28 million cases of medical
     imaging data, occupying storage space of up to 7 PB. At the same time, the Group
     advanced the clinical application of AI-assisted diagnostic products, enriched AI
     application scenarios, and enabled digital-intelligent services to achieve leapfrog growth,
     becoming a new growth engine for the Group. Ultimately, this transformation propelled
     the Group from basic imaging services to digital-intelligent value creation, strengthened
     core competitiveness across the entire industry chain, and injected strong momentum
     into long-term high-quality growth.

2.   Stable overall business development with strengthened foundations. In 2025, the
     Group recorded revenue of approximately RMB873.1 million, representing an increase
     of 14.8% compared with approximately RMB760.6 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024, with revenue scale steadily expanding. Profitability improved significantly,
     with net loss of approximately RMB58.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024
     substantially reduced to RMB10.5 million. The effectiveness of the Group’s business
     strategy upgrades was fully unleashed, with resilience and risk resistance of the business
     structure significantly enhanced, and overall operating quality and profitability efficiency
     continuously optimized.

                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   11
     Financial and Business Highlights


     3.     Scaled expansion of individual empowerment services with highlighted
            effectiveness of the asset-light model. The Group positioned individual empowerment
            products as the core carrier for external empowerment through the integration of its
            three key business segments. By decomposing and standardizing core capabilities
            into more than 30 asset-light modular products, the Group developed a flexible service
            model of “standardized output + customized combination”. In 2025, this product covered
            813 clients, achieving broad penetration across medical institutions at all levels. It has
            not only become an important lever for identifying cooperation needs and incubating
            large-scale projects, but also enriched the Group’s asset-light service matrix, effectively
            strengthening the synergistic effect among the three key business segments. In 2025,
            the Group’s revenue from imaging solution services amounted to approximately
            RMB292.6 million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 93.9% compared
            with RMB150.9 million in 2024. The revenue growth was driven by increases in both the
            number of projects and customers, resulting in a leap in scale. This fully demonstrated
            the growth potential of the asset-light model and directly reflected the realization of
            synergies across business segments.

     4.     Breakthrough development in overseas business with substantial progress in
            globalization. The Group identified overseas markets as a core strategic pivot to
            break through industry cycles. In 2025, overseas business revenue reached RMB23.14
            million, marking a critical leap from initial breakthroughs to scaled development. With
            Hong Kong and Macau serving as platforms for international expansion, the Group has
            focused on key regions such as Southeast Asia and Africa. It successfully implemented
            a full-chain comprehensive empowerment project in Malawi and a localized cooperation
            model in Hong Kong and Macau. Overseas asset-light services achieved a zero-to-one
            breakthrough, establishing a diversified overseas layout system and completing the
            initial cross-border output of “products + services + brand”, thereby consolidating the
            foundation for global development.

     5.     Accelerated investment and M&A, dual advancement in digital-intelligent
            transformation and global expansion. In 2025, the Group completed multiple core
            investments, acquisitions and strategic capital injections, deepening its multi-dimensional
            industry layout. The Group acquired a leading enterprise in nuclear medicine imaging
            services, strengthening the core competitiveness of the segment and broadening growth
            pathways; acquired imaging enterprises in the Central China region, securing key market
            positions and enhancing the nationwide imaging service network; injected nearly RMB100
            million into Shanghai Medical Image Insights Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (上海影
            禾醫脈智能科技有限公司) (“Medical Image Insights”), intensively cultivating the medical
            imaging AI track, consolidating the foundation for upgrading digital-intelligent services
            and demonstrating the Group’s firm strategy in AI industry deployment; and signed an
            acquisition agreement with a Turkish enterprise, marking a milestone breakthrough in
            overseas acquisitions and propelling the Group’s globalization strategy into a new stage.



12   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis

I.   BUSINESS REVIEW
     Overview

     As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, we are the only
     operator and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging
     services and value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. Since its
     successful listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 7, 2024 and
     becoming the first listed medical imaging service company in China, the Company has
     continued to deepen its strategic layout and business innovation, and strived to build a
     more efficient, more accessible and more intelligent medical imaging ecological service
     platform. On May 6, 2025, the Company completed the placing of a total of 9,750,000
     placing Shares to no less than six placees at the placing price of HK$20.00 per Placing
     Share, raising net proceeds of approximately HK$182.29 million. On August 22, 2025, the
     Company completed the placing of a total of 35,000,000 placing Shares to no less than
     six placees at the placing price of HK$16.76 per placing Share, raising net proceeds of
     approximately HK$562.11 million, further providing solid capital support for the Group’s
     continued rapid business development.

     In 2025, the third-party medical imaging industry entered a critical period of deep
     digital-intelligent transformation, with the central government intensively introducing
     major policies in the fields of data elements and medical AI. The National Development
     and Reform Commission issued the (          《關於促進數據產業高質量發展的指導意見》                     ) to
     deepen the market-oriented allocation reform of data elements; the State Council
     promulgated the Opinions on Deeply Implementing the “Artificial Intelligence +” Initiative
     《關於深入實施 “ 人工智能+” 行動的意見》
     (                                       ) to clarify the direction of scaled application
     of AI in healthcare; and the National Health Commission, together with multiple
     ministries, jointly released the Implementation Opinions on Promoting and Regulating
     the Development of “Artificial Intelligence + Healthcare” Applications (  《關於促進和規
     範 “ 人工智能+ 醫療衛生 ” 應用發展的實施意見》                   ) to regulate the compliant circulation of
     medical data and AI diagnostic applications. The asset attributes and commercial value
     of medical data were fully unleashed, becoming the core engine driving industry model
     innovation. Coupled with the rigid demand for imaging diagnostics driven by population
     aging, the steady increase in industry concentration, and the continuous expansion
     of overseas medical imaging service cooperation scenarios, the industry embraced
     structural opportunities. Meanwhile, the normalization of strong regulatory oversight
     in the healthcare industry advanced, with multiple provinces optimizing and adjusting
     imaging examination fee policies, placing higher requirements on the adaptability
     of the Company’s existing business model, profitability efficiency, and full industry




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            chain synergy. Facing new opportunities and challenges, the Company continued
            to strengthen its core competitiveness, optimize its business structure, and explore
            growth potential by adhering to its four-dimensional synergistic strategy of “scaling
            up the imaging center network, outputting refined operational capabilities, unlocking
            the value of data resources, and empowering the industry ecosystem platform”.
            Anchored in the core positioning of “building a more efficient, accessible and intelligent
            medical imaging ecosystem service platform”, and committed to the triadic innovation
            synergy of “technology + data + industry”, the Company systematically optimized and
            upgraded its three key business segments. By clarifying the core positioning of each
            segment, delineating business boundaries and reinforcing synergistic collaboration, the
            Company thoroughly broke the previous siloed structure, comprehensively upgraded its
            business model that had previously focused on basic services, and established three
            new business segments with clear positioning, complementary synergy and full-scale
            expansion. Up to date, we have established deep strategic partnerships with industry
            leaders such as Huawei, as well as several top-tier hospitals including Beijing Tiantan
            Hospital, Sichuan University and West China Hospital. With the support of these premier
            partners, the Company is comprehensively driving the optimization and upgrading of
            the industry ecosystem, building a full-chain collaboration system that covers scientific
            research, industrial applications and clinical services, thereby laying a solid foundation
            for the high-quality development of the industry in the future:

            1.     Imaging center services: Clearly positioned as the ecological cornerstone of the
                   Group’s business development and the core scenario carrier of digital-intelligent
                   services. On the one hand, the Group continues to uphold the essence of its
                   core services and optimize its layout, with imaging examinations, diagnostics and
                   operational management as the core services. Through models such as regional
                   collaborative and medical consortium cooperation, the Group achieves balanced
                   allocation of high-quality imaging resources, while enhancing diagnostic quality
                   with standardized service processes and professional technical output. At the
                   same time, by promoting the asset-light expansion model, the Group optimizes the
                   efficiency of network layout, deepens refined operations across the entire network,
                   expands the boundaries of specialized services such as nuclear medicine, and
                   advances the layout of primary healthcare scenarios, thereby continuously serving
                   as a ballast for revenue. On the other hand, based on the existing foundation,
                   the Group has achieved strategic upgrades with a core focus on strengthening
                   the data scenario attributes. By promoting standardized operations across the
                   entire network, the Group has established a unified data collection and quality
                   control system, enabling imaging centers not only to continuously ensure the
                   supply of high-quality diagnostic services, but also to become the core support
                   for digital-intelligent services — serving both as the stable source of high-quality
                   imaging data production and supply, and as the core testing and commercialization
                   scenario for AI-assisted diagnostic products. Ultimately, this achieves deep
                   integration of basic diagnostic services and digital-intelligent empowerment,
                   laying a solid foundation of scenarios and data for the Group’s data asset-based
                   operations and AI technology implementation.




14   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Imaging solution services: Focused on building the Group’s core engine for
     asset-light expansion. On the one hand, inheriting the essence of core services,
     the Group provides a full-chain solution of “equipment + services” based on
     equipment selection and configuration, infrastructure renovation and professional
     maintenance services, supplemented by training services and cloud platform
     support. This solution offers both integrated service packages and single-service
     procurement, practicing the core philosophy that “using equipment well is more
     important than purchasing good equipment”, thereby providing solid support for
     medical institutions at all levels to enhance their imaging service capabilities.
     On the other hand, the Group has deeply upgraded and iterated its existing
     system, with a particular focus on strengthening the advantages of individual
     empowerment asset-light services — optimizing the standardized and modularized
     capability output system, and penetrating customer needs through lightweight
     “hook products” such as remote diagnostics, repair and maintenance, medical
     construction professional services (including design consulting, construction
     services, licensing services, and evaluation of machine rooms or functional areas),
     and imaging-related product supply chain services. These are then extended to
     full-chain solutions, expanding customer coverage and industry influence through
     the combined model of “basic business support + accelerated asset-light growth”,
     while continuing the core positioning of full-process empowerment.

3.   Digital-intelligent services: The services have been upgraded to become the
     Group’s core driver of value enhancement, encompassing data services, AI
     diagnosis services and digital-intelligent platform services (intelligently upgraded
     from the original Rimag Cloud information services), forming the growth core
     powered by the dual engines of “Data + AI”. On one hand, the digital-intelligent
     platform services rely on the Rimag Cloud platform to complete the full-process
     upgrade of the intelligent service platform, precisely matching the differentiated
     application needs of hospitals, doctors and patients: for imaging centers
     and hospital imaging departments, providing intelligent refined management
     capabilities to improve operational quality and efficiency and achieve standardized
     management; for doctors, building dedicated intelligent workstations to
     comprehensively empower improvements in diagnostic efficiency and accuracy;
     and for patients, offering intelligent interpretation of imaging reports and various
     convenient application services to optimize the overall medical experience. The
     platform is supported by business process modules such as remote consultation
     information services, cloud storage and imaging information system services, as
     well as operational management modules such as refined operations and quality
     control systems. Through standardized processes, it continuously enhances the
     operational efficiency of medical institutions, facilitates the implementation of
     hierarchical diagnosis and treatment, and extends and upgrades the foundational
     empowerment role previously established in the digitalized operation of medical
     imaging. On the other hand, the Group has achieved strategic upgrades in three
     major directions — strengthening data governance capabilities by establishing a



                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                   full-process governance system covering data collection, cleansing and compliance
                   to ensure data quality and security; deepening the release of data asset value by
                   promoting asset-based operations, exploring compliant circulation pathways and
                   transforming data resources into core value carriers; and accelerating AI product
                   incubation and commercialization by leveraging accumulated imaging data to
                   develop foundational medical imaging models and AI-assisted diagnostic tools,
                   implementing its core commercialized service of AI diagnosis to generate direct
                   revenue, while simultaneously launching digital consumables-related intelligent
                   services to realize multi-dimensional AI commercialization value, thereby feeding
                   back into the enhancement of the other two business segments. Through these
                   three directions of upgrade, digital-intelligent services not only consolidate the
                   operational empowerment function of the original cloud services, but also build
                   a value closed-loop of “data governance – assetization – AI commercialization”,
                   which will become the Group’s core engine of revenue growth in the
                   digital-intelligent domain.

            Currently, the Company’s revenue is driven by the three key business segments as
            the core growth engines. While consolidating the advantages of deep cultivation in
            core businesses, the Company further amplifies growth momentum through broad
            expansion: (1) Imaging center services continue to deepen collaboration with the
            public healthcare system, private hospitals and industry partners, expanding domestic
            market coverage through the dual drivers of standardized diagnosis and treatment and
            digital-intelligent empowerment, while actively advancing overseas imaging center layout
            by means of self-built projects, acquisitions and mergers, thereby extending service
            capabilities across borders; (2) Imaging solution services leverage lightweight individual
            empowerment products to achieve rapid market penetration, while collaborating
            with industry chain partners to build a full-chain overseas system of “equipment +
            consumables + technology + services”, forming synergy with the overseas layout
            of imaging center services and supporting the international expansion of China’s
            imaging service brand; (3) Digital-intelligent services focus on the commercialization
            of imaging big data in clinical research and artificial intelligence, releasing high-margin
            growth momentum through the closed-loop of “data governance – assetization –
            AI commercialization”. The three key business segments, together with individual
            empowerment products and overseas business layout, work in synergy to build a
            diversified growth pattern of “core deep cultivation + broad expansion”, injecting lasting
            and strong momentum into the Company’s revenue growth.

            For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated revenue of approximately
            RMB873.1 million, primarily derived from: (1) imaging center services; (2) imaging
            solution services; and (3) digital-intelligent services.




16   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Imaging Center Services

As the ecological cornerstone of the Group’s business development and the core
scenario carrier of digital-intelligent services, imaging center services aim to address
industry pain points such as uneven distribution of medical imaging resources,
weak diagnostic capabilities at the grassroots level, and information barriers across
institutions. They achieve efficient allocation and broad accessibility of high-quality
medical imaging resources, enhance the quality of grassroots diagnosis and treatment,
and improve overall industry operational efficiency, thereby building a standardized
imaging service system covering all scenarios. Various types of imaging centers (flagship
imaging centers, regional collaborative imaging centers, specialized medical consortium
imaging centers, and operational management imaging centers), regardless of
differences in business scenarios and service content, all undertake key functions such
as high-quality imaging data production and AI commercialization, serving as important
scenario support for the Group’s digital-intelligent transformation. Together, they lay a
solid foundation for data asset-based operations, technological innovation iteration, and
industry ecosystem synergy.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, our revenue from imaging center services
amounted to approximately RMB553.8 million, representing a decrease of 8.5%
compared with approximately RMB605.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The changes were primarily attributable to a combination of factors including fluctuations
in the domestic macroeconomic environment and normal industry adjustments. In
particular, during the first half of 2025, several provinces across China intensively
introduced policies to adjust the charging standards for imaging examination services,
which imposed higher requirements on the revenue model and profitability of the medical
imaging services industry. In response to the continued macroeconomic downturn and
evolving healthcare industry environment, we leveraged our forward-looking strategic
deployment to strengthen the imaging center business as our core foundation and
continuously consolidated our offline network advantages. Through strategic acquisitions
and mergers, we expanded business boundaries, deepened penetration into the private
healthcare market, broadened multi-level cooperation dimensions, and actively pursued
overseas market expansion to enhance global business capabilities. At the same time,
we accelerated digital-intelligent transformation, effectively unlocking the potential of
data, achieving efficient conversion of data into value and revenue, enriching our product
portfolio, and launching more diversified and flexible lightweight products and services,
thereby providing strong new momentum for revenue growth across multiple dimensions.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Implementation of the innovative model of regional collaborative imaging centers.
            In February 2025, Xiangtan Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnostic Center (湘潭一脈陽光醫
            學影像診斷中心) (“Xiangtan Center”) achieved innovative expansion by adopting the
            “multi-site license” model and cooperating with Xiangtan First People’s Hospital to
            establish a regional collaborative imaging sub-center within the hospital. The sub-center
            successfully obtained the additional practice address under the medical practice license
            and commenced operations in March 2025. This expansion created an efficient growth
            path with the flagship center as the hub, radiating to regional medical institutions,
            ensuring service quality consistency and high standards at the sub-center, and achieving
            optimized allocation and efficient collaboration of imaging diagnostic resources within
            the region. This expansion not only validated the commercial feasibility and replicability
            of the “multi-site license ” model, but also provided replicable practical experience for the
            Group to promote similar cooperation in other key regions, further expanding network
            coverage. It has become a typical benchmark for regional deep cultivation and efficient
            expansion of imaging center services.

            Nuclear medicine segment M&A strengthening core competitiveness. In June 2025,
            we completed the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Guangzhou Gaomai Health
            Technology Co., Ltd (廣州高脈健康科技有限公司). Through the integration of Gaomai
            Health’s high-quality molecular imaging center resources accumulated in the field of
            nuclear medicine, its profound professional expertise, and nuclear pharmaceutical
            research and development capabilities, the Group significantly strengthened its core
            competitiveness in nuclear medicine project development, management and operations.
            At the same time, by leveraging its advantages in nuclear pharmaceutical R&D, the
            Group enhanced the precision diagnostic capabilities of nuclear medicine, laying a solid
            foundation for the synergistic development of medical imaging businesses and opening
            up diversified growth pathways.

            Central China market acquisition securing strategic positioning and enhancing
            nationwide imaging network. In September 2025, we completed the acquisition of
            100% equity interest in Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnostic Co., Ltd. (長沙眾
            雅醫學影像診斷有限公司). Through this acquisition, the Group was able to quickly rely on
            its mature local operating system, stable customer resources, and high-quality medical
            cooperation network to achieve strategic positioning in the core market of Central China.
            This significantly shortened the cycle and cost of building a regional imaging network
            from scratch, further improving the nationwide imaging service network layout.




18   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Signing of five shared centers shaping medical ecosystem. In October 2025, we
successfully won the bid for the regional medical resource sharing center project of
Tianjin Beichen Hospital (天津市北辰醫院) and received the bid-winning notification.
This project represents the Company’s first government-cooperation medical
resource integration project in Tianjin, and also the first comprehensive project led
by the Company that covers five major sharing centers. The project breaks through
the traditional boundaries of the Company’s imaging services, extending beyond
conventional radiology and nuclear medicine core imaging services to include pathology,
laboratory testing and health management (physical examinations), thereby building a
full-chain regional medical resource sharing system of “imaging + pathology + laboratory
testing + health management + supporting services”. As a key implementation measure
of the Company’s “regional deep cultivation, nationwide expansion” strategy, the project
integrates regional medical resources to achieve cross-department and cross-scenario
service collaboration and efficient allocation. It not only provides local patients with
one-stop, standardized, high-quality medical services, but also establishes a replicable
operational model for regional medical resource sharing, laying a solid operational and
financial foundation for subsequent cross-regional project expansion. This business
expansion is an important exploration of the Company’s transformation from single
imaging services to comprehensive medical ecosystem services, marking the Company’s
gradual breakthrough of industry boundaries and its progression toward becoming
a medical ecosystem service provider covering the entire diagnostic and treatment
process, while accumulating valuable practical experience for future industry ecosystem
layout. The project is expected to complete investment and construction and commence
operation within 2026.

Milestone breakthrough in overseas expansion. In December 2025, we successfully
signed our first overseas acquisition project. We aim to acquire 100% equity interest in
a local Turkish enterprise, LEDMAR GORUNTUILEME MERKEZI VE SAGLIKHIZMETLERI
LIMITED SIRKETI, which specializes in providing compliant medical imaging services for
the public healthcare system. The target company has established stable cooperative
relationships with the local public healthcare system, continuously providing supportive
imaging examinations services for 4 local medical institutions. It possesses a mature
localized operational foundation and a compliant cooperation model. This acquisition
not only represents the substantive implementation of the Group’s overseas layout of
imaging center services, but also marks the cross-border output of the Company’s
core capabilities in imaging center operation and management, medical equipment
configuration and localized compliance services, deeply aligning with the Group’s
globalization strategy of “products + services + brand”. The project provides an
important strategic foothold for the Group to further expand into the markets of Central
and Eastern Europe and West Asia, effectively improving the regional coverage of
the global medical imaging service network. It also accumulates valuable localized
experience for subsequent overseas expansion through diversified models such as
acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, propelling the Group’s internationalization
strategy into a new stage.


                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Multi-domain strategic cooperation building an integrated industry ecosystem.
            In 2025, to strengthen the capabilities of imaging center services and enhance
            the synergistic efficiency of the industry ecosystem, we established in-depth
            strategic collaborations with high-quality partners across multiple fields, including
            insurance, traditional Chinese medicine, oncology healthcare and regional medical
            institutions. Together with China Life Insurance, we created a new nationwide health
            service paradigm around “health management + insurance protection + technology
            empowerment”, advancing the integration of the “insurance + health” industries into a
            full-cycle service stage. In cooperation with Guangzhou Blue Ocean Pharmaceutical (廣
            州藍海醫藥) under Gushengtang (固生堂), we jointly developed a dual-empowerment
            model of “imaging + traditional Chinese medicine”, deepening collaboration in areas
            such as imaging referrals, chronic disease management and research innovation,
            thereby breaking traditional disciplinary barriers. With Baize Medical (佰澤醫療), we
            focused on integrating premium oncology healthcare resources in medical imaging
            platform construction and oncology specialty capability enhancement. In partnership
            with Tangshan Central Hospital (唐山中心醫院), we organized a radiotherapy academic
            seminar and signed a strategic cooperation agreement to support the systematic
            and professional development of precision radiotherapy in North China. Meanwhile,
            we signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Deyu Medical (德馭醫療) to further
            expand the breadth and depth of premium medical resource integration. This series of
            strategic collaborations enriched the service scenarios and application boundaries of
            imaging centers from multiple dimensions. By complementing resources and co-building
            capabilities, they enhanced the service efficiency of the entire industry chain, while
            also injecting practical momentum into the upgrading of regional healthcare service
            capabilities and the high-quality development of the medical imaging industry.

            For the year ended December 31, 2025, we developed 16 new imaging center projects,
            commenced operation of 16 new imaging centers, and renewed the operation of 2
            imaging centers. As at December 31, 2025, our medical imaging center network had
            achieved deep coverage across 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in
            China, forming a scaled and integrated operating matrix. As at December 31, 2025, we
            commenced operations of 18 imaging centers (based on signed operation confirmation
            letters), including 1 flagship imaging center, 2 regional collaborative imaging centers,
            13 specialized medical consortium imaging centers and 2 operational management
            imaging centers. As at December 31, 2025, the Company was operating a total of 117
            imaging centers, comprising 10 flagship imaging centers, 31 regional collaborative
            imaging centers, 62 specialized medical consortium imaging centers and 14 operational
            management imaging centers. As at December 31, 2025, the Company held a total of
            34 valid medical institution practice licenses, comprising 32 valid third-party medical
            imaging center permits, one Internet hospital permit, and one remote medical diagnosis
            permit.




20   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


Imaging Solution Services

Imaging solution services serve as the core carrier of the Group’s asset-light strategy.
The scope of services includes imaging equipment solutions and individual empowerment
products (such as imaging capability enhancement services and remote diagnosis), which
represent the extension and externalization of imaging center service capabilities. They
focus on the full life-cycle operation and management of medical imaging equipment,
addressing industry pain points such as low utilization rates of imaging equipment in
medical institutions, insufficient professional operation and technical support capabilities,
incomplete supporting service systems for equipment, and difficulties in implementing
digital transformation. The Group provides full-chain solutions including equipment
selection and configuration, infrastructure renovation, professional technical training,
equipment repair and maintenance and Rimag Cloud platform supporting services. In
2025, the Group continuously upgraded its imaging solution service system, breaking the
rigid model of traditional one-stop services by decomposing services into standardized,
independently combinable individual empowerment asset-light products. This created
an innovative service model of “standardized output + customized combination”, which
effectively lowered the adoption threshold for medical institutions, precisely matched
the personalized needs of different levels and types of clients, fully activated market
adaptability and growth vitality of services, and helped medical institutions maximize
the value of imaging equipment. At the same time, it enabled the Group to establish a
synergistic development pattern of “imaging center services + solution services”, further
consolidating the Group’s comprehensive service capabilities in the medical imaging
industry chain. For details of individual empowerment products, please refer to the
section headed “Individual Empowerment Products” in this section.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue generated from imaging solution
services was approximately RMB292.6 million, representing an increase compared
with approximately RMB150.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, with a
year-on-year growth of 93.9%. The revenue scale achieved leapfrog growth, becoming
the core engine of the Group’s business growth. Together with imaging center services,
it formed a complementary and mutually reinforcing development trend, effectively
offsetting the operational pressure brought by industry adjustments and demonstrating
the growth potential of the asset-light business model.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            The significant revenue growth of imaging solution services was primarily attributable to
            the combined results of seizing industry development opportunities, deepening service
            model innovation, and continuously optimizing business layout. The core driving factors
            were reflected in three aspects: First, the comprehensive implementation and large-scale
            promotion of asset-light individual empowerment products. Standardized and modular
            services significantly lowered the threshold for customer cooperation, enabling rapid
            expansion of client numbers across medical institutions at all levels. Customer coverage
            extended from core partner institutions to diversified entities such as private medical
            institutions, grassroots medical consortia, and county-level medical centers, thereby
            substantially enhancing both the breadth and depth of market coverage and gradually
            releasing scale effects. Second, the continued release of policy dividends from new
            medical infrastructure. National policies promoting the renewal and upgrading of medical
            equipment and the enhancement of grassroots medical service capabilities drove steady
            recovery in demand for imaging equipment configuration and upgrades. Leveraging
            its mature service system and industry-leading comprehensive capabilities, the Group
            precisely captured market opportunities and achieved efficient execution of business
            orders. Third, the comprehensive upgrade of the service system and capabilities. The
            Group extended from single equipment supporting services to full life-cycle integrated
            services for imaging equipment, enriching service content and added value. At the
            same time, by relying on the Group’s brand influence and industry resource integration
            capabilities, it deepened ecosystem collaboration with upstream imaging equipment
            manufacturers and downstream medical institutions, achieving efficient linkage between
            the supply chain and service chain and improving business conversion efficiency. In
            addition, the Group continuously optimized customer service and operational systems,
            formulating differentiated service strategies for different customer groups, thereby
            enhancing customer stickiness and repurchase rates, and providing a solid customer
            foundation for revenue growth.




22   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Digital-intelligent Services

As the core carrier of the Group’s strategic upgrade and the future core engine for
value enhancement, digital-intelligent services are deeply aligned with national policy
directions such as the Three-Year Action Plan for Data Elements × (2024-2026) (       《“ 數
據要素 ×” 三年行動計劃(2024-2026 年)) and the Interim Measures for the Administration
of Generative Artificial Intelligence Services (《生成式人工智能服務管理暫行辦法》                 ). These
policies promote the compliant circulation of medical data and the standardized clinical
application of AI technologies, providing solid policy support for business development.
Leveraging the nationwide imaging center network, we have built China’s leading
structured imaging database within an individual institutional system, with a total volume
of approximately 28 million medical imaging data cases. The database has accumulated
standardized imaging data as well as multi-modal datasets, forming a high-quality core
entry point for data production. At the same time, we possess professional capabilities
in data cleansing and structured annotation, and have established a comprehensive data
compliance governance system. We have completed public registration of the standard
database for the medical imaging intelligent platform, certification of data resource
registration, and compliant listing of multiple datasets on exchanges, thereby connecting
the entire chain of “data production – governance – transaction”.

The upgrade of Rimag Cloud services into digital-intelligent services represents our
strategic move to align with the industry’s digital-intelligent transformation trend,
achieving a leap from single information-based services to a comprehensive service
system of “data value mining + AI technology empowerment + information infrastructure
support”. This not only consolidates the strategic foundation of the dual engines of
“data + AI”, but also injects digital-intelligent momentum into imaging center services
and imaging solution services through cross-segment synergy, opening long-term value
growth potential. Digital-intelligent services are built around the core of “integration of
data and intelligence, full-chain empowerment”, establishing a service system with dual
support from “data” and “intelligence”. On the “data” side, the focus is on data value
release and professional data governance services, providing full-process services from
data collection, cleansing, annotation, and structuring to compliant transactions. This
results in standardized dataset products that meet diverse needs such as scientific
research, AI training, and clinical applications, driving the transformation of data
resources into data assets. On the “intelligence” side, it encompasses two cores: AI
products and information infrastructure services. On the AI product front, our incubated
subsidiary, Shanghai Medical Image Insights Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (上海
影禾醫脈智能科技有限公司) (“Medical Image Insights”), launched the world’s first
full-modality medical imaging foundation model, as well as a series of globally leading
products trained on this foundation model, including chest CT auxiliary diagnosis and
cranial CT auxiliary diagnosis intelligent agents (Scan to Report AIR). These innovations




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            have achieved dual improvements in diagnostic efficiency and accuracy, while reducing
            operating costs for medical institutions. As for information infrastructure services, they
            inherit the core capabilities of the original Rimag Cloud, providing standardized modules
            such as medical imaging business process management, cloud film, regional imaging
            interconnection and mutual recognition, and operational management. Together, they
            establish a solid foundation for the digital-intelligent operation of medical institutions
            and form a closed-loop ecosystem of “data driving AI iteration, AI empowering service
            upgrades, and services feeding back into data accumulation”.

            Fruitful achievements in digital-intelligent development, comprehensive formation
            of intellectual property matrix. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we deepened
            our efforts in technological R&D and achievement transformation in the digital-intelligent
            domain, cumulatively obtaining 122 software copyrights, 2 medical device product
            registration certificates and 2 invention patents, with 3 invention patent applications
            pending review. We have built a comprehensive intellectual property matrix covering
            data governance, AI algorithms, and information platforms, providing solid protection for
            technological innovation and market expansion.

            Leapfrog growth in digital-intelligent service revenue, record-high scale of revenue.
            For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue generated from digital-intelligent
            services was approximately RMB26.8 million, representing an increase of about 458.3%
            compared with approximately RMB4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024,
            achieving leapfrog growth in revenue scale. Revenue growth was driven by multiple
            synergistic factors: (1) the continued deepening of national reforms in the marketization
            of data elements, with significantly increased demand for compliant circulation of medical
            data. The Group’s data products successfully achieved commercialization, becoming
            the core driver of revenue growth; (2) the remarkable results of strategic upgrades, as
            digital-intelligent services extended from single information-based services to integrated
            “data + AI + information” services. The product matrix became more aligned with the
            diverse needs of medical institutions undergoing digital-intelligent transformation,
            with customer coverage and service depth continuously improving; (3) the accelerated
            digital-intelligent transformation of the healthcare industry, with the implementation of
            policies promoting AI-assisted diagnosis, imaging mutual recognition, and telemedicine
            driving upgraded industry demand. The Group’s AI products and information services,
            with their technological advantages and scenario adaptability, gained increasing market
            recognition; and (4) the release of synergistic effects across multiple business segments,
            as imaging center services provided massive high-quality data for digital-intelligent
            services, and imaging solution services facilitated rapid penetration of digital-intelligent
            products, forming a combined force for business growth.




24   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Data resources registered, which was the first step toward assetization. In January
2025 and March 2025, our subsidiary Nanchang Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnostic
Co., Ltd. (南昌一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司) took the lead in completing the public
announcement and registration of the nation’s first “Standard Database of the Medical
Imaging Intelligent Platform”. Subsequently, our subsidiary Beijing Rimag Medical
Information Technology Co., Ltd. (北京一脈陽光醫學信息技術有限公司) completed the
public announcement and registration of the “ Standard Set of Structured Medical
Imaging Data”. Both companies successfully obtained the “Data Resource Registration
Certificate”, formally marking a core step in the transformation of data resources into
data assets.

Data sets listed on exchange, thus solidifying assetization circulation foundation.
In April 2025, our subsidiary Beijing Rimag Medical Information Technology Co., Ltd.
(北京一脈陽光醫學信息技術有限公司) (“Beijing Rimag Information”) successfully listed
its “CT Chest Lesion Annotation Data” on the Shanghai Data Exchange (listing number:
1571967301-YLIIIEJ5101) and was awarded the “Data Supply and Demand Certification”
(certification number: GXESP12025033174B). This milestone signifies that the Group’s
medical data assetization has established a foundation for market circulation, providing
core support for compliant data applications in scenarios such as scientific research
and AI training. In the same month, the Group was appointed as the chairing unit of the
newly established AI+ Innovation Application Committee of the Shanghai Modern Service
Industry Federation. Together with government departments, industry leaders, research
institutions and capital partners, the Group will jointly promote the co-construction of
technical standards, cross-industry data sharing and international resource alignment,
further consolidating its industry influence in the field of medical digital-intelligent
development. In August 2025, the Group’s medical imaging dataset successfully passed
compliance review at the Beijing International Big Data Exchange and was listed (product
number: PD2025082117370118). Together with the Shanghai Data Exchange, this
established a north-south coordinated layout, formally building a medical data trading
base covering China’s core regions and improving the Group’s nationwide marketization
layout of data elements. As the data provider, Beijing Rimag Information entered into
a tripartite trading contract with the data user and the Beijing Big Data Exchange, and
completed the first batch of data transactions in September 2025. This transaction
achieved the Group’s first commercial monetization breakthrough on a northern data
trading platform, marking cross-regional and authoritative recognition of the market value
of the Group’s medical imaging data assets. It successfully connected the full chain
of “data production – compliance review – market transaction”, accumulated practical
experience for the scaled implementation of data assetization, and further consolidated
the Group’s industry leadership in the marketization of medical data elements.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Exploring compliant transaction pathways, achieving a 10 million revenue
            milestone. In October 2025, Beijing Rimag Information signed the Data Co-construction
            Cooperation Agreement with Beijing Data Pilot Zone Service Co., Ltd. (北京數據先行
            區服務有限公司) and Beijing International Computing Power Service Co., Ltd. (北京國
            際算力服務有限公司). Leveraging the compliance review and model training support
            provided by the Beijing Data Pioneer Zone, together with the trusted storage and high-
            performance computing infrastructure of Beijing International Computing Power, the
            parties explored compliant application pathways for medical imaging data in scenarios
            such as model training and AI development. This cooperation has already generated
            revenue of approximately RMB10 million. This tripartite collaboration represents a key
            initiative for the Group to deeply integrate top-tier compliance resources and computing
            power infrastructure. It not only strengthens the dual foundations of data and computing
            power for the technological iteration of the Group’s medical imaging foundational models
            and AI-assisted diagnostic products, but also establishes a synergistic ecosystem of
            “compliant data + computing power support + scenario application”. This drives the
            Group’s strategic upgrade from data resource ownership to deep value extraction. At
            the same time, the cooperation model creates a replicable paradigm for the intelligent
            and compliant application of medical data across the industry, enhancing the Group’s
            industry voice in digital-intelligent healthcare and supporting the implementation of its
            integrated innovation ecosystem of “technology + data + industry”.




26   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


In alignment with the strategic upgrade goals of digital-intelligent services, the Group
continued to deepen industry chain collaboration and technological innovation,
systematically strengthening the AI ecosystem closed loop of “scenario-data-AI”
through comprehensive strategic cooperation with leading enterprises, top medical
institutions, local governments and ecosystem partners. In 2025, we entered into a
deep collaboration with iFlytek Healthcare (訊飛醫療) (stock code: 2506), achieving joint
progress in areas such as regional market development, co-construction of trusted data
spaces, medical foundational model R&D and the creation of smart healthcare solutions.
At the same time, we jointly established the Artificial Intelligence Intelligent Imaging
Research Institute with West China Hospital of Sichuan University (四川大學華西醫院)
and Medical Image Insights, promoting the efficient transformation of AI technologies
from scientific research innovation to clinical application. Building on the foundation of
research collaboration, Medical Image Insights, together with West China Hospital and
Huawei Healthcare Corps, released the core product of the “Hetu Project”—the chest CT
pathway-level auxiliary diagnostic AI tool (Scan to Report AIR)—effectively addressing
industry application pain points. Meanwhile, in cooperation with the People’s Government
of Qingyang City and Medical Image Insights, the Group advanced the layout of the
medical big data industry, supporting the construction of the Qingyang data center
cluster and deeply integrating into the national “Eastern Data, Western Computing”
strategy. These strategic collaborations mutually reinforce and organically connect
with one another, comprehensively enhancing the Group’s technological strength and
scenario implementation capabilities in digital-intelligent services, and providing core
support for the digital-intelligent transformation of the medical imaging industry.

Integrated One-stop Ecosystem Platform Centered around Our Three Key Business
Segments

As a leading specialized medical imaging group in China and a full-industry-chain
integrated service operator, we focus on the core pain points and diversified needs
of the medical imaging industry, building an integrated one-stop ecosystem service
platform composed of three key business segments: imaging center services, imaging
solution services and digital-intelligent services. Our three core business segments form
an organically connected and deeply synergistic strategic community, constituting a
closed-loop empowerment and mutually reinforcing collaborative ecosystem of “imaging
center services as the scenario foundation and data production core, digital-intelligent
services as the technology-driven engine and value-mining hub, and imaging solution
services as the capability output carrier and scenario expansion bridge”. This ecosystem
deeply links diverse industry participants across the value chain, including equipment
manufacturers, medical institutions at all levels, research institutes, AI enterprises and
industry partners.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            The three business segments support and transform each other: imaging centers provide
            real scenarios and high-quality data for digital-intelligent services; digital-intelligent
            services enhance the operational efficiency and service capacity of imaging centers
            through AI and information technologies; imaging solution services serve as the
            bridge for external output of ecosystem capabilities. Ultimately, this forms a complete
            ecosystem closed loop of “scenarios accumulating data, data driving digital-intelligence,
            digital-intelligence empowering services, and services expanding scenarios”, enabling
            every participant in the ecosystem to achieve value co-creation and efficient win-win
            outcomes.

            The following diagram illustrates the integrated one-stop ecosystem platform centered
            around our three key business segments:

                          Three core businesses of the Company form a one-stop ecosystem platform
                                               connecting different participants

                                                                                                                                   AI Service Providers

                                                                                                   AI Technical                Application
                                                                                                      Tools                     Scenario


                                                                                           Digital-Intelligent Services

                             Other Participants                                                                                                                                                    Medical Institutions
                                                         Industry                                                                                                                        Purchase
                                                         Expertise                                                                                                                    Imaging Services
                                                                                           Digital-Intelligent       Data          AI Diagnosis
                                                                                               Platform             Services         Services
                                            Research                                           Services
                                          Achievements                                                                                                                                         Enhance Imaging
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Capabilities

                                                                Data Assets                         Connection               Smart
                                                                 and Data                            to Cloud            Technology and                      Data Upload
                                                                 Services                            Platform               Big Data
                                                                                                                            Services

                                                                                                                                                      Imaging
           Innovative model                                                                                                                                                                                           Technological
                                                                                                                   Accumulate
                                                                                                                      Core
                                                                            Imaging Center                         Capabilities                     Empowerment
          (Regional sharing model)                                             Services                                and
                                                                                                                    Transform
                                                                                                                                                      Solutions                                                        Innovation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    (Data-driven services)
                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                    Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Purchase
                                       Installation of                                                                               Equipment       SeInfrastructure        Analysis of              Imaging
                                                                         Flagship      Regional Collaborative                       Selection and      Renovation          Clinical Imaging
                                        Services and                                                                                Configuration         rvices             Capabilities           Services and
                                         Software                                                                                                                                                      Health
                                          Systems                                                                                                                                                   Management
                                                                     Specialized Medical     Operational
                                                                        Consortium           Management
                                                                                                                  Extend to More          Quality     Training of       Repair and
                                                                                                                                          Control    Medical Staff      Maintenance
                                                                                                                 Imaging Centers

                                                  Imaging                                                                                                                                     Accurate
                                                 Equipment                                                                                                                                    Diagnosis



                            Imaging Equipment                                                                                                                                                     Patients and Other
                                Providers                                                          Smart                       Specialized                                                       Healthcare Consumers
                                                                                                Workstation                      Clinical
                                                                                                and Training                   Knowledge
                                                                                                 Programs                       and Skills



                                                                                                                                   Radiologists and Other
                                                                                                                                   Medical Professionals




28   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Formation of a Unique “Scenario-Data-AI” Closed-loop Ecosystem for Medical
Imaging AI Industry Applications

Building upon the integrated one-stop ecosystem platform, the Group has deepened
the implementation of its “technology + data + industry” strategy, constructing a
full-chain closed-loop ecosystem from its proprietary imaging center network to the
commercialization of AI foundational models. This has pioneered the core pathway
for the scaled implementation of medical imaging AI industry applications. The core
value logic lies in the organic integration of high-quality data production at the physical
layer, algorithm model R&D at the technology layer, and deep scenario adaptation at
the application layer, thereby forming a complete AI industry closed loop of “scenario-
data-AI”. This establishes a benchmark paradigm for “AI + healthcare” at the industry
application end and provides core support for the strategic upgrade of digital-intelligent
services.

At the scenario level, the Group’s imaging center network spans 20 provinces,
autonomous regions, and municipalities nationwide, comprising 117 medical imaging
centers. This network serves both as a natural production entry point for massive
high-quality medical imaging data and as a core terminal scenario for the validation
of AI product implementation. This unique advantage of “data-scenario integration”
fundamentally addresses the long-standing industry pain points of data silos and
fragmented application scenarios in medical AI. It lays a solid scenario foundation for
the closed-loop ecosystem, while continuously expanding scenario coverage boundaries
and data production scale through innovative models such as “multi-site license” and
“regional collaborative imaging centers”.

At the data level, leveraging the nationwide imaging center network’s scaled operations,
the Group generates and accumulates approximately 20,000 standardized multimodal
imaging data cases per day, building one of the largest structured imaging databases
among single-institution systems in China. With professional capabilities in data
cleansing, structured annotation and de-identification, as well as a comprehensive data
compliance governance system, the Group has completed standardized processing
of multiple datasets. Among them, datasets such as “CT Chest Lesion Annotation
Data” have been successfully listed on the Shanghai and Beijing International Big Data
Exchanges and achieved commercial monetization, while some datasets were selected
as part of Beijing’s first batch of “high-quality industry datasets” and obtained “Data
Resource Registration Certificates” and other compliance certifications. Compared
with open-source data, strictly quality-controlled disease-specific datasets offer higher
annotation accuracy and clinical consistency, effectively overcoming the generalization
bottleneck of traditional AI models caused by noisy data, providing high-quality “fuel” for
algorithm model training, and driving the deep transformation of data resources into data
assets.



                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            At the AI model level, Medical Image Insights independently developed the world’s first
            multimodal, full-process foundational medical imaging model, “Yinghe Miya”, establishing
            a complete “intelligent manufacturing factory” for medical imaging AI. This has propelled
            the medical imaging AI industry from the “1.0 era” of single-disease models into the
            “2.0 era” of foundational models. The model has already completed algorithm filing,
            significantly reducing AI tool development costs and lowering requirements for data and
            computing power. At the same time, under the training of the foundation model, chest CT
            auxiliary diagnosis and cranial CT auxiliary diagnosis intelligent agents (Scan to Report
            AIR) were successfully launched. This marks that AI capabilities have progressed from
            the basic functions of the foundation model to the successful training and production of
            pathway-level AI auxiliary diagnostic agents. Medical Image Insights ranked among the
            top performers in two core tasks at the MICCAI 2025 international competition, earning
            both domestic and international recognition for its technical strength and providing solid
            support for algorithm iteration and industry application.

            At the application level, the Group’s proprietary imaging center network, medical
            institutions covered by imaging solution services, and diverse clients empowered by
            digital-intelligent services together constitute the core application scenarios for AI
            products. The application of medical imaging AI in diagnostic workflows can significantly
            enhance diagnostic capabilities and efficiency of medical institutions while reducing
            cost inputs for basic imaging physicians. Data generated from real scenarios, processed
            through the professional governance workflows of digital-intelligent services, feeds
            back into model iteration. The foundational model continuously optimizes algorithm
            accuracy through adaptive learning mechanisms, further upgrading application products
            such as auxiliary diagnostic tools and intelligent quality-control modules. This creates
            an enhanced closed loop of “data feeding algorithms – algorithms optimizing services
            – services generating new data”, enabling continuous iterative upgrading of ecosystem
            value.




30   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


The following diagram illustrates the ecological closed-loop of medical imaging AI
industry application centered around scenario, data and AI:

                                                               'IUSVRKZKIRUYKJRUUVLXUS
                                                               JGZGZUGRMUXOZNSYZUGVVROIGZOUT
                                                               YIKTGXOUYGTJHGIQZUJGZG




                                                           35*+29'4*
                                                           '2-58/:.39


                     9+2,5=4+**':'




8KGR]UXRJ[YGMKOTGVVROIGZOUT
YIKTGXOUYIUTZOT[U[YR_MKTKXGZOTM
L[XZNKXJGZGGTJUVZOSO`OTMGRMUXOZNSY   '662/)':/54
                                          9)+4'8/5



Other Business Highlights

Overseas Business Division

In response to the domestic medical industry’s market demand showing signs of a
cyclical slowdown, we continued to advance strategic transformation by positioning
overseas markets as a core strategic fulcrum to break through industry cycles and
achieve sustainable growth, firmly accelerating our global expansion. Leveraging the
Group’s comprehensive full-industry-chain empowerment capabilities, standardized
operational system, cost-effective product services and technological advantages
accumulated domestically, our overseas business achieved leapfrog development, with
annual revenue reaching RMB23.14 million. This marked a critical transition from initial
breakthroughs to scaled, high-quality development. We established diversified and
multi-level layouts in key markets such as East Asia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East
and Africa, with significant core business achievements laying a solid foundation for
subsequent explosive growth of overseas operations.




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            In 2025, we achieved a major breakthrough in comprehensive empowerment solutions
            in the African market. The Malawi project, as the Group’s first overseas full-chain
            comprehensive empowerment solution project, was successfully delivered. It not only
            completed the first one-stop equipment supply and supporting empowerment delivery
            for an imaging center on the African continent – covering equipment supply, installation
            and commissioning, and early-stage operational empowerment across all phases – but
            also successfully secured the first overseas client for the English version of the PACS+AI
            system. This fully realized integrated empowerment across the entire process, including
            remote image reading, remote scanning, technician deployment, physician training
            and consumables supply, effectively enhancing local oncology imaging diagnostic
            capabilities. The successful delivery of this project signifies the Group’s successful
            replication and export of its mature full-chain comprehensive empowerment capabilities
            to overseas markets, breaking the limitations of single-product output and achieving
            the overseas implementation of core competitiveness. It also set a benchmark for the
            Group’s deep expansion in the African market, positioning Africa as an important growth
            pole for overseas business. Meanwhile, the one-stop equipment supply and supporting
            empowerment delivery further consolidated the Group’s layout advantages in the African
            market and continuously expanded brand influence.

            At the strategic cooperation level, the Group adheres to the principle of “local
            collaboration and complementary advantages”, actively seeking high-quality local
            partners in key overseas markets. By leveraging partners’ local channel resources,
            market insights, and brand influence, combined with the Group’s full-industry-chain
            empowerment capabilities, we have built localized cooperation models to efficiently
            advance regional market expansion. Our collaboration with EC Healthcare (醫思健康)
            (stock code: 2138), a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, is a typical
            practice of this model. Together, we deepened collaboration and jointly established
            Rimag-EC Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (一脈醫思醫療科技有限公司), integrating
            upstream supplier resources and optimizing cooperative synergy to provide full-cycle
            operational management and clinical efficiency solutions for EC Healthcare’s medical
            institutions. This not only capitalized on EC Healthcare’s local channel advantages to
            solidify and deepen the Hong Kong and Macau markets, driving the penetration of the
            Group’s core products, services, and standardized operational system, and achieving
            precise output of core competitiveness, but also used Hong Kong and Macau as a
            strategic fulcrum to radiate and drive business expansion in surrounding regions. Looking
            ahead, the Group will continue to replicate this localized cooperation model, consistently
            identifying and partnering with high-quality local partners in key overseas markets.
            Through diversified collaborative approaches, we will accelerate the deep cultivation and
            expansion of regional markets.




32   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


In terms of market expansion, the Group has firmly intensified its overseas layout,
successfully initiating its presence in the Turkish market by signing the equity acquisition
of Ledmar Imaging Diagnostics and Healthcare Services Co., Ltd. (“Ledmar”). The target
company operates the imaging devices for 4 hospitals, possessing a stable business
foundation and complete market qualifications. This acquisition represents the Group’s
strategic positioning in the Central and Eastern Europe and West Asia markets, serving
as an important initiative to expand overseas markets through mergers and acquisitions
and to export domestic operational management capabilities.

At the same time, the Group actively promoted the overseas export of its core
capabilities, achieving a breakthrough in overseas asset-light services and gradually
moving toward scaled implementation. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed
optimization and iteration of core service products such as standardized remote
technician operations and remote image reading, successfully opening the technical
channel for remote operations in overseas business. This enabled the comprehensive
replication and export of the mature asset-light service model accumulated domestically
to overseas markets, while continuously iterating and optimizing the overseas service
system and enhancing delivery capabilities, thereby further consolidating the solid
foundation for the overseas export of core competitiveness. This asset-light service
solution effectively alleviates the dual industry pain points faced by overseas partner
institutions – shortages of medical manpower and high operating costs. With its
cost-effectiveness, rapid deployment capability and standardized service level, it has
gained wide recognition from overseas clients. It not only enriched the overseas business
service matrix but also achieved scaled overseas export of the Group’s core service
capabilities, becoming a new growth highlight of overseas business.

Looking ahead, the Group will, with firm strategic determination, deeply cultivate
overseas markets, clearly positioning overseas markets as a key engine of business
growth and a core contributing region. We will continue to increase resource investment,
deepen layouts in key regions, and firmly promote the comprehensive export of the
Group’s full-industry-chain empowerment capabilities, asset-light service model,
standardized operational system, core technological advantages, and brand influence
to overseas markets. The Group will adhere to the core strategy of “leveraging the
ultimate cost-effectiveness of China’s manufacturing industry and service-first moderate
investment”, focusing on solidifying and deepening the Hong Kong and Macau markets,
and accelerating breakthroughs in Africa and Central and Eastern Europe. We will
continuously improve our global business layout, comprehensively enhance international
market competitiveness, and fully drive overseas business toward high-quality, scaled
growth. Step by step, we will realize the development vision of “focusing on global
resources, making health boundless”, providing solid support for the Group to build a
diversified revenue structure, smooth industry cycle fluctuations, and achieve long-term
sustainable development.



                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Individual Empowerment Products

            In 2025, closely aligning with the overall strategic upgrade direction, the Group continued
            to deepen its asset-light expansion strategy, positioning individual empowerment
            products as an important vehicle for external empowerment across the three core
            business segments. At the same time, they play a key role in flexibly reaching the
            market, efficiently covering customers, and reserving opportunities for large-scale project
            cooperation, thereby successfully completing the standardized upgrade of the product
            systems of imaging center services, imaging solution services, and digital-intelligent
            services. Guided by the core logic of “modular output + ecosystem expansion”,
            the Group deeply integrated the core capabilities of the three business segments,
            decomposing, refining, and standardizing them into more than 30 lightweight modular
            products that can be independently deployed and freely combined. This created a
            flexible service model of “standardized output + customized combination”, achieving
            integrated asset-light output of the three business segments’ capabilities. This not only
            effectively improved market response efficiency and lowered customer cooperation
            thresholds, but also enabled various medical institutions to conveniently access the
            Group’s full-industry-chain core service support without separately interfacing with each
            business segment, fully demonstrating the Group’s business synergy advantages.

            Leveraging the asset-light and highly flexible product characteristics, together with
            the core advantages of integrated empowerment across the three business segments,
            individual empowerment products achieved broad customer coverage and rapid
            penetration. In 2025, they successfully covered 813 clients, becoming an effective tool
            for extending market reach and uncovering potential cooperation needs. They also
            served as an important window for the external demonstration and collaborative output
            of the three business segments, laying the foundation and reserving resources for the
            incubation and implementation of subsequent large-scale projects. As a connecting
            link between the Group’s asset-light strategy and the upgrade of digital-intelligent
            services, this product system, through modular integrated empowerment, not only
            provided fundamental support for scenario linkage, data accumulation, and ecosystem
            improvement across business segments, but also externally conveyed the Group’s core
            competitiveness in full-industry-chain collaborative services, driving the transformation
            of the three business segments from independent operations to integrated external
            empowerment.




34   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


The establishment and implementation of the individual empowerment product system
has further enriched the Group’s asset-light service matrix, strengthened the synergistic
integration of the three core business segments, and built a more flexible pathway for
market expansion. It has formed a virtuous mechanism of reaching customers through
lightweight products, serving customers through integrated capabilities, and feeding
back real needs into product iteration and business collaboration. Its core value lies in
achieving the asset-light and integrated external output of the three business segments’
capabilities, reserving ample space for subsequent market scale expansion, project
incubation, and the enhancement of the Group’s overall collaborative competitiveness.
This strongly supports the implementation of the Group’s asset-light strategy, the
upgrade of digital-intelligent services, and the high-quality and sustainable development
of the overall business.


                                           Remote Diagnosis/Consultation Service for Radiology Departments                                                                                     Single Repair, Single Maintenance, Labor and
                                                                                                                                                                                               Technical Warranty, Gold Warranty,
                                                    Nuclear Medicine Remote Diagnosis Services                                                                                                 Platinum Warranty, Worry-free Relocation
                                                                                                                                                       Repair and
                            Provincial and National Expert Remote Consulting Services                                                                  Maintenance                                      Report on Current Status of Hospital
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Construction Management Capabilities
         Diagnostic Services are Limited                                  Platform                                                                                                                      and Suggestions for Improvement
               to Doctors in the Centers                                Cooperation                Medical Imaging             Medical Equipment                   Consulting                              Overall Assessment Report on
                                                                                                    Empowerment                    Full Life                                                               Current Status of Imaging Centers
                                                                                                                                                                   Services
                                                                  Cloud Films                         Services                   Cycle Service                       Design Consulting                       Computer Room or Functional Area
                                                                                                                                                                     Services                                Assessment Report
                                               Refined Management System                                                                                               Construction Consulting
                                                                                                                                                                       Services                                New Built Imaging Center Plan
                                                   Quality Control System                Information and                                                                 Certificate Consulting                Report (With Drawings)

                                                  AI Integrated Platform
                                                                                            Intelligent
                                                                                             Solutions           Individual                 Medical Construction
                                                                                                                                                                         Services                               Construction Drawing Design
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Optimization Report and Construction
                                                ISPACS System Platform
                                                       Medical Imaging
                                                                                                                Empowerment                 Professional Service
                                                                                                                                             Integrated Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Budget Report (Including Bidding List)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Construction Supervision Report
                                                   Data Assetization and
                                                    Application Platform
                                                                                       Integrated Quality
                                                                                      Control Management
                                                                                                                  Products                                                                                      (Weekly or Monthly)
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Completion Acceptance Report
  Imaging Academy Leadership Program              Regional Interconnectivity                Solution
                                                   and Mutual Recognition                                                                                                                                      Final Accounts Report
  Comprehensive Technical Empowerment                              Platform                                                                                                                                  Post-Operation Construction Quality
   Special Technology and Disease-Specific              Remote Consultation                                                                                                                                  Inspection Report
                                                                      System                           Empowering              Imaging Peripheral                Consumables
                                  Courses
                                                                                                      Medical Imaging            Product Supply                  Sales                                  Decoration, Shielding and Protection
     Stationed by Technicians from Imaging
                        Technology Centers                                RMBA                            Talents                Chain Services               Ancillary                                 Engineering Design Services
       Remote Hosting of Imaging Technology                       Leadership Class                                                                            Equipment                               Structural, Fire Protection and Intelligent
                            Center Equipment                                                                                                                                                          System Design Services
                                                               Comprehensive Technical
    New Imaging Technology Application Training                                                                                                                                                    Commissioned Construction Services and
                                                                       Empowerment
                                Product Solutions                                                                                                                                                  Construction Leasing Services
                     Rimag Online Learning Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                              Agency Services for Construction-related Certificates
                                 Data Annotation Project

                             MRI DTI Post-Processing Project                                                                                                                          Films, Disposable High-pressure Angiography Injector,
                                                                                                                                                                                      Disposable Closed Intravenous Catheter

                                                                                                                                                                              Magnetic Resonance Coil




Talent Development Program

We have always adhered to the core development philosophy that “talent is the primary
resource”, positioning talent cultivation and organizational capability building as the
cornerstone for supporting the Group’s strategic upgrade and achieving high-quality
sustainable development. We place great emphasis on the training and development
of medical professionals as well as talents in comprehensive management, operations,
and technology. The systematic construction of our talent team not only provides
solid human resource support for the Group’s asset-light strategic initiatives such
as the upgrade of digital-intelligent services, overseas market expansion and the
implementation of individual empowerment products, but also lays a strong foundation
for the professionalization, standardization, and scaled development of the Group’s core
medical imaging business. It is a key safeguard for building core competitiveness and
leading industry development.

                                                                                                                        Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                                                                         35
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            In 2025, the Group, guided by the core principles of “strategy-driven, tiered succession,
            and long-term incentives”, established a comprehensive talent cultivation and incentive
            system. We simultaneously advanced the construction of a comprehensive talent pipeline
            and the capability enhancement of medical professionals, achieving deep integration and
            resonance between talent development and the Group’s strategic goals.

            In 2025, for the construction of medical talent teams, the Group positioned integrated
            physician development as the core strategic initiative for high-quality medical
            talent advancement. With unified management, systematic training and continuous
            development as the main threads, the Group focused on building a high-level imaging
            physician team centered on subspecialties, characterized by outstanding capabilities
            and flexible deployment. Through systematic construction, a professional medical talent
            team was established, while simultaneously driving the Group’s imaging diagnostic
            services toward standardization, specialization and scale-up. This achieved mutual
            empowerment and synchronized progress between medical talent team building and the
            Group’s overall development. During the same period, the Group continued to expand
            the scale of its Expert Committee, gathering top authoritative experts in the industry.
            The Expert Committee, as the academic leader of the Group’s medical talent system,
            comprehensively spearheaded subspecialty planning, technology R&D and standards
            development, while also serving as the main force in exporting academic construction
            capabilities externally and empowering partner medical institutions in upgrading their
            disciplines. Integrated physician development has established a systematic, full-cycle
            career development platform for imaging physicians, forming a complete support
            system from professional training to value-based incentives. This has achieved dual
            enhancement of both professional competence and cohesion within the medical talent
            team.

            The Group has established a unified training pathway and a clear promotion mechanism
            for physicians, expanding opportunities for professional advancement through practices
            such as cross-institutional engagement and academic exchanges. This enables
            physicians to deepen their expertise in subspecialty fields while achieving simultaneous
            growth in personal value and industry influence. At the same time, the Group has
            built a multidimensional incentive mechanism integrating performance, quality control,
            training, and research, closely linking work achievements with career development. This
            effectively stimulates physicians’ enthusiasm, strengthens team cohesion, and fosters
            a development dynamic characterized by complementary capabilities and efficient
            collaboration, gradually cultivating a high-quality imaging physician team with distinctive
            subspecialty expertise.




36   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


The deep implementation of integrated physician development has also brought
comprehensive core value to the Group’s high-quality development, significantly
enhancing the Group’s core competitiveness and industry influence. Through models
such as expert deployment, centralized diagnosis, and remote consultation, the
Group has achieved collaborative sharing of premium medical resources, greatly
improving overall service capacity and coverage. By focusing on subspecialty and
disease-specific development, the Group has formed core technological advantages,
established a standardized quality control system to set industry benchmarks, and
enhanced diagnostic efficiency and accuracy through informatization and intelligent
applications. Furthermore, by flexibly allocating physician resources, the Group has
achieved service homogenization, improved overall operational efficiency, and further
strengthened its social influence and brand reputation in the imaging specialty field.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to refine its integrated physician management
mechanism, intensify the cultivation of young physicians, and build a strong foundation
for long-term development with a high-quality medical talent team, ensuring that talent
growth continuously empowers the Group’s imaging medicine expertise and overall
development.

In 2025, the Group continued to deepen efforts in enhancing medical imaging expertise
and talent cultivation, advancing solidly across four dimensions: internal professional
training, specialized technology innovation, clinical discipline collaboration, and university
talent cooperation. Each initiative delivered tangible results, with the core achievements
as follows:

A.    Systematically carried out internal professional training courses in medical
      imaging to strengthen the foundation of professional talent capabilities. The Group
      has cumulatively conducted 325 fixed professional training sessions, covering
      radiology, ultrasound, nuclear medicine nursing, and discipline applications,
      enabling imaging centers to consolidate their professional skills independently.
      Beyond fixed courses, the Group’s Imaging Academy coordinated a total of
      46 interest-based programs across three key dimensions to precisely address
      capability enhancement needs across different positions, including: conducting
      subspecialty discipline training sessions, inviting top industry experts to deliver
      specialized lectures, helping physicians, technicians, and nursing staff broaden
      professional knowledge and improve expertise; conducting imaging technology
      application training sessions, providing one-on-one guidance to frontline medical
      teams and imaging technicians, precisely enhancing their practical imaging skills;
      conducting medical imaging leadership training program, focusing on management-
      oriented specialized training to cultivate imaging center leaders, shaping versatile
      directors with both professional and managerial strengths.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            B.     The Group has developed disease-specific imaging examinations and distinctive
                   imaging technologies carrying the Rimag brand imprint, forming an innovative
                   pathway of specialized operations and creating high-value revenue. Through
                   early exploration and trials, the Group launched the first batch of disease-specific
                   imaging examinations, including scoliosis, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular
                   diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, rectal cancer precision staging, and atherosclerotic
                   plaque screening (high-resolution vascular wall imaging). At the same time, the
                   Group successfully joined the “China AD Pre-clinical Alliance”, achieving a resource
                   cycle that links authoritative medical organizations inside and outside the Group’s
                   system with its imaging centers in the field of geriatric clinical medical research. In
                   parallel, the Group introduced multiple distinctive imaging technologies, including
                   temporomandibular joint MR examination, breast MR plain scan plus dynamic
                   contrast-enhanced scan, musculoskeletal ultrasound, cranial nerve MR scan, and
                   gastric and small intestine CT examination, enriching the Group’s professional
                   service matrix.

            C.     Deepening academic exchanges and collaboration between imaging and clinical
                   disciplines, empowering clinical diagnosis and treatment with professional imaging.
                   Imaging centers have continued to carry out regular interactions with clinical
                   departments, sharing new imaging technologies and examination methods, and
                   have cumulatively organized 598 clinical academic exchange activities. With
                   high-quality imaging diagnosis as the core foundation, the Group has supported
                   partner hospitals in establishing specialty outpatient clinics such as brain health,
                   pulmonary nodules, and carotid plaque, thereby promoting the development of
                   key clinical specialties and jointly enhancing the overall diagnostic technology and
                   discipline development level of partner hospitals.

            D.     Focusing on the construction of professional talent pipelines, strengthening the
                   cultivation of new forces and the reserve of professional talent. Led by the Group’s
                   Imaging Academy, in-depth cooperation with medical universities has been
                   advanced, with 7 institutions already engaged in multi-dimensional collaboration
                   covering the entire talent training chain, including internships, practical training,
                   and targeted employment cultivation. The parties have jointly built training bases,
                   while the Group has also collaborated with university expert teams on research
                   directions in artificial intelligence, establishing a school-enterprise cooperation
                   system of “talent cultivation – research collaboration”, continuously injecting fresh
                   talent into the Group’s medical imaging professional team.




38   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Leadership Talent Reserve. To ensure the continuity of the management pipeline and
enhance organizational vitality, the Group focused on cultivating mid – to senior-level
management talent by implementing the Young Cadre Program training system,
dedicated to forging a strategic backbone management team with both strategic
leadership and practical execution capabilities. The Group designed a modular training
system integrating “professional depth + practical refinement + soft skills development”.
In 2025, sessions of specialized training were conducted, covering more than 30
core management courses such as strategic planning, digital transformation, team
empowerment, and change leadership. At the same time, an executive mentorship
system was introduced, enabling the intergenerational transmission of the Group’s core
management wisdom and practical experience. The Young Cadre Program established
a closed-loop empowerment mechanism through the collaboration of mid – and
senior-level mentors, business instructors, and HR coaches. With tiered and categorized
training paths, the program comprehensively enhanced participants’ competencies
in strategic decision-making, team leadership and innovative practice. It has already
reserved a pool of high-quality backup talent for key management positions across the
Group’s business segments, providing long-term support for organizational development.

Youth Talent Incubation. With the goal of supporting the Group’s long-term strategic
development, the Group established a strategic management trainee program, creating
a core platform for youth talent incubation. The program features a two-year systematic
training cycle, with cross-functional rotations every six months, enabling trainees to
deeply participate in the Group’s business operations and functional management
processes, gain a comprehensive understanding of the Group’s business layout and
management system, and accumulate multidimensional practical experience. The
program innovatively adopted a dual-track mentorship mechanism, pairing trainees
with both business mentors and growth mentors to provide professional guidance and
career development planning support. In addition, quarterly assessments and a dynamic
early-warning management system were implemented to track training progress and
evaluate effectiveness in real time, continuously improving talent development quality
and organizational fit. Upon completion of the training cycle, management trainees will
be assigned to designated positions based on their overall performance, supplying
high-quality young talent to the Group’s business segments.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   39
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Value-Sharing Mechanism. To promote the deep participation of core talent in the
            Group’s value creation and sharing, the Group officially launched the “Growth Together
            Program” on the basis of its existing incentive mechanisms, building a multidimensional
            incentive system that combines performance linkage, special incentives, and long-term
            equity. This program closely binds the personal benefits of core talent with the Group’s
            operational development, strengthening value synergy and interest alignment between
            talent and the organization. It provides immediate value returns to core talent through
            performance and special incentives, while long-term equity incentives stimulate sustained
            motivation, effectively activating organizational endogenous momentum and continuous
            innovation vitality. This fosters a virtuous ecosystem in which talent growth and Group
            development mutually reinforce and achieve success together.


     II.    FINANCIAL REVIEW

            Overview

            The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the
            financial information and the notes included elsewhere in this annual report.

            For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s overall business has developed
            stably, recording revenue of approximately RMB873.1 million.

            Revenue

            For the year ended December 31, 2025, we primarily generated revenue from three
            business lines, namely: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services; and (iii)
            digital-intelligent services. The following table sets forth the revenue breakdown for the
            periods indicated:




40   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                             December 31,
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

                                             Satisfaction of
                                             performance obligation
Imaging center services                      Point in time                  442,915        465,723
Imaging center services                      Overtime                       110,866        139,251

                                                                            553,781        604,974

Imaging solution services
－ Imaging equipment solutions                Point in time                  247,116        133,737
－ Imaging capability enhancement services    Overtime                        42,174         16,624
－ Remote diagnosis                           Point in time                    3,269            498

                                                                            292,559        150,859

Digital-intelligent services
－ Data related services                      Point in time                   20,764               –
－ Digital-intelligent platform services      Overtime                         4,924           4,013
－ AI diagnosis services                      Point in time                    1,092             745

                                                                             26,780           4,758

                                                                            873,120        760,591


                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

– Chinese Mainland                                                      849,980           751,102
– Overseas (including Hong Kong and Macau)                               23,140             9,489

                                                                        873,120           760,591


For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately
RMB873.1 million, representing an increase of 14.8% compared with approximately
RMB760.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   41
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            During the year, the Group’s overall revenue growth was primarily driven by seizing the
            opportunities of the industry’s digital-intelligent transformation, advancing strategic
            upgrades across its three major business segments, and focusing on building a digital-
            intelligent medical imaging ecosystem, which enhanced our revenue. (a) By focusing on
            core capabilities, the Group continuously enriched its empowering product modules and
            strengthened product diversification. At the same time, it deepened market promotion
            and channel deployment, further expanding brand coverage. Leveraging comprehensive
            empowerment advantages, the Company added 842 new solution service clients in 2025,
            significantly increasing client coverage and stickiness, which strongly drove a substantial
            rise in empowerment service revenue. (b) Relying on the massive standardized, high-
            quality medical imaging data accumulated through its extensive offline imaging center
            network, the Group took the lead in opening up the full data chain of “production –
            governance – compliance – transaction”. This effectively activated data potential,
            achieving efficient transformation of data into value and revenue, injecting strong
            momentum into revenue growth.

            Cost of Sales

            For the year ended December 31, 2025, our cost of sales primarily consisted of trading
            medical equipment, employee benefit expenses and depreciation of property, plant
            and equipment. The Group’s cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2025 was
            approximately RMB577.9 million, representing an increase of 19.6% as compared to
            approximately RMB483.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase
            in cost of sales was mainly attributable to the growth in business volume of imaging
            solution services.

            Gross Profit and Gross Margin

            Gross profit represents our revenue less our cost of sales. As a result of the
            aforementioned factors, the gross profit of the Group increased by 6.5% from
            approximately RMB277.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to approximately
            RMB295.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The increase of gross profit
            was mainly due to the release of high-margin contributions from the Group’s data AI
            commercialization as well as the enhancement of operational efficiency through refined
            internal management.




42   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Gross margin represents our gross profit as a percentage of our revenue. The gross
margin of the Group decreased from 36.5% for the year ended December 31, 2024
to 33.8% for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to the increase in the
proportion of solution service revenue in total revenue, which led to a lower overall gross
profit margin. Although the gross profit margin recorded a slight decline, the Company is
currently at a critical stage of revenue structure optimization and business transformation
and upgrade. The fluctuations in gross profit margin reflected the phased investments
arising from the Company’s focus on scale expansion, market development and strategic
deployment, which are consistent with industry development trends and the Company’s
growth trajectory. Overall, the operating performance remained stable and positive.

Selling Expenses

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our selling expenses primarily consisted of
employee benefit expenses and marketing fees. The Group’s selling expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately RMB63.0 million, representing a
decrease of 5.1% as compared to approximately RMB66.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024. Selling expenses decreased mainly as a result of the Group’s
proactive optimization of resource allocation and adjustment of marketing strategies to
focus on core customers and high-value projects, while enhancing the productivity of the
sales team through an asset-light model and digital tools.

Administrative Expenses

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our administrative expenses primarily
consisted of employee benefit expenses, listing expenses, depreciation of right-of-use
assets, traveling expenses, office expenses and entertainment fees. The Group’s
administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately
RMB172.6 million, representing a decrease of 22.8% as compared to approximately
RMB223.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease in administrative
expenses was mainly due to the Group’s refined control over its cost structure.

Research and Development Expenses

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our research and development expenses
primarily consisted of employee benefit expenses, depreciation and amortization, and
traveling expenses. The Group’s R&D expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025
was approximately RMB15.7 million, representing an increase of 36.5% as compared to
approximately RMB11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in
research and development expenses was mainly due to the Group’s greater investment
in the ‘Data + AI’ domain, while continuously deepening the standardization governance
and commercialization development of imaging data.



                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   43
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Finance Income and Costs

            During the year ended December 31, 2025, our finance income represents interest
            income on bank deposits. Finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on
            bank borrowings; (ii) finance expenses on lease liabilities; and (iii) interest expenses on
            other borrowings. The following table sets forth a breakdown of our finance income and
            costs for the periods indicated:

                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

            Finance income:
            – Interest income from bank deposits                              7,279             4,052

            Finance costs:
            – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                          (10,402)            (6,426)
            – Interest expenses on other borrowings                         (13,800)          (11,180)
            – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                           (4,922)           (7,855)

                                                                            (29,124)          (25,461)
            Amount capitalized                                                  460               189

            Total finance costs                                             (28,664)          (25,272)

            Finance costs – net                                             (21,385)          (21,220)


            Our net finance costs for the year ended December 31, 2025 were approximately
            RMB21.4 million, representing an increase of 0.9% as compared to approximately
            RMB21.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Net finance costs remained
            relatively stable and were basically consistent with those of the previous year.

            Income Tax Expense

            During the year ended December 31, 2025, our income tax expense was RMB6.3
            million. Our income tax expense in respect of our operations in the PRC was subject to
            the statutory tax rate of 25% or preferential tax rate on the assessable profits for the
            year ended December 31, 2025, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and
            practices in respect thereof.




44   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Loss for the Year

As a result of the foregoing, we recorded a loss for the year ended December 31, 2025
of approximately RMB10.5 million, as compared with a loss for the year ended December
31, 2024 of approximately RMB58.9 million. The change in loss was mainly attributable
to: (i) the Company’s significant reduction in operating costs and improvement in
profitability through optimization of resource allocation and refined management; and
(ii) the growth of digital-intelligent revenue, particularly the commercialization of data
services, which opened up new sources of high-margin revenue.

Non-IFRS Measures

                                                  For the year ended
                                                    December 31,
                                                    2025              2024 Year-on-year
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000      change

Non-IFRS Measures:
EBITDA                                             216,223           165,247            30.8%


To supplement our consolidated statement of profit which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, we also use EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), which is not required by, or
presented in accordance with, IFRS.

We believe that these measures provide useful information to investors and others in
understanding and evaluating our consolidated income statement in the same manner as
they help our management. However, our presentation of EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)
may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical tool and, as such,
they should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis of, our
consolidated statements of comprehensive income or financial condition as reported
under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS measures may be defined differently from similar
terms used by other companies.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   45
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            The following table reconciles our EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) and our loss before
            income tax for the periods indicated:

                                                                   For the year ended
                                                                     December 31,
                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

            Loss before income tax                                  (4,175)        (51,331)
            Add: Finance costs                                      28,664          25,272
            Add: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment     160,049         154,171
            Add: Depreciation of right-of-use assets                30,041          37,308
            Add: Amortization of intangible assets                   8,923            3,879
            Less: Finance income                                    (7,279)          (4,052)
            EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                              216,223         165,247




46   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


Capital Management

We monitor capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing the capital
structure. Our objectives when managing capital are to safeguard our ability to continue
as a going concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the costs of capital.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

During the year ended December 31, 2025, we funded our working capital primarily
from net cash generated from operating activities, bank borrowings, finance leases
and equity financing. Our net cash generated from operating activities mainly consists
of profit before income tax adjusted for (i) non-cash items, such as net finance costs,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment and depreciation of right-of-use assets;
(ii) the effects of changes in working capital, such as contract liabilities, trade payables,
other payables and accruals, trade receivables and other receivables and prepayments;
and (iii) the effects of interest received and income tax paid.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   47
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            We had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB262.4 million and RMB624.0
            million as at December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The increase in cash and cash
            equivalents primarily reflected a significant improvement in collection, an increase in
            net operating cash inflows, as well as proceeds from two placements of new H Shares
            during the Reporting Period.

            We recorded net cash generated from operating activities of approximately RMB12.7
            million and RMB177.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2025,
            respectively. The increase was primarily due to the Group’s strengthened management
            of accounts receivable and optimization of cash flow.

            Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

            As at December 31, 2025, the aggregate balance of our borrowings was approximately
            RMB523.5 million (approximately RMB433.2 million as at December 31, 2024), which
            were all denominated in RMB, and of which approximately RMB464.2 million was at fixed
            interest rates. As at December 31, 2025, all of our borrowings had been fully drawdown,
            and there was no unutilized loan facilities from banks or financial leasing companies.

            The gearing ratio (calculated based on total borrowings divided by total equity and
            multiplied by 100%) of the Group as at December 31, 2025 was 26.1%, representing
            an decrease of 3.1 percentage points as compared to 29.2% as at December 31, 2024,
            mainly attributable to further optimization of the gearing ratio.

            Net Current Assets

            Our net current assets as at December 31, 2025 were approximately RMB866.1 million,
            representing an increase of 74.6% as compared to approximately RMB496.0 million as
            at December 31, 2024. The increase in net current assets was mainly attributable to
            the additional liquidity arising from two placings of new H Shares during the Reporting
            Period.

            Currency Risk

            We are engaged in the provision of medical imaging services through the establishment
            of medical imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging
            solution services and digital-intelligent services in the PRC with almost all the
            transactions denominated and settled in RMB, which is the functional currency of the
            Group companies. Therefore, our foreign exchange risk is limited. We currently do not
            have a foreign currency hedging policy, and manage the foreign currency risk by closely
            monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates. As at December 31, 2025, we
            had no material foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Therefore, we did
            not have any significant foreign exchange risk.


48   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals/Future Plans in
Relation to Significant Investments or Capital Assets

As at December 31, 2025, we did not have any significant investments, material
acquisitions and disposals or any future plans in relation to significant investments or
capital assets. Each of the investments held by us as a percentage of the Group’s total
assets as at December 31, 2025 did not amount to 5% or more.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

Save as disclosed in the annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2025, we
did not have material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.

Capital Expenditure

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our total capital expenditure amounted
to approximately RMB119.7 million, which was incurred mainly for the purchase of
equipment and intangible assets (such as software).

Pledge of Assets

As at December 31, 2025, we had pledged machineries, cash at banks, trade receivable
and equity of our subsidiaries in aggregate of approximately RMB300.3 million.

Contingent Liabilities

As at December 31, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantee,
legal, arbitration or administrative proceedings that were expected to materially and
adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 845 employees across all companies
under its operation, including 561 medical professionals (including full-time employees
and part-time medical professionals). During the year ended December 31, 2025, our
employee benefit expenses amounted to approximately RMB203.2 million (year ended
December 31, 2024: approximately RMB220.6 million).




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   49
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            We are committed to establishing competitive and fair remuneration. In order to
            effectively motivate our employees, we continually refine our remuneration and incentive
            policies through market research. We conduct performance evaluation of our employees
            semiannually to provide feedback on their performance. Compensation for our employees
            typically consists of basic salary and a performance-based bonus. We provide social
            insurance plans and housing provident funds in accordance with applicable PRC laws
            and regulations to our employees. We pay great attention to our employees’ welfare, and
            continually improve our welfare system. We offer employees additional benefits such as
            annual leave, stipend, supplementary medical insurance, annuity, health examinations
            and medical insurance for family members, among others.


     III.   FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGIES

            We aspire to become the core architect in the global digital-intelligent medical imaging
            services sector, building an ecosystem characterized by “scenario deep coverage +
            data asset accumulation + AI capability output”. By continuously strengthening the
            closed-loop synergy of “scenario-data-AI”, we will deepen the global replication of the
            asset-light model, accelerate the value realization of data elements, and drive the clinical
            penetration of AI technologies. This will lead the third-party medical imaging industry
            in its transformation from “traditional service provision” to “digital-intelligent value
            creation”, consolidating our leadership position and injecting core momentum into the
            efficient, precise and inclusive development of the global healthcare industry. To achieve
            this goal, we plan to implement the following strategies:

            1.     Deepening Full-Scope Scenario Coverage to Build a New Digital-Intelligent
                   Imaging Service Ecosystem

                   Guided by the principle of “scenario-centric”, we will steadfastly expand the
                   comprehensive layout of imaging centers. Leveraging our nationwide physical
                   imaging center network and initial overseas presence, we will further broaden and
                   deepen service scenarios, forming a full-scope service matrix of “physical outlets
                   + mobile services + digital-intelligent platforms”. This will provide a solid physical
                   foundation and business bedrock for data accumulation and AI application.

                   (1)    Strengthening the medical consortium service network across Chinese
                          cities, counties and townships. We will continue to deepen the multi-level
                          domestic imaging center layout, adopting a tiered system of “regional
                          collaborative centers as hubs, flagship centers as benchmarks, and specialty
                          and operational management centers as extensions”. This will drive medical
                          resources downward to grassroots levels while innovating service formats to
                          achieve full-scope scenario coverage and standardized service capabilities.




50   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                            Management Discussion and Analysis


In parallel with expanding imaging center layouts, we will position regional
collaborative imaging centers as foundational facilities for grassroots
digital-intelligent imaging services, focusing on regions with weaker
medical resources. In mature regions such as Jiangxi, Hunan and Shaanxi,
we will further extend the service radius from counties to township-level
hospitals and community clinics, building on our “multi-site license”
operational experience. Each regional collaborative center will aim to cover
5-8 counties and townships, extending reach into remote areas. To address
grassroots pain points of “idle equipment and insufficient capabilities”,
we will integrate the “digital-intelligent basic service package” from our
imaging solutions, enabling grassroots medical institutions to quickly acquire
standardized and intelligent imaging examination capabilities. At the same
time, leveraging the digital-intelligent platform, we will achieve real-time
uploading of imaging data within regions, centralized cloud-based diagnosis
and AI-assisted analysis. By linking flagship centers’ expert resources, we
will shorten diagnostic cycles for complex cases at the grassroots level,
forming a closed-loop service of “examination-diagnosis-follow-up”. We
will reposition flagship imaging centers from traditional “high-end
examination centers” into “digital-intelligent medical service hubs”.
Through collaborations with internet medical platforms such as JD Health
(京東健康) and top tertiary hospitals such as West China Hospital (華西醫
院), we will establish a full-process closed loop of “online order – offline
examination – data return – AI-assisted diagnosis – report feedback”, thus
expanding patient-facing service scenarios. Together with clinical experts,
we will develop disease-specific scanning technologies and AI-assisted
diagnostic tools, opening specialty outpatient clinics for cardiovascular and
oncology cases, thereby creating scenario attractiveness through “expert
IP + AI technology”. We will also build regional collaborative medical malls,
integrating imaging needs from surrounding community health service
centers, physical examination institutions and enterprises, providing
diversified services such as centralized examinations, AI screening and health
management. This will transform flagship centers from “single-point service”
into “regional digital-intelligent service hubs”. At the same time, we will
precisely match grassroots demand scenarios through specialty medical
consortiums and operational management imaging centers. Focusing on
high-incidence scenarios of major and chronic diseases in townships, we will
promote specialty screening center models such as “low-dose lung cancer
screening” and “early screening for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular




                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   51
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          diseases”. Combined with AI-assisted diagnostic tools, this will improve
                          grassroots disease early-screening rates and form a scenario-based closed
                          loop of “initial screening – follow-up – intervention”. Furthermore, we will
                          provide partner hospitals with upgraded “digital-intelligent operational
                          management systems”, including AI quality-control management and refined
                          cost-control modules. This will enhance the operational efficiency and
                          profitability of partner hospital imaging centers, achieving an upgrade from
                          “service output” to “digital-intelligent capability empowerment”.

                   (2)    Replicating China’s digital-intelligent model to drive global service
                          deployment. Building on our mature domestic scenario-centric operational
                          experience and digital-intelligent capabilities, we will adopt a “China model
                          + local adaptation” pathway to accelerate scenario coverage in overseas
                          markets and promote the global rollout of China’s digital-intelligent imaging
                          service solutions. In Hong Kong, Macau and Southeast Asia, we will
                          establish benchmarks for digital-intelligent imaging services. In Hong
                          Kong and Macau, we will collaborate with leading local medical institutions
                          to launch “AI Imaging Centers”, exporting the digital-intelligent platform’s
                          remote diagnostic system, AI-assisted diagnostic tools and standardized
                          operational management systems, while exploring cross-border imaging
                          data collaboration and advanced medical service models. At the same time,
                          we plan to advance inclusive scenario deployment in emerging “Belt
                          and Road” markets. In countries such as Malawi and Turkey, drawing on
                          the domestic county-level imaging centers’ low-cost and high-efficiency
                          operational experience, we will establish basic imaging service stations
                          through a model of “hardware installation + remote services + AI-assisted
                          diagnosis”. By tailoring lightweight digital-intelligent imaging packages
                          — including simplified versions of the digital-intelligent platform, basic AI
                          diagnostic tools, and localized technician training modules — we will help
                          grassroots medical institutions quickly acquire essential imaging examination
                          and diagnostic capabilities, thereby promoting the balanced distribution of
                          global medical resources.




52   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(3)   Expanding “mobile + digital-intelligent platform” service models. We
      will break through the limitations of traditional fixed outlets by expanding
      “mobile + digital-intelligent platform” service models. With “hospital sets
      the standards, third-party operates, AI enhances efficiency” as the core
      business model, we will establish an innovative service system of “mobile
      imaging + digital-intelligent examination sharing platform”. This will
      comprehensively cover five core areas: customized home-based health
      checkups, offline delivery for internet medical services, grassroots screening
      tours, foundational support for special events (such as large-scale sports
      competitions), and on-site services at major hospitals. We plan to deploy
      mobile imaging vehicles equipped with intelligent imaging devices and
      AI-assisted diagnostic systems, filling the gap in mobile imaging services
      and building a highly efficient end-to-end service network. These vehicles will
      provide customized home imaging examinations for families and enterprises
      (“professional screening without leaving home”), fulfill offline imaging needs
      following online consultations, and connect online consultation, offline
      examination and cloud-based diagnosis into a closed loop. They will also
      deliver specialized imaging screening for sports injuries, conduct grassroots
      touring services to support public health, and alleviate hospital bottlenecks
      by diverting examination demand and improving efficiency for complex case
      imaging. All examination data will be uploaded in real time to the cloud
      platform, enabling seamless integration of mobile examinations, cloud-based
      AI preliminary diagnosis and expert remote review. This will effectively
      address pain points such as difficulty in accessing screening services at the
      grassroots level and long waiting times at major hospitals, while providing
      standardized, efficient, and customized imaging services for enterprises,
      public health systems and medical institutions. Ultimately, this will achieve
      efficient sharing and precise distribution of medical resources. In addition,
      we will build a digital-intelligent examination sharing platform to further
      break down cross-institutional barriers. By establishing an open platform
      that integrates internet medical consultation demand with idle imaging
      equipment resources across regional medical institutions, we will improve
      medical resource utilization. At the same time, the platform will accumulate
      cross-institutional and multi-scenario imaging data, providing essential
      scenario support for enhancing the generalization capabilities of AI models.




                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   53
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            2.     Activating the Value of Data Elements to Build a New Engine for Medical
                   Imaging Data Assets

                   Guided by the core concept of “data as a resource mine”, we will leverage the
                   massive standardized imaging data generated across all scenarios to strengthen
                   data governance capabilities, transforming data resources into data capabilities
                   and data assets. In doing so, we aim to build a “rich data mine” in the medical
                   imaging field, becoming the core data gateway for precision medicine and AI
                   research and development.

                   (1)    Continuously enhancing data production capabilities to build a
                          high-quality imaging data system. Every service scenario is a data
                          production scenario. Through standardized processes and digital-intelligent
                          tools, we will ensure large-scale and high-quality production of imaging
                          data, laying the foundation for data services and assetization. We will
                          unify standards for data collection to guarantee consistency in data
                          quality. Across all imaging centers and service scenarios, we will implement
                          standardized imaging data collection protocols covering equipment
                          parameter settings, examination workflow specifications, image storage
                          formats and structured diagnostic report formats, ensuring consistency and
                          comparability of data generated from different scenarios and devices. At
                          the same time, AI-assisted quality-control tools will be deployed to monitor
                          data collection quality in real time, issuing immediate alerts and corrections
                          for non-compliant data, thereby improving the qualification rate. We will
                          persistently accumulate data at scale, leveraging our nationwide network
                          of 20 provinces, more than 117 imaging centers and a daily examination
                          volume exceeding 10,000 cases. This will enable us to build a leading
                          domestic medical imaging database with comprehensive disease coverage.
                          Furthermore, through cross-scenario data collection (such as grassroots
                          screening, advanced health examinations and clinical research), we will
                          enrich the dimensionality and clinical labeling of data, enhancing diversity
                          and value density.

                   (2)    Further enhancing our data governance capabilities by establishing the
                          Rimag enterprise-level trusted medical data space, ensuring compliance
                          and assetization. We will build a comprehensive data governance system
                          with compliance as the foundation, ensuring the transformation of data
                          from “resources” into “assets” and safeguarding its commercialization
                          and circulation. Through process-oriented compliance governance, we
                          will reinforce data security defenses. By deepening cooperation with
                          professional law firms, we will optimize data de-identification standards
                          and patient authorization mechanisms to ensure that data processing fully
                          complies with the Personal Information Protection Law (    《個人信息保護
                          法》 ), the Data Security Law (
                                                      《數據安全法》      ), and relevant medical industry

54   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


      regulations. We will establish a full-chain compliance SOP covering “data
      collection – cleaning – annotation – storage – application”, forming a
      traceable and auditable governance framework that guarantees secure
      data usage under compliance requirements. In 2026, we will initiate the
      establishment of the Rimag enterprise-level trusted medical data space. Once
      completed, this trusted space will greatly enhance Rimag’s data compliance
      as well as the convenience of external application and service provision.
      At the same time, we will continuously enhance data value density. By
      forming a professional data governance team and leveraging AI-assisted
      annotation tools, we will structure and clinically label existing data to create
      standardized data products such as “disease-specific annotated datasets”
      and “multi-modal integrated datasets”. Focusing on key diseases such as
      epilepsy, brachial plexus disorders and pulmonary nodules, we are building
      high-quality specialty datasets to provide precise data support for AI
      development, clinical research and pharmaceutical clinical trials.

(3)   Driving data value realization and expanding commercialization
      pathways. We will actively respond to national policies on the marketization
      of data elements, promoting the commercialization and circulation of
      data assets to maximize value release and create new growth curves for
      the enterprise. By empowering upstream and downstream players in
      the industry chain, we will advance the commercialization of data
      services. We aim to provide standardized data products to AI companies,
      pharmaceutical enterprises, universities and research institutions — for
      example, annotated datasets for AI model training, imaging data support for
      pharmaceutical clinical trials, multi-modal imaging datasets for academic
      research, and disease-specific imaging references for insurance institutions
      — thus forming a “data reuse – value multiplication” business model. In
      addition, we will deepen cooperation with trusted data spaces across
      provinces and cities, expanding the scope of data services and jointly
      exploring market-based mechanisms for “data product pricing – transaction
      – settlement”. We will also continue to strengthen the synergy between
      data and AI, feeding back into AI model iteration. High-quality imaging
      data will serve as the core fuel for medical imaging foundation model
      development, supporting the training of base models and scenario-specific
      AI products. This will continuously improve diagnostic accuracy and
      generalization capabilities, while driving deeper value release of data in AI
      applications.




                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   55
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            3.     Accelerating AI Technology Penetration to Lead a New Direction in the Digital-
                   Intelligent Transformation of Medical Imaging

                   With “AI as the engine” as our core strategy, we will leverage our self-developed
                   artificial intelligence capabilities and full-scenario data advantages to drive AI
                   technology’s transformation from “auxiliary tool” to “core productivity”. This will
                   empower physicians, enhance diagnostic efficiency, expand service boundaries,
                   and position us as the core provider of imaging-based solutions in the digital
                   evolution of healthcare services.

                   (1)    Advancing core AI technology development to build a full-stack AI
                          product system. We will continue to deepen our focus in the medical
                          imaging AI field, with Medical Image Insights, the AI enterprise incubated
                          by Rimag, serving as our core technology hub. Based on a multi-modal
                          foundation model, we will build a full-stack AI product system covering data
                          governance, model training, clinical application and operational management.
                          This will enable us to overcome technical challenges in imaging AI and
                          establish differentiated competitive advantages. We will persistently iterate
                          and upgrade our proprietary multi-modal, end-to-end foundation model,
                          enhancing multi-modal data fusion capabilities, small-sample learning
                          capacity, and accuracy in identifying complex lesions. For different imaging
                          modalities (CT, MR, ultrasound, etc.) and anatomical regions (cranial,
                          thoracic, abdominal, etc.), we will develop specialized model branches to
                          reduce the cost and cycle of single-disease AI product development, while
                          optimizing inference efficiency to adapt to grassroots medical institutions’
                          hardware environments, enabling lightweight deployment. In addition, we will
                          launch an AI-DIY platform tailored for small – and medium-sized medical
                          institutions and research teams, providing modular AI model development
                          tools that allow users to quickly build customized AI applications according
                          to their needs. The platform will feature standardized data processing
                          modules, model training frameworks and clinical validation tools, lowering the
                          threshold for AI adoption. Through continuous user feedback, we will enrich
                          platform functionalities and foster the development of an AI ecosystem.




56   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   Driving deep AI penetration across domestic, overseas and innovative
      scenarios. Leveraging our full-scenario service network, we will accelerate
      the deep penetration of AI technology in domestic, overseas and innovative
      contexts, achieving the transformation from “technology development”
      to “value realization” and positioning AI as the core engine for improving
      service efficiency and expanding service boundaries. Domestically, we
      will empower medical scenarios through AI. At grassroots medical
      institutions, we will adopt a “basic AI diagnostic tools + remote expert
      collaborative review” model to help physicians quickly identify common
      lesions and improve diagnostic accuracy. At flagship centers, we will deploy
      disease-specific AI models to deliver precise diagnosis and treatment
      planning, establishing benchmarks for “AI-assisted precision medicine”.
      On the digital-intelligent examination sharing platform, AI-enabled triage
      and examination prioritization functions will optimize operational efficiency
      and enhance user experience. In health management scenarios, we will
      introduce “AI imaging health risk assessment services” to provide users
      with personalized health intervention recommendations, thereby expanding
      service boundaries. Internationally, we will leverage AI capabilities to
      strengthen competitiveness in overseas markets. We deliver tailored AI
      solutions adapted to the specific needs of different overseas markets. In
      Hong Kong, Macau and Southeast Asia’s high-end markets, we will provide
      “AI precision diagnosis + cross-border expert consultation” services to
      meet the needs of high-end patients. In emerging Belt and Road markets,
      we will promote lightweight AI diagnostic tools to help local physicians
      quickly acquire basic imaging diagnostic capabilities, reducing reliance on
      external experts. AI-assisted training modules will also be introduced to
      enhance the professional skills of local medical personnel. Finally, we will
      explore AI-driven service model innovation. By launching the “Rimag AI
      Brother” tool, we will provide lightweight AI solutions for medical institutions
      and individual physicians, reducing time costs and compensating for gaps
      in experience. We will also explore “AI + insurance” cooperation models,
      incorporating AI imaging screening into health assessment processes for
      insurance claims, thereby expanding commercial collaboration scenarios.




                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   57
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                   (3)    Building an AI collaborative ecosystem to strengthen technological
                          competitiveness. We will use AI technology as a bridge to deepen
                          collaboration across the industry chain, creating an open and win-win AI
                          ecosystem that reinforces the closed-loop competitiveness of “scenario
                          – data – AI” and consolidates our leadership position. We are deepening
                          collaboration with universities and research institutions to integrate
                          industry, academia, and application, jointly establishing “joint laboratories
                          for medical imaging AI”, focused on frontier technology development
                          and talent cultivation. With top tertiary hospitals, we will conduct clinical
                          validation of AI products to ensure alignment with real-world clinical needs.
                          With pharmaceutical companies, we will jointly develop AI imaging evaluation
                          tools for clinical trials, expanding AI applications in drug development.
                          At the same time, we will promote ecosystem integration across the
                          industry chain. By collaborating with imaging equipment manufacturers,
                          we will embed AI algorithms into hardware devices, exploring integrated
                          “intelligent equipment + AI software” solutions. With internet medical
                          platforms and health management institutions, we will co-build AI imaging
                          service ecosystems, achieving complementary service scenarios and data
                          interconnectivity. We will also attract small and medium-sized AI enterprises
                          to join our AI integration platform, enriching the AI product portfolio and
                          generating ecosystem synergy. Leveraging our accumulated expertise
                          and practical experience in imaging AI, we will actively participate in
                          the formulation of industry standards and data standards for medical
                          imaging AI, enhancing our influence in the sector. By transforming
                          corporate standards into industry standards, we will further strengthen
                          our core competitiveness.

            4.     Ecosystem Collaboration and Organizational Upgrading to Support the
                   Implementation of the Digital-Intelligent Strategy

                   To ensure the smooth advancement of the above strategies, we will focus on
                   three dimensions — ecosystem collaboration, organizational capabilities, and
                   brand building — to construct a support system aligned with our digital-intelligent
                   strategy, ensuring our sustained leadership in the digital-intelligent healthcare
                   arena.




58   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


(1)   Building an open and collaborative digital-intelligent ecosystem. We will
      replace “individual competition” with “ecosystem empowerment”, deepening
      strategic collaboration across the industry chain and driving the
      digital-intelligent upgrading of the medical imaging sector. In core
      segments of the industry chain, we will establish strong partnerships
      — for example, co-developing customized intelligent imaging equipment
      with global leading device manufacturers, collaborating with medical
      supply chain service providers to innovate financial solutions, and jointly
      building secure and compliant data circulation platforms with data service
      providers to enable compliant sharing and value co-creation of medical
      imaging data. At the same time, we will expand cross-sector ecosystem
      collaboration, strengthening cooperation with leading internet medical
      platforms such as JD Health to enhance integrated services of “online
      consultation + offline imaging examination + AI diagnosis”, positioning
      ourselves as the “digital-intelligent imaging delivery infrastructure”
      for internet healthcare. We will also partner with health management
      institutions and physical examination centers to launch integrated service
      packages combining precision imaging screening, AI health assessment,
      and follow-up interventions. In addition, we will co-build “clinical research
      imaging platforms” with universities and research institutions, providing
      digital-intelligent imaging data support for new drug development and
      medical research, thereby opening incremental markets in scientific services.

(2)   We will align organizational capabilities with the digital-intelligent
      strategy by focusing on “talent-driven growth + management
      upgrading”, ensuring both talent and management support for strategic
      implementation. We will upgrade our diversified talent development
      system, strengthen the construction of the Imaging Academy, and refine
      the “RMBA training system” to cultivate versatile professionals with
      medical expertise, technical literacy and management skills. Together with
      universities, we will establish internship bases in AI healthcare and medical
      imaging, providing targeted training pipelines for technicians, diagnostic
      physicians and AI R&D talent. Specialized teams in nuclear medicine, AI
      algorithms and data governance will be formed to support high-end and
      digital-intelligent business expansion. We will establish market-oriented
      talent incentive mechanisms, including equity rewards and project-based
      profit-sharing, to attract top global talent. Our digital-intelligent operational
      management system will be further optimized, with an enhanced
      mentorship model to ensure newly established imaging centers are quickly




                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   59
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          integrated into the Group’s operational framework. We will refine end-to-end
                          SOP systems, formulating differentiated management standards for different
                          types of imaging centers and service scenarios to improve approval
                          efficiency and operational quality. Performance evaluation will be closely
                          linked to digital-intelligent business indicators, motivating teams to actively
                          embrace digital-intelligent transformation.

                   We have already established strong competitive moats through our three core
                   pillars of “scenario – data – AI”, fulfilling the critical requirements for transitioning
                   from a “traditional third-party imaging service provider” to a “digital-intelligent
                   medical imaging service provider”. With robust support from ecosystem
                   collaboration and organizational upgrading, our long-term growth logic is clear. In
                   2026, we will continue to deepen strategic implementation with digital-intelligent
                   services as the core driver, creating long-term value for investors and contributing
                   core momentum to the digital-intelligent transformation of the global healthcare
                   industry.




60   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
  Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

The biographical details of Directors and senior management of the Company as at the date of
this annual report are set out as follows:


DIRECTORS
Executive Directors

Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽), aged 50, has served as our chairman of the Board since
November 2024, our executive Director since May 2023 and chief executive officer since
December 2021. Mr. Chen has more than 22 years of experience in corporate management
and healthcare sector. Before joining our Group in November 2021, he served at the medical
system business department of International Far Eastern Leasing Co., Ltd. (遠東國際融資租賃
有限公司) from April 2004 to July 2012, and Ping An International Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
(平安國際融資租賃有限公司) from November 2012 to November 2016, Ping An Commercial
Factoring Co., Ltd. (平安商業保理有限公司) from November 2013 to December 2016, the
executive director and general manager of China Minsheng Health Industry Finance Leasing
Co., Ltd. (中民投健康產業融資租賃有限公司) from June 2018 to June 2021. Mr. Chen has also
served as the executive director of Shanghai Rong Gong She Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd. (上
海融公社芳侯科技有限公司) since March 2020.

Mr. Chen obtained his bachelor’s degree in preventive medicine from Peking University Health
Science Center (北京大學醫學部) in the PRC in July 1998.

Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛), aged 38, has served as our executive Director since June 2021, our
vice president and secretary to the Board since August 2020, the director of board office and
head of the risk and compliance committee of our Company since July 2017 and the joint
company secretary of the Company since May 2023. Ms. He joined our Group in January 2015.
Ms. He also holds several directorships and senior management positions within the Group,
including the executive director and general manager of Fuzhou Rimag Medical Imaging Co.,
Ltd. (撫州一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司) since April 2017, the executive director and general
manager of Fengcheng Rimag Medical Imaging Center Co., Ltd. (豐城市一脈陽光醫學影像中
心有限公司), since March 2018, the executive director of Xixian New District Rimag Sunshine
Medical Image Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (西鹹新區一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司) since October
2020; the executive director and general manager of Liaocheng Rimag Medical Imaging
Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (聊城市一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司); the executive director and manager
of Beijing Rimag Yuntai Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (北京一脈雲泰醫療器械有限公司); the director
of Fuzhou Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (福州一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心
有限公司) and Shaanxi Rimag Yutai Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (陝西一脈裕泰醫療科技有限
公司); the manager of Beijing Rimag Medical Information Technology Co., Ltd. (北京一脈陽光醫
學信息技術有限公司); the supervisor of Jiangxi Rimag Yingcheng Medical Service Co., Ltd. (江




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   61
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     西一脈影成醫療服務有限公司), Yantai Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (煙台
     一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司), Nanchang Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (南
     昌一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司), Zhaoqing Rimag District Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center
     Co., Ltd. (肇慶一脈陽光區域醫學影像診斷中心有限公司), Hainan Rimag Medical Investment 48
     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2024 Biographical Details of Directors,
     Supervisors and Senior Management Management Co., Ltd. (海南一脈陽光醫療投資管理有限
     公司), Yingtan Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (鷹潭市一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限
     公司), Fenyi Rimag Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (分宜一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司), Fuliang Rimag
     Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (浮梁一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司), Yushan Rimag
     Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (玉山一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司), Gengma Rimag Medical Imaging
     Co., Ltd. (耿馬一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司), Anfu Rimag Medical Imaging Center Co., Ltd. (安福
     一脈陽光醫學影像中心有限公司), Jiangxi Rimag Cloud Data Co., Ltd. (江西一脈陽光雲數據有限
     公司), Nanchang Rimag Comprehensive Clinic Co., Ltd. (南昌一脈陽光綜合門診部有限公司) and
     Lianyungang Rimag Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (連雲港一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司).

     Ms. He passed the professional undergraduate higher education self-study examination (major
     in journalism) and graduated from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (華中科
     技大學) in the PRC in December 2010. She obtained her qualification certificate of secretary
     to the board of listed company from Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 2019 and the
     qualification as a level II enterprise human resource manager from Jiangxi Province Human
     Resources and Social Security Department (江西省人力資源和社會保障廳) in January 2014.

     Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰), aged 37, has served as our executive Director since November 2021 and
     our vice president and chief financial officer of the Company since April 2021. He also serves
     as the director of Wenzhou Rimag Yiying Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (溫州一脈頤
     影醫學影像診斷有限公司). Before joining our Group, Mr. Feng served as a senior accounting
     consultant of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited (德勤華永會計師事務所) from October 2013 to
     September 2015, and a manager at corporate finance advisory services department of Deloitte
     Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (德勤諮詢(上海)有限公司) from November 2015 to March 2021.

     Mr. Feng graduated from the business administration program (mutual recognition of credits
     between the PRC and Canada) of the international college of Ningbo University (寧波大學)
     in the PRC in October 2013 and concurrently obtained the bachelor’s degree in business
     (accounting and international business major) from The University of Manitoba in Canada in
     February 2013. He has been a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     since April 2018.




62   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                   Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. LI Feiyu (李飛宇), aged 47, has served as our executive Director since November 2024 and
our vice president and the president of our imaging hospital since March 2019. He also serves
as the executive director and general manager of Beijing Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis
Center Co., Ltd. (北京一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司) since September 2020, the director
of Yichang Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (宜昌市一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中
心有限公司) and the chairman of the board of directors of Rimag Cloud Medical Technology
(Beijing) Co., Ltd. (一脈雲醫學科技(北京)有限公司). Before joining our Group, he successively
served as an associate chief physician from August 2006 to April 2017 and a vice president of
CMIG Healthcare (中民醫療投資股份有限公司).

Mr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine and his doctoral degree in
medical imaging from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 2001 and July 2006,
respectively. He obtained his qualification certificate as a physician and his practicing
certificate as a physician from Beijing Municipal Health Commission in December 2006 and
August 2007, respectively. He completed his training in cardiovascular imaging and vulnerable
atherosclerosis plaque detection at the Vascular Imaging Lab Department of Radiology of the
University of Washington in December 2009 and obtained his certificate of medical equipment
usage personnel as a MRI physician and as a nuclear medicine physicist from the Health
Human Resources Development Center of the National Health Commission of the PRC (國家
衛生健康委人才交流服務中心) (previously known as the Health Human Resources Development
Center of the Ministry of Health of the PRC (衛生部人才交流服務中心)) in January 2015 and
December 2020, respectively.

Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林), aged 41, has served as our non-executive Director since June 2021.
Mr. Liu has over 14 years of experience in corporate finance and investment. He has served
at China International Capital Corporation Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange,
stock code: 3908) since December 2011, and currently serves as a managing director at CICC
Capital Management Co., Ltd. (中金資本運營有限公司, a subsidiary of China International
Capital Corporation Limited (中國國際金融股份有限公司)). He previously also served as a
director of SinoMab BioScience Limited (中國抗體製藥有限公司, a company listed on the Stock
Exchange, stock code: 3681) from February 2019 to June 2022.

Mr. Liu obtained his bachelor’s degree in biomedical and his master’s degree in management
science and engineering from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in the PRC in July 2006 and July
2008, respectively.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   63
     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. GUO Tao (郭濤), aged 50, has served as our non-executive Director since November 2024.
     Mr. Guo is a full-time lecturer (專職教師) at the College of Modern Economics & Management of
     Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics (江西財經大學現代經濟管理學院) since November
     2023. From October 2013 to November 2023, he served as the provincial branch department
     vice general manager (省公司部門副總經理) and the Ji’an city branch vice general manager
     and senior director (吉安市分公司副總經理、高級主管) of the Jiangxi branch of The People’s
     Insurance Company of China Limited* (中國人民保險股份有限公司江西省分公司). From August
     2002 to October 2013, Mr. Guo worked as a division director (處長) of the Jiangxi branch of
     China Export and Credit Insurance Corporation* (中國出口信用保險公司江西省分公司). From
     July 1997 to August 2002, he was a sales representative (業務員) of Jiangxi branch of The
     People’s Insurance Company of China* (中國人民保險公司江西省分公司).

     Mr. Guo obtained his bachelor’s degree in international trade and his master’s degree in
     industrial economics from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics (江西財經大學) in the
     PRC in 1997 and 2002 respectively.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝), aged 54, has been appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director of our Company in May 2023. Mr. Wu has over 32 years of experience in accounting
     and financial management. He served as an accounting manager of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Limited from April 1994 to February 1999, a senior accounting manager and accounting
     partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited from February 2000 to July 2021, a senior partner
     of Zhong Hui Accounting Firm (中匯會計師事務所) since August 2021, and an independent
     non-executive director of Intco Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (英科醫療科技股份有限公司, a
     company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 300677) since February 2022.

     Mr. Wu graduated from the program of bachelor’s degree in accounting of University of
     Shanghai for Science and Technology (上海理工大學) in the PRC in July 1993. He has been a
     member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 2000.

     Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅), aged 41, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director
     of our Company in May 2023. Mr. Luo has over 15 years of experience in regulatory and law
     services. He served at People’s Bank of China Nanchang Center Branch (中國人民銀行南昌中
     心支行) from July 2010 to May 2011, at the Price Supervision, Inspection and Antimonopoly
     Bureau (價格監督檢查與反壟斷局) and Regulatory Division (法規司) of National Development
     and Reform Commission (國家發展和改革委員會) of the PRC from May 2011 to May 2021, and
     a senior consultant of Beijing DHH Law Firm (北京德和衡律師事務所) since September 2021.

     Mr. Luo obtained his bachelor’s degree, his master’s degree and his doctoral degree in law in
     July 2007, July 2010 and June 2015 from Nanjing Normal University (南京師範大學) in the PRC,
     respectively. He obtained his PRC lawyer practicing license from Beijing Municipal Bureau of
     Justice in January 2023.




64   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                    Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management


Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲), aged 32, has been appointed as an independent non-executive
Director of our Company in November 2024. Ms. Chen has nearly ten years of experience
in the area of corporate finance and investment. Since 2024, she has served as the head of
equity investment department of New Harvest Wealth Securities Company Limited (新嘉財富證
券有限公司) and is mainly responsible for the global primary markets private fund investment.
From October 2021 to November 2023, she served as a vice president of the healthcare team
of the investment banking division of Asia-Pacific (亞太區投資銀行部醫療組副總裁) of Credit
Suisse (Hong Kong) (瑞士信貸(香港)) and was mainly responsible for the listing, acquisition and
refinancing business of Asia-Pacific healthcare industry companies. From 2016 to 2021, she
worked at several leading investment banking institutions and was mainly responsible for the
listing, acquisition and structured financing business of Asia-Pacific companies.

Ms. Chen obtained the bachelor’s degree in finance from the University of International
Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學) in 2015 and the master of finance degree from
The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2016.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽), aged 50, is our chairman of the Board, executive Director
and chief executive officer. See the sub-section headed “Directors” in this section for his
biographical details.

Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛), aged 38, is our executive Director, vice president and secretary to
the Board. See the sub-section headed “Directors” in this section for her biographical details.

Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰), aged 37, is our executive Director, vice president and chief financial
officer. See the sub-section headed “Directors” in this section for his biographical details.

Mr. LI Feiyu (李飛宇), aged 47, is our executive Director, vice president and the president
of our imaging hospital. See the sub-section headed “Directors” in this section for his
biographical details.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company in May
2023. See the sub-section headed “Directors” in this section for her biographical details.

Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟), aged 38, was appointed as the other joint company secretary of
our Company in May 2023. She is an assistant vice president of SWCS Corporate Services
Group (Hong Kong) Limited, a professional services provider specializing in corporate services,
and has over ten years of experience in the corporate secretarial field. Ms. Zhang has been
admitted as an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom in March 2019. She obtained
her bachelor’s degree in computer science from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in
December 2010, her master’s degree in corporate governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan
University in November 2018 and her master’s degree in accountancy from Hong Kong Baptist
University in October 2024, each in Hong Kong.


                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   65
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to
     safeguard the interests of the Shareholders. The Board is pleased to present the corporate
     governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     CORPORATE CULTURE
     With the power of imaging, guarding the brightness of life. The Company is guided by the
     principle of “imaging connects health and technology empowers the future”, and is committed
     to becoming an innovative leader and value creator in the global medical imaging field, and
     reshaping the medical imaging service ecosystem with professionalism, enthusiasm and
     technology. Always driven by “imaging + technology + service ”, the Company has unremittingly
     pursued excellence, and is committed to providing everyone in need with high-quality imaging
     services, so that the value of medical imaging will benefit the full lifecycle.

     •      Corporate Vision: To build the most influential imaging medical group in the PRC and the
            world, and construct the medical imaging service platform with the highest integration
            level and ecological organization capabilities in the industry.

     •      Corporate Mission: To provide patients and healthcare consumers with a better imaging
            examination experience, as well as enable clinicians to obtain more accurate image
            diagnostic results and radiologists to realize greater professional value through our
            platform. Image-leading clinic and data-driven service.

     •      Corporate Values: To be pragmatic, innovative, sincere, and simple, with service
            prioritized.

     •      Core Operating Philosophy: Imaging integrated into, guiding, and serving clinical practice
            – Through continuous enhancement and mastering of new knowledge, new technologies,
            new functions and new trends in the development of medical imaging by radiologists,
            technicians and nursing staff, and the passing of the above knowledge/technology to
            clinicians, they can interact with clinicians in a positive manner to help clinicians improve
            their diagnostic and treatment technology and service capabilities for patients through
            the development of medical imaging, thereby realizing the value of imaging professionals.
            As such, the goal of using imaging to guide and better serve clinical practice can be
            realized.

     •      Brand Promise: Focus on Imaging to Safeguard Health.




66   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                             Corporate Governance Report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company recognises the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the
management of the Company as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as
a whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance practices as its own code of
corporate governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the
Corporate Governance Code.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions
as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, and met the requirements of the
vast majority of the recommended provisions on best practices as set out in Part 2 of the
Corporate Governance Code, except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 in Part 2 of
the Corporate Governance Code, which is further illustrated in the section headed “Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer” below.

The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a
regular basis to ensure compliance with the code provisions and to maintain the Company’s
high standard of corporate governance practices.


THE BOARD
Composition of the Board

As of the date of this annual report, the Board consists of nine Directors, including four
executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive
Directors. All Directors are elected by the general meeting of Shareholders for a term of
three years which is renewable upon re-election. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the
members of the Board of the Company are listed as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. HE Yingfei
Mr. FENG Xie
Mr. LI Feiyu

Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Senlin
Mr. GUO Tao




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   67
     Corporate Governance Report

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. WU Xiaohui
     Mr. LUO Yi
     Ms. CHEN Yifei

     Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details
     of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report. Save as disclosed in the section
     headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, there
     are no financial, business, family, or other material or relevant relationships among members of
     the Board.

     Responsibilities of the Board and Management

     The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, oversees the Company’s
     businesses, investment and strategic decisions, maintains the effectiveness of the Company’s
     risk management and internal control systems, and monitors the performance of the Company.

     The major powers and functions of the Board include, but are not limited to, convening the
     general meetings and reporting its work in the meetings, executing the resolutions of the
     general meetings; deciding on the Group’s operating plan and investment policy; reviewing
     the Group’s annual financial budget and final accounts; formulating the Company’s profit
     distribution plan and loss recovery plan; formulating the Company’s basic management system;
     and exercising other authorities granted by laws, administrative regulations, departmental
     regulations, the Listing Rule and other securities regulatory rules or organizational articles of
     association where the Company’s shares are listed.

     For the purpose of overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs, the Board
     has established three specific Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has assigned a number
     of responsibilities to the Board committees, which are set out in their respective terms of
     reference.

     Senior management is responsible for the management of day-to-day operations of the
     Company, including but not limited to implementing strategies and instructions determined by
     the Board, organizing and coordinating the work among various departments and teams of the
     Company.




68   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of
chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same
individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should be
clearly established and set out in writing.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang assumed the duties and
responsibilities of both the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company.
Notwithstanding the deviation from code provision C.2.1 in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
Code, the Board believes that with the support of the management, vesting the duties and
responsibilities of both chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer by the same
person can facilitate execution of the Group’s business strategies and boost effectiveness
of its operation. In addition, under the supervision by the Board which currently consists of
four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive
Directors, the interest of the Shareholders will be adequately and fairly represented. The Board
will review this structure from time to time to ensure appropriate and timely action to meet
changing circumstances.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the
Corporate Governance Code, which include:

a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors
     and senior management;

c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal
     and regulatory requirements;

d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any)
     applicable to employees and Directors; and

e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and
     disclosure in the corporate governance report.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   69
     Corporate Governance Report

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board has performed the above-mentioned
     corporate governance functions, including reviewing a series of corporate governance
     documents and monitoring the implementation of such documents from time to time; reviewing
     and actively organizing the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
     senior management; reviewing and monitoring whether the Company has violated laws and
     regulatory requirements; reviewing and monitoring the Shareholders’ communication policy to
     ensure its effectiveness.

     Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board complied
     with Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating the appointment of independent non-executive
     Directors representing at least one-third of the Board, as well as Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2)
     of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
     Directors with at least one possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or
     related financial management expertise.

     The Company has received annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines
     set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent
     non-executive Directors are independent.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors

     Under the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meeting
     and may be removed from their office by the general meeting prior to expiration of the term
     of office. A Director shall serve a term of three years and may serve a consecutive term if
     re-elected upon expiration of their term of office.

     Accordingly, each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent
     non-executive Directors of the Company has entered into a service contract with the Company
     for a term of three years following his/her respective appointment date unless it is terminated
     in accordance with their respective terms, and are eligible to offer themselves for re-election
     upon expiry of term.

     Save as disclosed above, the Company has not entered, and does not propose to enter, into
     any service contracts with any of the Directors in their respective capacities as Directors (other
     than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without any payment
     of compensation (other than statutory compensation)).




70   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                           Corporate Governance Report

Training and Professional Development

Pursuant to code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code, all directors should
participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills to ensure that their contribution to the board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director of the Company has received necessary induction training on
his/her first appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations
of the Company and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the
Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

To help the Directors develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, various training and
lectures would be arranged at regular intervals, and the Directors would be provided with
relevant laws, rules and regulations and amendments to or latest versions of the Listing Rules
to keep them informed of the latest development. During the Reporting Period, all of the
Directors have participated in training courses or read materials on corporate governance and
related topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and provided relevant records
of training to the Company.

Directors                                                                               Type of Training (Note)

Executive Directors
Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang                                                                                             a, b, c
Ms. HE Yingfei                                                                                                a, b, c
Mr. FENG Xie                                                                                                  a, b, c
Mr. LI Feiyu                                                                                                  a, b, c

Non-executive Directors
Mr. LIU Senlin                                                                                                a, b, c
Mr. GUO Tao                                                                                                   a, b, c

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. WU Xiaohui                                                                                                a, b, c
Mr. LUO Yi                                                                                                    a, b, c
Ms. CHEN Yifei                                                                                                a, b, c

Notes:


a:       Training provided by law firm;


b:       Internal training and/or seminars and/or conferences and/or forums; and


c:       Reading study materials regarding Directors’ duties and responsibilities and/or the latest corporate governance
         requirements.




                                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025      71
     Corporate Governance Report

     Model Code for Securities Transactions by the Directors and Supervisors

     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding dealings in
     the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Supervisors who, because of his/her
     office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Group or the
     Company’s securities.

     Upon specific enquiry, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that they have complied with
     the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period. In addition, the Company is not aware of any
     non-compliance with the Model Code by the members of senior management of the Company
     during the Reporting Period.

     Independence of the Board

     The Company believes that the independence of the Board is essential to good corporate
     governance and the effectiveness of the Board. The Board has established relevant
     mechanisms to ensure that the independent views of any Director can be communicated to
     the Board to enhance the objectivity and effectiveness of decision-making. The Board has
     reviewed the following key features or mechanisms under the Company’s governance structure
     and considers that they are effective in ensuring the provision of independent views and advice
     to the Board.

     The nomination, election and appointment of Directors to the Board are carried out in strict
     compliance with relevant regulations and policies and the Company’s rules and regulations,
     following the principles of impartiality, fairness and openness to ensure the diversity of the
     Board members without conflict of interest.

     Currently, the independent non-executive Directors of the Board account for one-third of
     the total number of Board members, and the Audit Committee consists of two independent
     non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director, all of which are in compliance with
     the independence requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors have extensive industry experience and professional
     knowledge, and have the ability to devote sufficient time to fulfill the duties of the Board to
     provide strong support and supervision for the development of the Company, and are able to
     maintain objectivity and independence in decision making to safeguard the interests of the
     Company and its shareholders. The Company will assess the independence of the independent
     non-executive Directors on an annual basis.




72   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                              Corporate Governance Report

The Company has established effective channels for communication of views, and the
Directors can express their views openly, as well as confidentially if necessary. All Directors
(including independent non-executive Directors) may obtain external independent professional
advice as deemed necessary at the Company’s expense. All Directors will abstain from voting
on resolutions in which they have a direct or indirect interest. The Board has reviewed these
mechanisms and confirmed that they are effectively implemented.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has complied with the aforesaid relevant regulations,
and the aforesaid mechanisms are effective to provide independent views and opinions
to the Board. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the aforesaid
mechanisms on an annual basis.

Board Meetings and General Meetings

The Board shall meet regularly to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and
financial performance of the Group. At least four Board meetings shall be convened and
presided over by the chairman of the Board in every year. Directors may participate in
meetings either in person or through electronic means of communication. All Directors are
given not less than 14 days’ notice for regular Board meetings. For other Board meetings and
Board committee meetings, reasonable notice will be given. Minutes of meetings are kept by
the company secretary of the Company with copies circulated to all Directors for information
and record.

During the Reporting Period, the Company held 7 Board meetings and 2 general meetings. The
attendance record of each Director is set out below:




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   73
     Corporate Governance Report


                                                                Number of attendance during the term of
                                                                  office of the Director/meetings held
                                                                during the term of office of the Director
     Name of Directors                                             Board Meetings        General Meetings

     Executive Directors
     Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang                                                          7/7                   2/2
     Ms. HE Yingfei                                                             7/7                   2/2
     Mr. FENG Xie                                                               7/7                   2/2
     Mr. LI Feiyu                                                               7/7                   2/2

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. LIU Senlin                                                             7/7                   2/2
     Mr. GUO Tao                                                                7/7                   2/2

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. WU Xiaohui                                                             7/7                   2/2
     Mr. LUO Yi                                                                 7/7                   2/2
     Ms. CHEN Yifei                                                             7/7                   2/2

     Board Committees

     The Company has established three Board committees, namely the Audit Committee,
     the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. All Board committees are
     established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority
     and duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
     and the Nomination Committee are published on the websites of the Company and the Stock
     Exchange, and are available to the Shareholders upon request. Each Board committee could
     engage intermediary to provide professional opinion in accordance with the actual needs at the
     expense of the Company.

     Audit Committee

     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in
     compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and code provision D.3 of the Corporate
     Governance Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, but not limited
     to: primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment,
     reappointment and removal of the external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and
     terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of its resignation or dismissal;
     to monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual reports and accounts,
     half-year reports and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant
     financial reporting judgments contained in them; to review the Company’s financial controls,




74   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

risk management and internal control systems; to discuss the risk management and internal
control systems with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to have
effective systems; where an internal audit function exists, to ensure co-ordination between
the internal and external auditors, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately
resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its
effectiveness; to review the Company and its subsidiaries’ operation, financial and accounting
policies and practices; to report to the Board on the matters in the CG Code; and to review
continuing connected transactions of the Company and ensure compliance with terms
approved by shareholders of the Company.

The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, including Mr. WU Xiaohui and Ms.
CHEN Yifei, both being the independent non-executive Directors, and Mr. LIU Senlin, being the
non-executive Director. Mr. WU Xiaohui is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee held 4 meetings during the Reporting Period. The work performed by the
Audit Committee is summarized as follows:

(1)   reviewed the Company’s interim financial statements and report for the six months ended
      June 30, 2025, including the accounting policies, financial performance and position as
      contained therein;

(2)   reviewed matters such as quarterly audit reports, annual financial final accounts and
      budget reports, and the annual profit distribution plan;

(3)   reviewed the findings and recommendations of the external auditors and independent
      internal control reviewers;

(4)   reviewed the independence of the external auditors and their appointment;

(5)   reviewed the audit plan, internal control plan, formulation of accounting standards and
      their impact on the Company, financial statements and risk management matters;

(6)   reviewed whether the Company’s resources, staff qualifications and experience in
      accounting and financial reporting functions were adequate;

(7)   reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control
      systems; and

(8)   considered and approved the provision of financial assistance by the Company to
      connected subsidiaries.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   75
     Corporate Governance Report

     The attendance record of each committee member is set out below:

                                                                         Number of attendance
                                                                      during the term of office/
                                                                      committee meetings held
     Name of Members                                                   during the term of office

     Mr. WU Xiaohui                                                                          4/4
     Mr. LIU Senlin                                                                          4/4
     Ms. CHEN Yifei                                                                          4/4

     Remuneration Committee

     The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in
     compliance with code provision E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties
     of the Remuneration Committee include, but not limited to: make recommendations to the
     Board on the Company’s policy and structure for the remuneration of all the Directors and
     senior management of the Company and on the establishment of a formal and transparent
     procedure for developing remuneration policy; to review and approve the management’s
     remuneration proposals with reference to the corporate goals and objectives resolved by
     the Board from time to time; to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration
     packages of executive Directors and senior management of the Company, including benefits
     in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for
     loss or termination of their office or appointment; to make recommendations to the Board
     on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; to determine the policy for the remuneration
     of executive directors, assessing performance of executive directors, approving the terms
     of executive directors’ service contracts, and reviewing and/or approving matters relating to
     share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

     The Remuneration Committee currently comprises three members, including Mr. LUO Yi and
     Mr. WU Xiaohui, both being the independent non-executive Directors, and Ms. HE Yingfei,
     being the executive Director. Mr. LUO Yi is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.




76   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                        Corporate Governance Report

The Remuneration Committee held 2 meetings during the Reporting Period. The work
performed by the Remuneration Committee is summarized as follows:

(1)      confirmed the recommendation regarding the performance assessment base for senior
         management for the year;

(2)      considered the proposal in relation to the grant of H Share awards.

The attendance record of each committee member is set out below:

                                                                                   Number of attendance
                                                                                during the term of office/
                                                                                committee meetings held
Name of Members                                                                  during the term of office

Mr. LUO Yi                                                                                                  2/2
Ms. HE Yingfei                                                                                              2/2
Mr. WU Xiaohui (Note 1)                                                                                     0/2
Ms. CHEN Yifei (Note 2)                                                                                     2/2

Notes:


(1)      Mr. WU Xiaohui was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee on December 8, 2025.


(2)      Ms. CHEN Yifei retired as a member of the Remuneration Committee on December 8, 2025.


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees,
including Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and
involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of Directors and Supervisors
are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability, the
prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each Director and
Supervisor. The remuneration for Directors and Supervisors comprises basic salaries, bonuses,
welfare medical and other expenses, and share-based payments.




                                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   77
     Corporate Governance Report

     Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are
     set out in Notes 9 and 38 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this annual report.
     According to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration payable to members
     of senior management (including members of senior management who are also executive
     Directors) by band for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:

     Remuneration Level (RMB)                                                 Number of Persons

     1-1,000,000                                                                                 2
     1,000,001-1,500,000                                                                         1
     1,500,001-2,000,000                                                                         0
     2,000,001-2,500,000                                                                         0
     2,500,001-3,000,000                                                                         1

     Nomination Committee

     The Company has established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference
     in compliance with code provision B.3.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. The primary
     duties of the Nomination Committee include, but not limited to: review the structure, size and
     composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually,
     assist the Board in preparing a skill matrix, and to make recommendations on any proposed
     changes to the Board to complement the Company ’s corporate strategy; to develop the criteria
     for identifying and assessing the qualifications of and evaluating candidates for directorship;
     to develop and maintain a policy for the nomination of the Directors which includes the
     nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee
     to identify, select and recommend candidates for directorship during the year, and to review
     periodically and disclose the policy and progress towards achieving the objectives set out
     in the nomination policy in the corporate governance report of the Company; to identify
     individuals who are suitably qualified to become a member (including whether the individuals
     can bring to the Board the skills, experiences and diversity of perspectives and how the
     individuals can contribute to the diversity of the Board) and to select or make recommendations
     to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with regard to the
     nomination policy of the Company; to assess the independence of independent non-executive
     Directors with regard to the requirements of the Listing Rules; to make recommendations to
     the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
     Directors, in particular, the chairman of the Board and the chief executive of the Company; to
     support the Company in conducting regular evaluations of the Board’s performance; and to
     develop a policy concerning diversity of Board members, and disclose the policy or a summary
     of the policy in the corporate governance report.




78   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                       Corporate Governance Report

In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account
various aspects set out in the Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee
would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy
that are necessary to complement the Company’s strategy and achieve Board diversity, where
appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.

The Nomination Committee currently comprises three members, including Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang,
being the executive Director, and Mr. LUO Yi and Ms. CHEN Yifei, both being the independent
non-executive Directors. Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period. The work performed
by the Nomination Committee is summarized as follows:

(1)      Reviewed the framework, size and composition of the Board (including skills,
         knowledge and experience), and considered that all incumbent Directors possessed
         the qualifications appropriate to the discharge of their duties and met the requirements
         under the relevant laws, regulations and normative documents. The structure, size and
         composition of the Board were in compliance with the requirements of the Company Law
         of the People’s Republic of China, the Listing Rules, other applicable laws, regulations,
         normative documents and the Articles of Association of the Company.

(2)      Assessed the time commitment of Directors, and noted that all Directors had provided
         information on the number and nature of their positions in public companies or
         organizations as well as other significant external time commitments. It was further noted
         that no independent non-executive Director served as a director of seven (or more) listed
         companies.

The attendance record of each committee member is set out below:

                                                                                  Number of attendance
                                                                               during the term of office/
                                                                               committee meetings held
Name of Members                                                                 during the term of office

Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang                                                                                          1/1
Mr. WU Xiaohui (Note 1)                                                                                    1/1
Mr. LUO Yi                                                                                                 1/1
Ms. CHEN Yifei (Note 2)                                                                                    0/1

Notes:

(1)      Mr. WU Xiaohui resigned as a member of the Nomination Committee on December 8, 2025.

(2)      Ms. CHEN Yifei was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee on December 8, 2025.




                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   79
     Corporate Governance Report

     Nomination Policy and Procedures

     The Company has adopted policies and procedures for nomination and election of Directors
     (the “Nomination Policy”). The Nomination Policy sets out the criteria and procedures for
     selection and performance evaluation and provides guidance to the Board on the nomination
     and appointment of Directors. The Board believes that a clear selection process facilitates
     corporate governance, ensures the continuity of the Board, maintains the leadership of the
     Board, and enhances the efficiency and diversity of the Board. Both the Nomination Committee
     and the Board can nominate candidates for Directors. When evaluating the suitability of
     recommended candidates and their potential contributions to the Board, the Nomination
     Committee may refer to certain selection criteria such as integrity, professional qualifications
     and skills, knowledge, experience, commitment and related contributions. The Nomination
     Committee shall report the evaluation results to the Board on the appointment of suitable
     Director candidates and provide relevant recommendations to the Board to make decisions
     and formulate a general election plan which should be proposed at the general meeting for the
     Shareholders’ approval.

     The Board and the Nomination Committee intend to review the Nomination Policy at least
     annually and anticipate that it may be revised from time to time as necessary to meet the
     evolving needs and circumstances of the Company and where statutory obligations or
     requirements under the Listing Rules or the laws of Hong Kong or the laws of the PRC or other
     regulatory changes apply.

     Board Diversity Policy

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (“Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out
     the approach to achieve and maintain diversity in the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity
     Policy, selection of Board candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives,
     including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, industry
     experience, technical capabilities, professional qualifications and skills, knowledge, length of
     service and other related factors. The Company will also consider its own business model and
     special needs. The ultimate selection of Director candidates will be based on merits of the
     candidates and contribution that the candidates will bring to the Board.




80   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The Directors currently consist of two female Directors and seven male Directors with a
balanced mix of gender, knowledge and skills, including but not limited to knowledge and
experience in the areas of business management, biotechnology, clinical medicine, healthcare,
scientific research, law, financial management and accounting. Taking into consideration the
Company’s existing business model and specific needs as well as the different backgrounds
of the Directors, the Directors consider that the composition of the Board satisfies the Board
Diversity Policy. The Company will strive to keep gender balance of the Board through
measures implemented by the Nomination Committee in accordance with the Board Diversity
Policy. In particular, the Company will keep identifying and selecting female individuals with a
diverse range of skills, experience and knowledge in different fields who are suitably qualified
to become the Board members and maintain at least two female Directors and at least 20%
female representations in the Board.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy.
The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to ensure
its continued effectiveness and will disclose the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy in
the corporate governance report on an annual basis.

With regards to gender diversity on the Board, the Board considers that the Company has
achieved gender diversity at the Board level and targets to maintain at least the current level
of female representation. The Company will ensure that gender diversity is taken into account
when recruiting staff members of mid to senior level and ensure that sufficient resources are
available for providing appropriate trainings and career development to develop a pipeline of
potential successors to the Board and maintain gender diversity.

The Nomination Committee will set and review measurable objectives to implement the policy
and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   81
     Corporate Governance Report

     The current Board composition is analysed as follows based on the measurable objectives:

     Gender
     Male:                                                      7 Directors
     Female:                                                    2 Directors

     Age group
     31-40:                                                     5 Directors
     41-50:                                                     3 Directors
     51-60:                                                      1 Director

     Position
     Executive Directors:                                       4 Directors
     Non-executive Directors:                                   2 Directors
     Independent non-executive Directors:                       3 Directors

     Educational background
     Healthcare:                                                3 Directors
     Business administration:                                    1 Director
     Accounting and finance:                                    2 Directors
     Others:                                                    3 Directors

     Nationality
     Chinese:                                                   9 Directors

     Business experience
     Accounting and finance:                                    5 Directors
     Experience relevant to the Company’s business:             3 Directors
     Law:                                                        1 Director

     The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current Board composition has
     reached the objectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy.

     The Nomination Committee will review at least on a yearly basis the Board Diversity Policy and
     measurable objectives to ensure the sustained function and effectiveness of the Board.




82   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity at all levels of the Group. Among the 845 employees and
561 medical professionals (including full-time employees and part-time medical professionals)
of the Group as of December 31, 2025, 37.5% are males and 62.5% are females.The Board
believes that the Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees and considers
such gender diversity is satisfactory at the current stage. In order to continue to achieve
gender diversity among the employees, the Company is committed to creating favourable
conditions in the working environment to continuously attract employees of different genders to
the Group, thereby maintaining its position as a gender-balanced company. In this process, the
Company may face challenges in matching the availability of gender-specific personnel in the
human resources market with the education, experience and skills required for positions of the
Group. Despite these challenges, the Company is committed to maintaining a gender-balanced
workforce.

Directors’ Responsibility in respect of the Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial
statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The management has provided the Board with the relevant explanations and information
necessary for the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial statements of the
Company, which shall be submitted to the Board for approval. The Company will also provide
updates to all members of the Board on the Company’s performance, position and prospects.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities
on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   83
     Corporate Governance Report

     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditor of the Company,
     PricewaterhouseCoopers, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year
     ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:

     Service Category                                                     Charges paid/payable
                                                                                 (RMB million)

     Audit services                                                                          3.4

     IPO-related services                                                                      -

     Non-audit services
     PN730 and other consulting services                                                     0.1

     Total                                                                                   3.5


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Ms. HE Yingfei and Ms. ZHANG Xiao were appointed as the joint company secretaries of
     the Company with effect from May 2023 and are responsible for overseeing the company
     secretarial work of the Group. The primary contact person of Ms. ZHANG Xiao at the Company
     is Ms. HE Yingfei. Both Ms. HE Yingfei’s and Ms. ZHANG Xiao’s biographical details are set
     out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” in this
     annual report.

     In accordance with the requirements under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, both Ms. HE Yingfei
     and Ms. ZHANG Xiao confirmed that they have taken not less than 15 hours of relevant
     professional training during the year ended December 31, 2025.




84   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                Corporate Governance Report

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

In accordance with article 50 of the Articles of Association, Shareholders that hold, individually
or collectively, 10% or more of the Shares in the Company shall have the right to request in
writing the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting. The Board shall, in accordance
with relevant laws, administrative regulations, the Listing Rules, other securities regulatory
rules of the place where the Company’s Shares are listed and the Articles of Association,
give a written response on whether or not it agrees to convene such an extraordinary general
meeting within 10 days after receiving the proposal from the abovementioned Shareholders to
call such meeting.

If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, a notice of such meeting
shall be issued within five days after the resolution of the Board is passed. Any change made
to the original request in the notice shall be approved by the relevant Shareholders.

If the Board does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting, or fails to make
a response within 10 days upon receipt of the request, the Shareholder(s) individually or
collectively holding 10% or more of the shares of the Company shall have the right to propose
to the Audit Committee to convene the extraordinary general meeting. Such request shall be
made to the Audit Committee in writing.

If the Audit Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, a notice of such
meeting shall be issued within five days upon receipt of the request. Any change made to the
original request in the notice shall be approved by the relevant shareholders.

If the Audit Committee fails to issue the notice calling such a meeting within the period
specified hereinabove, it shall be deemed to have failed to convene and preside over such
meeting. The Shareholders that hold, individually or collectively, 10% of the Shares in the
Company for 90 consecutive days or a longer period may convene and preside over such
meeting.

Submitting Proposal at a General Meeting

Shareholders that hold, individually or collectively, 1% or more of the Shares in the Company
may make provisional proposals in writing to the convener 10 days prior to the date of
such meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting and
announce the contents of such provisional proposals within two days after receipt thereof,
and submit the same to the general meeting for consideration, provided that the provisional
proposals may not violate laws, administrative regulations or the provisions of the Articles of
Association, or fall within the scope of authority of the general meeting.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   85
     Corporate Governance Report

     Making Enquiries to the Board

     Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company for any enquiries put forward by the
     Board. The Company will normally not deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

     Contact Details

     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

     Address: Building 2, No. 2 Minzuyuan, Minzuyuan Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing (For the
              attention of the joint company secretaries)

     Email: information@rimag.com.cn

     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed
     written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address
     and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto.
     Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ COMMUNICATION POLICY AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for
     enhancing investor relations and investor’s understanding of the Group’s business performance
     and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders
     and in particular, through annual general meetings and extraordinary general meetings. At the
     annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet
     Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

     To safeguard the interests and rights of the Shareholders, a separate resolution should be
     proposed for each substantial issue at general meetings, including the election of individual
     Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to
     the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the
     Stock Exchange after each general meeting.




86   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                            Corporate Governance Report

The Company has established a range of channels for maintaining its ongoing dialogue with
the Shareholders, the details of which are set out below:

a)   Shareholders’ Enquiries

     •     Shareholders may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to
           the extent such information is publicly available.

     •     Shareholders may have access to the contact persons, email addresses and
           enquiry lines designated by the Company in order to enable them to make any
           query in respect of the Company.

b)   Corporate Communications

     •     “Corporate communications” refers to any documents issued or to be issued
           by the Company for information or action of Shareholders, which includes but
           are not limited to copies of the report of Directors and annual accounts and the
           auditor’s report, interim reports, meeting notices, circulars and proxy forms.
           Corporate communications will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and
           in both English and Chinese versions to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding.
           Shareholders are entitled to choose the language (either English or Chinese).

     •     Shareholders are encouraged to provide, among others, their email addresses to
           the Company to facilitate timely and effective communication.

c)   Company Website

     •     The Company has set a special column headed “Investor Relations” on its website
           (www.rimag.com.cn). Information on the Company’s website will be updated
           regularly.

     •     Information posted on the Stock Exchange by the Company will also be
           immediately published on the website of the Company. Such information includes,
           among others, financial statements, results announcements, circulars, notices of
           general meetings and relevant statements.

     •     All presentation materials provided together with the annual general meeting
           and results announcement of the Company for each year will be available on the
           website of the Company.

     •     All press releases and Shareholders’ communications will be available on the
           website of the Company.



                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   87
     Corporate Governance Report

     d)     Shareholders’ Meetings

            •      Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings, failure which, proxies
                   may be appointed to attend and vote at the meetings on their behalf.

            •      Appropriate arrangements will be made to the annual general meetings to
                   encourage Shareholders’ participation in such meetings.

            •      Procedures of the general meetings of the Company will be monitored and
                   reviewed on a regular basis, and amended if necessary to ensure Shareholders’
                   needs are satisfied to the maximum extent.

            •      Board members, in particular chairman of each committee under the Board/
                   chairman of the Board or its proxy, appropriate senior management and external
                   auditor will attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.

            •      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organized
                   by the Company to convey information concerning the Company, including latest
                   strategic planning, products and services.

     The Company keeps on promoting good investor relations and enhancing communication with
     the Shareholders and potential investors in order for them to better understand the Group’s
     business performance and strategies. The Board has reviewed the above policy during the
     Reporting Period and believes that Shareholders have sufficient means and channels to
     express their opinions to the Company and that the Shareholders’ communication policy of the
     Company has been effectively implemented during the Reporting Period.


     AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     In order to enhance the efficiency of daily business operations and decision-making, and in
     light of the amendments to the provisions of the new Company Law of the People’s Republic
     of China ( 《中華人民共和國公司法》          ) effective from July 1, 2024, the Shareholders approved,
     by way of special resolution at the extraordinary general meeting held on February 18,
     2025, amendments to the Articles of Association and its appendices (including the Rules of
     Procedure for Shareholders’ General Meetings, the Rules of Procedure for Meetings of the
     Board, and the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Supervisors). For details, please refer to
     the Company’s circular dated January 24, 2025 and its announcement dated February 18,
     2025.




88   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

Immediately following the completion of the placement of 9,750,000 new H shares under the
General Mandate, the registered capital of the Company was changed from RMB356,311,832
to RMB366,061,832, and the total number of issued shares was changed from 356,311,832
Shares to 366,061,832 Shares. To reflect the changes in registered capital and issued shares,
the Company made corresponding amendments to the Articles of Association. The registration
and filing procedures for such amendments with the Market Supervision Administration
of Ganjiang New Area were completed on May 19, 2025. For details, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated May 20, 2025.

Immediately following the completion of the placement of 35,000,000 new H Shares under the
General Mandate, the registered capital of the Company was changed from RMB366,061,832
to RMB401,061,832, and the total number of issued shares was changed from 366,061,832
shares to 401,061,832 shares. To reflect the changes in registered capital and issued
shares, the Company made corresponding amendments to the Articles of Association. The
Company applied for registration and filing of such amendments with the Market Supervision
Administration of Ganjiang New Area on September 5, 2025. For details, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated September 5, 2025.

To further improve corporate governance, in accordance with the Company Law of the People ’s
Republic of China (
                  《中華人民共和國公司法》            ), the Guidelines on Articles of Association of Listed
Companies (  《上市公司章程指引》         ), and other relevant laws, regulations, rules and normative
documents, the Shareholders approved, by way of special resolution at the extraordinary
general meeting held on January 13, 2026, the dissolution of the Board of Supervisors and
the abolishment of its Rules of Procedure. The functions of the Board of Supervisors shall be
exercised by the Audit Committee of the Board. Provisions relating to the Board of Supervisors
and its members in the Company’s rules and regulations shall no longer apply. At the same
time, amendments to the Articles of Association and its appendices (including the Rules of
Procedure for Shareholders’ Meetings and the Rules of Procedure for Meetings of the Board)
were approved. For details, please refer to the Company’s circular dated December 23, 2025
and its announcements dated December 8, 2025 and January 13, 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there was no change in the constitutional documents of the
Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

The latest Articles of Association is available on both the websites of the Company and of the
Stock Exchange.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   89
     Corporate Governance Report

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company is a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with
     limited liability. The payment and amount of any future dividend depend on the availability of
     dividends received from our subsidiaries.

     The Company did not pay or declare any dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
     Company’s dividend distribution record in the past may not be used as a reference or basis to
     determine the level of dividends that may be declared or paid by the Company in the future.

     Pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Company Law of the PRC, prior to the allocation of
     post-tax profits to shareholders, a company is mandated to make up any accrued losses and
     adhere to the prescribed extraction of statutory reserves based on regulatory requirements.
     Consequently, if the post-tax profits of a company prove insufficient to adequately offset
     extant losses, the company remains proscribed from distributing post-tax profits amongst its
     shareholders.

     Any proposed distribution of dividends shall be formulated by the Board and will be subject
     to approval in the Shareholders’ meeting. The Company does not currently have any
     pre-determined dividend payout ratio. A decision to declare or to pay any dividends in the
     future, and the amount of any such dividends, will depend on a number of factors, including
     the results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, payments by the subsidiaries of
     cash dividends to the Company, business prospects, statutory, regulatory and contractual
     restrictions on the Company’s declaration and payment of dividends and other factors that
     the Board may consider important. No dividend will be declared or payable except out of the
     Company’s profits and reserves lawfully available for distribution. There can be no assurance
     that dividends of any amount will be declared or distributed in any year.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board is fully aware that it is accountable for the risk management and internal control
     system to safeguard Shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets. The Board reviews
     the effectiveness of the system on an annual basis. According to the Board, such systems
     are designed to manage rather than eliminate the failure to achieve business objectives
     and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that there will be no material
     misrepresentation or loss.

     The Group has established a comprehensive risk management and internal control governance
     system with clear hierarchy and responsibilities, which consists of three levels, namely
     strategic decision-making level, operational management level and execution level.




90   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The strategic decision-making level includes the Board and the Audit Committee. The Board is
the highest decision-making body for risk management and internal control. It is responsible
for the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control work, and adopts
the reports on the management and internal control systems and their implementation in
respect of important risks involved in the strategy, operations and ESG of the Group. The Audit
Committee is responsible for overseeing risk management and internal control mechanisms
and guiding the Group’s management to implement an effective risk management system.

The operational management level includes the Risk Compliance Committee and the Internal
Audit and Compliance Center. The Risk Compliance Committee is responsible for researching,
discussing and organizing the implementation of risk management and internal control work,
and supervising all departments of the Group to establish and improve the risk management
and internal control system and operating mechanism. As the executive body of the Audit
Committee under the Board, the Internal Audit and Compliance Center is accountable to the
Board and is responsible for the internal audit and internal control of the Group.

The executive level consists of various business departments. Each business department
carries out daily risk management work in accordance with job requirements and reports
operational management issues that may affect risks to the internal audit and risk control
department in a timely manner.

The Company has established an internal audit department to review the Company’s financial
position, operating conditions, risk management, compliance monitoring and internal controls.
The management is responsible for performing risk assessments and implementing and
maintaining internal controls. It is essential to the risk management and internal control system
that clearly and properly written policies and procedures are established and communicated to
employees.

The Board reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control
systems at least once a year through the Audit Committee, including the adequacy of the
Company’s resources, the qualifications and experience of its staff, its training programmes
and budget for the accounting and financial reporting functions, and considers the risk
management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate. During the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Board reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management
and internal control systems through the Audit Committee, including the adequacy of the
Company’s resources, the qualifications and experience of its staff, its training programmes
and budget for the accounting and financial reporting functions, covering financial control,
operational control, compliance control and risk management functions, and considered the
risk management and internal control systems to be effective and adequate.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   91
     Corporate Governance Report

     The risk management and internal control systems have been integrated into the business
     processes and become an integral part of the Company’s overall operations. The system
     includes a comprehensive organizational structure in which each position is assigned clear
     responsibilities and delegated appropriate authority. The Company has established a reporting
     system in accordance with the organizational structure, which includes a channel for the heads
     of each major business unit to report to the Board.

     The Company has established risk management and internal control system and an accounting
     system to identify and assess the Company’s risks, develop strategies to mitigate the risks,
     and provide reasonable assurance that assets are not used or sold without authorization,
     that transactions are carried out with the management’s authorization, and that the accounts
     can be reliably used to prepare the financial information in the business for publication,
     maintain accountability for assets and liabilities, and ensure that the business is conducted in
     accordance with the relevant statutes, regulations and internal guidelines.

     The Company has an organizational structure with clear lines of authority and responsibility.
     Each department is responsible for its day-to-day operations and is required to report regularly
     to the executive Directors. Each department has established policies and procedures, which
     include establishing and maintaining effective policies to ensure that the Company’s risks are
     properly identified and that appropriate action is taken to manage those risks; establishing
     a structure with clear lines of authority and responsibility and proper segregation of duties;
     monitoring the strategic plan and performance, designing an effective accounting and
     information system; controlling sensitive information affecting the price of the shares; and
     ensuring that fast and timely communications are maintained with the Company’s stakeholders.

     The Company has devoted itself to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal
     control systems consisting of policies and procedures that it considers to be appropriate for
     the business operations. The Company is dedicated to continuously improving these systems,
     developing a risk management culture and raising the risk management awareness of all
     employees.

     The Company has adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in
     various aspects of the business operations, specifically:

     •      Establishing the investment decision-making committee and the risk compliance
            committee to control external investment and compliance management risks;

     •      Establishing the project evaluation committee to ensure the quality and investment return
            of the imaging center investment projects and reduce the business and compliance risks
            of each project;




92   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance Report

•     Providing continuous anti-corruption and anti-bribery compliance training for employees
      to improve their awareness of laws and regulations and urge them to comply with laws
      and regulations in their daily work; and

•     Arranging Directors and senior management to participate in training seminars on Listing
      Rules and responsibilities as directors of Hong Kong listed companies.

Based on the internal control review conducted during the year ended December 31, 2025,
the Board, after reviewing, is of the opinion that the Company’s risk management and internal
control systems were effective and adequate during the Reporting Period.

Whistleblowing Policy

The Company has a whistleblowing policy in place for employees of the Company and others
who deal with the Company to raise their concerns, covertly and anonymously, with the Audit
Committee about any possible improprieties regarding the Company.

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy

To maintain the Company’s reputation and integrity, it has formulated anti-corruption
policies and established an anti-bribery and gift system, requiring all employees to carry out
business or activities in line with the relevant laws and regulations. The Company includes the
agreement on integrity and prevention of work-related crimes as an annex to an employee’s
labor contract, which should be signed as part of the onboarding process. Employees who
violate the above internal policies or systems may be dismissed.

Additionally, the Company has formulated a series of reimbursement and payment policies,
which define the approval authority, standardized approval procedures and the fee cap of
reimbursement for entertainment, travel and other expenses.

The Company has also established a comprehensive contract approval management system
to help the management in reviewing and supervising important and material business-related
contracts. The Company requires its material business partners and employees to comply with
relevant anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations to ensure that its employees,
suppliers and customers conduct business legally and ethically. The Company includes
anti-bribery and anti-corruption clauses in its agreements, which prohibit our employees,
suppliers and customers from offering unauthorized payments, such as bribes, kickbacks, or
benefits in the form of cash, gift card, travel and securities, among other things, to each other
in violation of the applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   93
     Corporate Governance Report

     During the Reporting Period, none of the employees or material business partners of the
     Company had become the subject of any complaint, investigation or regulatory enquiry or
     otherwise been involved in any bribery or kickback arrangements.

     Release of Inside Information

     To enhance the Company’s system for handling and releasing inside information and ensure
     the authenticity, accuracy, completeness and timeliness of its public disclosure, the Company
     has adopted and implemented inside information policies and procedures. The Company has
     from time to time taken a number of reasonable steps to ensure that it is in possession of
     potential inside information and to maintain the confidentiality of such information, with a view
     to preventing breaches of the disclosure requirements relating to the Company, including:

     •      Access to the information is limited to a small number of employees on a “need-to-know”
            basis. Employees in possession of inside information are fully aware of their duty of
            confidentiality.

     •      Confidentiality agreements will be entered into when the Company engages in significant
            negotiations.

     •      Different operating units have reporting channels to report potential inside information to
            the designated departments.

     •      The executive Director is the designated person who speaks on behalf of the Company
            when communicating with external parties such as the media, analysts or investors and
            responding to external inquiries.




94   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

The Board is pleased to present the report of the Board of Directors together with the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.


LIST OF DIRECTORS
The list of Directors during the Reporting Period and as of the date of this annual report is as
follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. HE Yingfei
Mr. FENG Xie
Mr. LI Feiyu

Non-executive Directors

Mr. LIU Senlin
Mr. GUO Tao

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. WU Xiaohui
Mr. LUO Yi
Ms. CHEN Yifei


GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company was established under the laws of the PRC as a joint stock company with limited
liability on October 30, 2014, subsequently converted into a limited liability company on July
15, 2016 and further converted into a joint stock company with limited liability in the PRC on
June 30, 2021. The H Shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange since June 7, 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, the Group is the only
operator and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging services
and value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. During the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Group generated revenue primarily from: (i) imaging center services; (ii)
imaging solution services; and (iii) digital-intelligent services.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   95
     Report of the Board of Directors

     Please refer to the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement”, “Management Discussion
     and Analysis”, “Corporate Governance Report” and “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
     Statements” of this annual report and sub-section headed “Principal Risks and Uncertainties”
     in this report for a true and fair review of the Group’s business and analysis using financial key
     performance indicators, a description of the key risks and uncertainties faced by the Group
     and discussion of potential future development of the Group’s business.


     SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     Details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 41 to the Consolidated Financial
     Statements in this annual report.


     BUSINESS REVIEW AND RESULTS
     A review of the business and future prospects of the Group during the year ended December
     31, 2025 are provided in the sections headed “Business Review” and “Future Development and
     Strategies” under “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. An analysis
     of the Group’s financial performance during the year ended December 31, 2025 is provided in
     the section headed “Financial Review” under “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this
     annual report.

     The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the Consolidated
     Financial Statements and their notes in this annual report.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the consolidated operating results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for
     the last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited Consolidated Financial
     Statements, is set out in the section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report. This
     summary does not form part of the audited Consolidated Financial Statements.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The following is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Group,
     some of which are beyond its control:

     •      We may be unable to expand effectively, which may materially and adversely affect our
            business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects;

     •      Opening of new imaging centers could result in fluctuations in our short-term financial
            performance. Newly established imaging centers may not achieve normal operation as
            anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
            operations and prospects;




96   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                     Report of the Board of Directors

•     As a provider of imaging center services, we have close business relationships with
      hospitals. If any such hospital decides to terminate or not to renew our business
      agreements, or we are unable to enter into business agreements with more hospitals, our
      business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted;

•     We operate in a highly competitive market, and if we do not compete effectively, our
      business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be harmed;

•     With the development of market conditions and technology, we may not develop and
      successfully market new and advanced commercially viable services, and we may not
      price our new services at a favorable level, any of which would materially and adversely
      affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; and

•     Our business is subject to complex and ever-changing laws and regulations. Any adverse
      changes in the regulatory regimes relating to the healthcare industry in the locations
      where we operate could limit our ability to provide our products and services, which
      would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
      operations.

The above is not an exhaustive list of the risks that the Group’s business faces. Please refer to
the section entitled “Risk Factors” of the Prospectus for other risks and uncertainties faced by
the Group.

The Company considers that risk management is essential to the efficient and effective
operation of the Group. The Company’s management assists the Board in assessing significant
internal and external risks arising from the Group’s business, including operational risks,
financial risks, regulatory risks, etc., and actively establishes appropriate risk management and
internal control mechanisms and incorporates them into daily operational management.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group consistently prioritizes the monitoring of environmental, social, and corporate
governance (“ESG”) practices and strives to incorporate them into its day-to-day operations.
The Group recognizes its obligations towards environmental preservation and social
responsibility, firmly believing that the integration of ESG principles is vital for its long-term
business growth.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   97
     Report of the Board of Directors

     The Group has established an ESG Policy, which encompasses the following elements:
     (i) effective risk governance pertaining to ESG matters, including environmental, social,
     and climate-related risks; (ii) identification of key stakeholders and the establishment of
     communication channels to engage with them; (iii) a well-defined ESG governance structure;
     (iv) procedures for formulating its ESG strategy; (v) ESG risk management and monitoring
     protocols; and (vi) identification of key performance indicators (KPIs), along with relevant
     measurements and mitigation measures. The Board will have the overall responsibility for
     reviewing, approving, and adopting the ESG Policy, as well as the targets and strategies of
     the Group. Furthermore, it will provide oversight for the implementation of the ESG Policy,
     make necessary revisions to the overall ESG strategies as deemed appropriate, and effectively
     manage other significant ESG-related matters.

     For further details of the Company’s environmental performance and relationship with its
     employees and suppliers, please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of
     the Company. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company for 2025 will
     be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the websites of the
     Company and the Stock Exchange.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Board, the Group has
     complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
     impact on the Group.


     RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees,
     customers and suppliers to meet its immediate and long-term goals. The Group maintains a
     good relationship with employees, customers and suppliers. During the year ended December
     31, 2025, there were no material and significant dispute between the Group and its employees,
     customers and/or suppliers.




98   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

Employees

As of December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 845 employees across all companies
under its operation, including 561 medical professionals (including full-time employees and
part-time medical professionals). The Group is committed to establishing competitive and fair
remuneration. In order to effectively motivate the employees, the Group continually refines its
remuneration and incentive policies through market research. The Group conducts performance
evaluation of the employees semiannually to provide feedback on their performance.
Compensation for the employees typically consists of basic salary and a performance-based
bonus. The Group provides social insurance plans and housing provident funds in accordance
with applicable PRC laws and regulations to the employees. The Group pays great attention
to the employees’ welfare, and continually improves its welfare system. The Group offers
employees additional benefits such as annual leave, stipend, supplementary medical insurance,
annuity, health examinations and medical insurance for family members, among other things.

Customers

The Group continually strives to improve the customers’ level of satisfaction by offering quality
customer services. The Group arranges follow-up interviews with patients and other healthcare
consumers of its imaging centers to assess the quality of the imaging services provided, and
to seek their suggestions and advice. Patients and other healthcare consumers can submit
complaints verbally or in writing at the imaging centers or via the designated email address or
hotlines.

Suppliers

In selection of the suppliers, the Group takes into consideration the customer demands for
specific equipment and relevant specification, functionality or modality, among other things,
to ascertain the scope of suppliers with the capabilities to meet such demands. In addition,
leveraging the Group’s rich experience in the medical imaging industry and deep understanding
of various types of medical imaging equipment, it has established sound supply chain
management capabilities to select the most suitable supplier with strong service capabilities,
solid track record and favorable cooperation terms to ensure the quality and stability of
products and services it provides.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   99
      Report of the Board of Directors

      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      The revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers for the year ended December
      31, 2025 accounted for approximately 23.6% of the Group’s total revenue. The revenue
      attributable to the Group’s largest customer for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted
      for approximately 8.4% of the Group’s total revenue.

      The aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers for the year ended
      December 31, 2025 accounted for approximately 34.5% of the Group’s total purchases. The
      aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier for the year ended December
      31, 2025 accounted for approximately 20.6% of the Group’s total purchases.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors and, to the knowledge of
      the Directors, their respective close associates or any Shareholders holding more than 5% of
      the Company’s issued share capital had any interests in any of its five largest customers or
      suppliers.


      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or PRC laws
      which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing
      Shareholders.


      TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
      The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders by
      reason of their holding of the Company’s Shares.


      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      Details of the properties, plant and equipment of the Group and their movements during
      the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
      Statements.


      DONATION
      For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations of approximately
      RMB3,000. For further details, please refer to the Company’s 2025 Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report.




100   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                  Report of the Board of Directors

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased a total of 5,481,000
Shares (“Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange, with a total consideration (excluding
fees) of HK$83,112,610. The details of the Repurchased Shares are as follows:

                                    Number of                                     Total
                                  Repurchased     Price paid per Share    consideration
Month                                  Shares      Highest     Lowest (before expenses)
                                                      (HK$)      (HK$)    (HK$)

May 2025                                535,500        19.84          16.68              9,905,170
June 2025                               310,500        14.52          13.38              4,311,870
November 2025                         3,600,000        17.40          14.86             58,928,760
December 2025                         1,035,000        10.46           8.86              9,966,810
Total                                 5,481,000        19.84           8.86             83,112,610


As at December 31, 2025, 5,481,000 treasury shares were held by the Company, which are
intended for purposes such as employee incentives, and sale or transfer to obtain working
capital, subject to actual decisions of the Board.

The Board believes that the share repurchase under the current circumstances can
demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its business outlook and prospects and will
ultimately benefit the Company and its Shareholders.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, none of the members of the Group
has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale of
treasury shares).




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   101
      Report of the Board of Directors

      SHARE CAPITAL
      Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended December 31,
      2025 are set out in Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


      H SHARE FULL CIRCULATION
      As updated on CSRC’s website on August 29, 2025, on August 25, 2025, the CSRC accepted
      the filing application made by the Company in respect of the H Share Full Circulation of
      104,183,758 unlisted shares of the Company held by certain shareholders of the Company. As
      of the Latest Practicable Date, the H Share Full Circulation remains subject to the obtaining of
      all relevant approvals, including the filing notice of the CSRC, and the Conversion and Listing.
      For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated July 28, 2025 and
      September 4, 2025.


      DIVIDEND
      The Board does not recommend the distribution of any final dividend for the year ended
      December 31, 2025. The Board is not aware of any Shareholders having waived or agreed to
      waive any dividend.


      DEBENTURE AND CONVERTIBLE BOND ISSUED
      The Group did not issue any debenture or any convertible bond for the year ended December
      31, 2025.


      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
      No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended
      December 31, 2025.


      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
      The Company has maintained directors’ liability insurance to protect the Directors of the
      Company against any potential losses arising from his/her actual or alleged misconduct. During
      the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the Latest Practicable Date, permitted indemnity
      provision (as defined in section 9 of the Companies (Directors’ Report) Regulation (Chapter
      622D of the Laws of Hong Kong)) was and is being in force for the benefit of the Directors of
      the Company.




102   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year ended December 31,
2025 are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements of this annual report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had no reserves available for distribution.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set
out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report and
Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
The Company has entered into a service contract with each of the Directors and Supervisors in
respect of, among other things, compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, the Articles
of Association and applicable provisions on arbitration. Pursuant to Articles 97 and 141 of the
Articles of Association, the Directors and Supervisors shall serve a term of three years and
may serve a consecutive term if re-elected upon expiration of their term of office.

Save as disclosed above, the Company has not entered, and does not propose to enter into
any service contracts with any of the Directors or Supervisors in their respective capacities as
Directors or Supervisors (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within
one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation)).

The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are
disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN                                      TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, no transactions, arrangements and contracts of
significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or a Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted for the year ended December 31,
2025 and as at December 31, 2025.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   103
      Report of the Board of Directors

      INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
      During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors had any interest in a business
      which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Company’s
      business which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.


      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial
      part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended
      December 31, 2025.


      DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR
      DEBENTURES
      As of December 31, 2025, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective spouses or
      minor children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or had exercised any such
      rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the Company. No
      member of the Group was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors, Supervisors
      or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire such rights
      from any other body corporates.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not grant any rights to acquire
      benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors
      or Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under 18, and none of them has
      exercised such rights.


      CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
      RULES
      During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company does not have any other disclosure
      obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




104   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Report of the Board of Directors

DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at December 31, 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and
chief executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the
Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such Directors,
Supervisors and chief executive(s) of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

(a)   Interest in Shares

                                                                                                       Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                      Number             percentage        percentage
                      Position in the            Nature of                         and type of       of the relevant       of the total
      Name            Company                    interest                        Shares held(1)    type of Shares(1)   issued Shares(1)
                                                                                                                 (%)               (%)

      CHEN Zhaoyang   Chairman of the Board,     Interest in controlled             18,173,291                 6.18               4.53
       (陳朝陽)(2)        Executive Director          corporation                     H Shares (L)
                       and Chief Executive
                       Officer
                                                 Beneficial interest                    381,000                0.13               0.09
                                                                                    H Shares (L)
                                                 Interest in controlled              39,625,297               37.06               9.88
                                                   corporation               Unlisted Shares (L)
      HE Yingfei      Executive Director, Vice   Beneficial interest                     51,000                0.02               0.01
       (何英飛)            President, Joint                                            H Shares (L)
                        Company Secretary
                        and Secretary to the
                        Board
      FENG Xie        Executive Director, Vice   Beneficial interest                    45,000                 0.02               0.00
        (馮勰)            President and Chief                                        H Shares (L)
                        Financial Officer




                                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025               105
      Report of the Board of Directors

             Notes:


             (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 401,061,832 Shares (comprising
                      106,933,758 Unlisted Shares and 294,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at December 31, 2025.


             (2)      As of December 31, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform,
                      directly held 57,798,588 Shares (comprising 18,173,291 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares),
                      whose general partner is Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the
                      57,798,588 Shares held by Ganjiang New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


             (L)      Long position.


      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, to the best of the Company’s knowledge,
      information and belief, none of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company
      had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
      debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
      XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
      pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) to be entered in the register required
      to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be
      notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
      SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
      As at December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors or chief executives of the
      Company, the interests or short positions of the following persons (other than the Directors,
      Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) in the Shares, underlying Shares of the
      Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
      which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
      Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such
      persons other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken
      or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in
      the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as
      follows:




106   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                                 Report of the Board of Directors


                                                                                                                   Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                                                     percentage         percentage
                                                                                             Number and type of the relevant        of total issued
Name of Shareholder                                       Nature of interest                  of Shares held(1) type of Shares(1)          Shares(1)
                                                                                                                            (%)                 (%)

Ganjiang New Area Rimag(2)                                Beneficial interest                        18,173,291             6.18               4.53
                                                                                                    H Shares (L)
                                                                                                     39,625,297            37.06               9.88
                                                                                             Unlisted Shares (L)
PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P.                       Beneficial Interest                        16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金(有限合夥))(3)                                                                         H Shares (L)
PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd.                  Interest in controlled corporation         16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (人保資本股權投資有限公司)(3)                                                                                 H Shares (L)
PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd.         Interest in controlled corporation         16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (人保資本保險資產管理有限公司)(3)                                                                               H Shares (L)
PICC Life Insurance Company Limited                       Interest in controlled corporation         16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司)(3)                                                                               H Shares (L)
PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited                Interest in controlled corporation         16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (中國人民財產保險股份有限公司)(3)                                                                               H Shares (L)
The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited   Interest in controlled corporation         16,834,403             5.72               4.20
  (中國人民保險集團股份有限公司)(3)                                                                               H Shares (L)
Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment    Beneficial Interest                        20,907,814             7.11               5.21
  Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                                      H Shares (L)
  (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(4)




                                                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                   107
      Report of the Board of Directors


                                                                                                                              Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage         percentage
                                                                                                        Number and type of the relevant        of total issued
      Name of Shareholder                                          Nature of interest                    of Shares held(1) type of Shares(1)          Shares(1)
                                                                                                                                       (%)                 (%)

      Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment         Interest in controlled corporation         20,907,814               7.11               5.21
        Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                                         H Shares (L)
        (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(4)
      Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment       Interest in controlled corporation         20,907,814               7.11               5.21
        Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                                                    H Shares (L)
        (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥))(4)
      Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司)(4)                                  Interest in controlled corporation         20,907,814               7.11               5.21
                                                                                                             H Shares (L)
      China Life Insurance Company Limited                         Interest in controlled corporation         20,907,814               7.11               5.21
       (中國人壽保險股份有限公司)(4)                                                                                     H Shares (L)
      Ganjiang New Area Innovation Industry Investment Co., Ltd.   Beneficial interest                        14,558,319              13.61               3.63
       (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公司)(5)                                                                            Unlisted Shares (L)
      Ganjiang New Area Urban Construction Industry Co., Ltd.      Interest in controlled corporation         14,558,319              13.61               3.63
       (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司)(5)                                                                            Unlisted Shares (L)
      Ganjiang Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (贛江控股集團有限公司)(5)            Interest in controlled corporation         14,558,319              13.61               3.63
                                                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
      Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd.                  Interest in controlled corporation         14,558,319              13.61               3.63
        (江西省投資集團有限公司)(5)                                                                              Unlisted Shares (L)
      State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration             Interest in controlled corporation         16,055,834              15.01               4.00
        Commission of Jiangxi Province                                                                Unlisted Shares (L)
        (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會)(5)
      GU Junjun                                                    Beneficial interest                         9,758,849               9.13               2.43
                                                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
      WANG Shihe                                                   Beneficial interest                         9,755,070               9.12               2.43
                                                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
      Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd.                 Beneficial interest                         9,317,271               8.71               2.32
        (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司)(6)                                                                             Unlisted Shares (L)
      Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd.                Interest in controlled corporation          9,317,271               8.71               2.32
        (浙江金科湯姆貓文化產業股份有限公司)(6)                                                                        Unlisted Shares (L)

      Notes:


      (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 401,061,832 Shares (comprising 106,933,758
               Unlisted Shares and 294,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at December 31, 2025.


      (2)      As of December 31, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly
               held 57,798,588 Shares (comprising 18,173,291 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general
               partner is Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 57,798,588 Shares held
               by Ganjiang New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


108   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                             Report of the Board of Directors

(3)   As of December 31, 2025, PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P. (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金(有限合夥))
      directly held 16,834,403 H Shares, which is controlled as to 66.47%, 33.23% and 100% by PICC Life Insurance
      Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中國人民財
      產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) (as its general
      partner), respectively. PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) is 100% controlled
      by PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有限公司). Each of PICC Life
      Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中
      國人民財產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有
      限公司) is controlled by The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (中國人民保險集團股份有限
      公司) as to 71.08%, 68.98% and 100%, respectively.


(4)   As of December 31, 2025, Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment Management Partnership
      (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) directly held 20,907,814 H Shares,
      which is 79.77% controlled by Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) and also 100% controlled by Ningbo Meishan
      Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅
      投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited
      Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is in turn 99.98% controlled by China Life Insurance
      Company Limited (中國人壽保險股份有限公司). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment
      Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) is in turn
      60% controlled by Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司).


(5)   As of December 31, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Innovation Industry Investment Co., Ltd. (贛江新區創新產業
      投資有限公司) directly held 14,558,319 Unlisted Shares. It is 100% controlled by Ganjiang New Area Urban
      Construction Industry Co., Ltd. (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司), which is in turn 100% controlled by Ganjiang
      Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (贛江控股集團有限公司), a company 90% controlled by Jiangxi Province Investment
      Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限公司). Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有
      限公司) is 90% controlled by the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangxi
      Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會). In addition, the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration
      Commission of Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會) is also interested in 1,497,515 Unlisted Shares
      through its 91.05% controlled Jiangxi State-owned Capital Operation Holding Group Co. Ltd (江西省國有資本運
      營控股集團有限公司).


(6)   As of December 31, 2025, Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd. (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司) directly
      held 9,317,271 Unlisted Shares, a company controlled by Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd. (浙江金
      科湯姆貓文化產業股份有限公司).


(L)   Long position.


(S)   Short position.




                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   109
      Report of the Board of Directors

      Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, no person (other than the Directors,
      Supervisors and chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests
      or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares of the Company or any of its associated
      corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified the
      Company or the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which
      were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
      Section 336 of the SFO).


      SHARE AWARD SCHEME

      The Company has adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) for H Shares
      of the Company by a resolution of the Shareholders on October 21, 2024 (the “Adoption
      Date”). The Share Award Scheme does not involve the grant of new Shares or options over
      new Shares of the Company. However, the Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme
      funded by existing Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and shall be subject to the
      applicable disclosure requirements under Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.

      A summary of the principal rules of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

      (A)    Purposes

             The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are:

             (i)     to provide opportunities to own equity interests in the Company so as to attract,
                     incentivize and retain skilled and experienced persons to contribute for the future
                     development and expansion of the Group;

             (ii)    to improve the Company’s incentive mechanism so as to attract, incentivize and
                     retain Directors, Supervisors, senior management, core employees and service
                     providers who make strong contributions to the Company’s ongoing operation,
                     development and long-term growth; and

             (iii)   to closely align the interests of incentive recipients with the interests of
                     Shareholders, investors and the Company, so as to enhance the Company’s
                     cohesion and promote the maximization of the Company’s value.




110   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                     Report of the Board of Directors

(B)   Duration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years
      commencing on the Adoption Date, after which period no further award (the “Award(s)”)
      may be granted, but the rules of the Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme Rules”) shall
      remain in full force and effect in all other respects to the extent necessary to give effect
      to the vesting of any Award made prior thereto.

(C)   Administration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the following
      administrative bodies:

      (i)    Shareholders ’ Meeting . The general meeting of the Shareholders, as the highest
             organ of authority of the Company, is responsible for the consideration and
             approval of the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. The general meeting of the
             Shareholders may authorise the Board and/or the person(s) or a committee of the
             Board authorised by the Board (the “Authorised Person”) to deal with all relevant
             matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme to the extent of its authority.

      (ii)   The Board . The Board and/or its Authorised Person is the executive body of
             the Share Award Scheme, within their respective power of authority. The Board
             and/or its Authorised Person may handle all matters pertaining to the Share
             Award Scheme within the authorization granted by the general meeting of the
             Shareholders. The Board and/or its Authorised Person may also delegate one or
             more administrators to assist with the administration of the Share Award Scheme.
             The decisions of the Board and/or its Authorised Person on all relevant matters
             relating to the Share Award Scheme within their respective power of authority are
             final and binding on all persons under the Share Award Scheme.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   111
      Report of the Board of Directors

      (D)    Eligible Participants

             The eligible participants of the Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participant(s)”)
             include:

             (i)     employee participants, who shall be full-time employee of the Group, Director
                     (including independent non-executive Director), Supervisor or senior officer of the
                     Company;

             (ii)    related entity participants, who shall be senior officers of the fellow subsidiaries or
                     associated companies of the Group (other than members of the Group); and

             (iii)   service providers and business partners participants, who shall be the Group’s
                     service providers or suppliers in the ordinary and usual course of business and on
                     a continuing or recurring basis which are in the interests of the long-term growth
                     of the Group, or business partners such as former shareholders of the Group’s
                     acquisition or merger targets.

             No one shall be regarded as an Eligible Participant and granted any Award if there exists
             any of the following circumstances on the date of grant of an Award (the “Grant Date”):

             (i)     being publicly reprimanded by securities regulators or declared as an unsuitable
                     candidate for comparable award scheme or share incentive scheme of any listed
                     company in the past 12 months;

             (ii)    being penalised by securities regulators or prohibited from trading in securities in
                     the past 12 months due to material violation of laws and regulations;

             (iii)   being prohibited from acting as director, supervisor or senior management as
                     stipulated in the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (
                                                                                    《中華人民共和國
                     公司法》    ) or the Listing Rules;

             (iv)    being prohibited from participating in the Share Award Scheme as stipulated by
                     laws and regulations; and

             (v)     having other material breach of the relevant regulations of the Group or behaviors
                     the Board deems seriously detrimental to the interests of the Group.




112   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                 Report of the Board of Directors

If on or before the vesting date of the relevant Award (the “Vesting Date”), any eligible
participant selected for the grant of Awards (the “Grantee(s)”) ceases to be an Eligible
Participant due to the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, then:

(i)     where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of his/her
        departure from the Company by reason of resignation, expiration or termination of
        his/her employment, any H Shares granted to the Grantees (the “Award Share(s)”)
        but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to the trustee appointed for
        the purpose of the Share Award Scheme (the “Trustee”) as returned Shares (the
        “Returned Share(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine
        otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion;

(ii)    where the Grantee retires by virtue of reaching the statutory retirement age and
        ceases to be an Eligible Participant, any Award Shares granted but not yet vested
        shall be immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares, unless the
        Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and absolute
        discretion;

(iii)   where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of being
        incapacitated or deceased due to accident, any Award Shares granted but not yet
        vested shall be immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares, unless
        the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and
        absolute discretion;

(iv)    where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of being
        incapacitated or deceased in the course of employment, any Award Shares granted
        but not yet vested shall continue to vest to the Grantee or the legal personal
        representative of his/her estate on the Vesting Date as set forth in the letter of the
        grant of an Award (the “Grant Letter”), or in accordance with such other vesting
        procedures as the Board and/or its Authorised Person may determine, and the
        personal performance target shall no longer be a vesting condition of the relevant
        Award (the “Vesting Condition(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person
        determine otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion. If the Grantee does not
        have a legal personal representative for his/her estate, any Award Share shall be
        immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares;




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   113
      Report of the Board of Directors

             (v)    where the Grantee changes position and departs for any of the following reasons,
                    including:

                    a.     breach of laws or professional ethics or leakage of the Group’s confidential
                           information;

                    b.     damage to the interests or reputation of the Group due to misconduct or
                           malfeasance;

                    c.     material breach of any agreement between the Group and the Grantee
                           (including, without limitation, any applicable intellectual property rights
                           vesting agreement, employment contract, non-competition agreement,
                           confidentiality agreement or other similar agreement);

                    d.     any other circumstances determined by the Company resulting in termination
                           of the employment contract due to breach of the Group’s relevant policies,

                    any Award Shares granted but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to
                    the Trustee as Returned Shares, and in the event of material breach or detriment,
                    the Group reserves the right to claim suffered losses against such Grantee, unless
                    the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and
                    absolute discretion.

      (E)    Scheme Mandate Limit and Grant of Awards

             The maximum number of Award Shares that can be awarded under the Share Award
             Scheme must not exceed 10% of the number of all Shares in issue as at the Adoption
             Date (which shall be 35,631,183 Shares, representing 9.01% of the total number of
             issued Shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the Latest Practicable
             Date, the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the
             Share Award Scheme shall not be counted for the purposes of calculating the Scheme
             Mandate Limit.

             The maximum number of awards granted to individual Grantee(s) under the Share Award
             Scheme shall not exceed the Scheme Mandate Limit.

             The Company shall issue the Grant Letter to each Grantee, in such form as the Board
             and/or its Authorised Person may from time to time determine, specifying the applicable
             terms of grant, including but not limited to the Grant Date, procedure of accepting the
             grant of Awards, the number of Award Shares, the Vesting Conditions, the Vesting Date
             and the grant price (if applicable) and other details, terms and conditions they think
             necessary and suitable to the Share Award Scheme.



114   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                        Report of the Board of Directors

(F)   Limitations

      No grant of Awards may be made in the following circumstances:

      (i)      where necessary approval from applicable regulatory authorities or the general
               meeting of Shareholders has not been obtained;

      (ii)     where, unless the Board determines otherwise, any member of the Group is
               required to issue a prospectus or other offering document in accordance with
               applicable securities laws, rules or regulations for the Award or the Share Award
               Scheme;

      (iii)    where such Award would cause any member of the Group or its Directors to be in
               breach of any applicable securities laws, rules or regulations in any jurisdiction;

      (iv)     where the grant of such Award would result in a breach of the Scheme Mandate
               Limit;

      (v)      after the expiration of the duration or early termination of the Share Award Scheme
               in accordance with the Scheme Rules;

      (vi)     where any Director is in possession of unpublished inside information (as defined
               in the SFO) of the Company, or in the reasonable opinion of the Directors, there
               exists any inside information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
               13.09(2)(a) of the Listing Rules and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined
               in the Listing Rules) under Part XIVA of the SFO, or the Directors are prohibited
               from dealing in accordance with the Listing Rules or any applicable laws, rules or
               regulations;

      (vii)    sixty (60) days immediately preceding the publication date of the annual results of
               the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial year up to
               the publication date of the results; and

      (viii)   thirty (30) days immediately preceding the publication date of the quarter results (if
               any) and interim results of the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the
               relevant quarterly or interim period up to the publication date of the results.




                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   115
      Report of the Board of Directors

      (G)    Source of Awards and Fund

             To satisfy the grant of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person shall, so far as
             reasonably practicable, wire transfer the required fund to the Trustee (or instruct the
             Trustee to use the cash income of the trust set up for the purpose of the Share Award
             Scheme (the “Trust”), and instruct the Trustee to purchase H Shares through on-market
             or off-market transactions.

             The Board and/or its Authorised Person shall also instruct the Trustee on whether to use
             any Returned Shares to satisfy the grant of Awards. The Board and/or its Authorised
             Person may set out any conditions or terms in the instructions given to the Trustee for
             the purchase of H Shares, including but not limited to the specific purchase price or
             price range, the maximum amount of purchase fund and/or the maximum number of H
             Shares to be purchased.

             The source of fund for purchasing the Award Shares shall be the Group’s internal funds
             or the cash income of the Trust.

      (H)    Vesting of Awards

             The vesting of Awards shall be subject to the Company’s performance targets (as
             determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person from time to time with reference
             to the Company’s business performance and financial conditions and the then market
             conditions) and other vesting conditions set forth in the relevant Grant Letter.

             The Vesting Period shall be determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person and
             set forth in the Grant Letter. Each Vesting Period shall be not less than twelve (12)
             months, unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole
             discretion.

             For the purposes of vesting of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person may
             instruct and procure the Trustee to (i) release the Award Shares from the Trust to
             the Grantee or (ii) sell the Award Shares vested to the Grantee through on-market or
             off-market transactions and pay to the Grantee the actual sale price (after deduction of
             all applicable expenses) in cash.




116   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

(I)   Lapse of Awards

      If any Grantee fails to fulfil the Vesting Conditions, the relevant Award Shares shall
      be immediately forfeited and become the Returned Shares held by the Trustee. The
      decisions of the Board and/or its Authorised Person on whether the Vesting Conditions
      are fulfilled shall be irrevocable and final.

(J)   Voting Rights and Dividends

      Neither the Grantees nor the Trustee may exercise any voting rights attached to any
      H Shares (including any Award Shares granted but not yet vested) held by the Trustee
      under the Trust.

      Any dividend on the Award Shares not yet vested and the Returned Shares shall be
      retained by the Trustee as the cash income of the Trust. Grantees shall be entitled to any
      dividend on vested Award Shares incurred after their vesting.

(K)   Alteration and Termination

      Subject to the Scheme Mandate Limit, any alteration or supplement to the Share Award
      Scheme in any respect shall be made by the resolution of the Board.

      The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of ten (10)
      years from the Adoption Date (except in respect of any Award Shares granted but not yet
      vested prior to the expiration of the Share Award Scheme, to give effect to the vesting
      of such Award Shares, or otherwise provided by the Scheme Rules), and (ii) such date of
      early termination as determined by the Board.

As the Share Award Scheme is payable only with existing Shares, no Shares will be available
for issuance under the Share Award Scheme. As at the date of this annual report, the
remaining term of the Share Award Scheme is approximately eight years and six months.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   117
      Report of the Board of Directors

      The details of the Awarded Shares granted to the Directors and employees of the Company are
      as follows:

                                                                                      Unvested and                                                   Unvested
                                                                                         subject to                                             and subject to
                                                                                         release of                                                 release of
                                                                         Number of          lock-up   Granted     Vested Cancelled      Lapsed         lock-up
                                                                         underlying    condition as during the during the during the during the condition as
                          Relationships                                     Shares    of January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting of December 31,
      Participant         with the Company            Date of grant        granted             2025     Period     Period     Period     Period           2025

      Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang   Chairman of the Board,      January 23, 2026     665,000              –          –           –          –          –             –
                            Executive Director and
                            Chief Executive Officer
      Ms. HE Yingfei      Executive Director          January 23, 2026      665,000             –          –           –          –          –             –
      Mr. FENG Xie        Executive Director          January 23, 2026      450,000             –          –           –          –          –             –
      Mr. LI Feiyu        Executive Director          January 23, 2026      450,000             –          –           –          –          –             –
      Other employees                                 January 23, 2026    3,900,000             –          –           –          –          –             –
      Total                                                               6,130,000             –          –           –          –          –             –


      On January 23, 2026, Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang, Ms. HE Yingfei, Mr. FENG Xie and Mr. LI Feiyu, all
      executive Directors of the Company, and Mr. HUANG Junjie, supervisor of a major subsidiary
      of the Company, were granted 665,000, 665,000, 450,000, 450,000 and 450,000 Awarded
      Shares respectively under the Share Award Scheme settled by existing Shares, which represent
      approximately 0.17%, 0.17%, 0.11%, 0.11% and 0.11% of the total issued Shares of the
      Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this Annual Report. Subject to the terms
      and conditions of the Share Award Scheme settled by existing Shares and certain performance
      targets set out in the grant letter, the above Awarded Shares will vest on or before November
      30, 2026, with the specific vesting date subject to the written vesting notice to be issued by
      the Company at the relevant time (which will be deferred if it falls within a blackout period for
      inside information). No participant of the Share Award Scheme has been or will be granted
      Awarded Shares exceeding 1% of the total issued Shares of the Company.

      No consideration is required to be paid in respect of the grant, and the purchase prices of
      6,130,000 Awarded Shares granted as aforementioned were determined in accordance with
      the terms of the scheme and upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee,
      taking into account the Company’s development objectives and the past and expected future
      contributions of the grantees. A differentiated incentive arrangement was adopted, whereby
      the Company comprehensively assessed the importance and contribution of the grantees and
      classified them into Category A and Category B. Grantees with more significant contributions
      to the Company were included in Category A and accordingly enjoyed more attractive purchase
      prices and quantities, thereby reflecting the principle of aligning incentives with contributions
      and value. The purchase price for Category A was HK$3 (or RMB2.8) per Share, while the
      purchase price for Category B was HK$5.5 (or RMB5) per Share. The awarded Shares granted
      to Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang, Ms. HE Yingfei, Mr. FENG Xie and Mr. LI Feiyu, all executive Directors
      of the Company, were priced under Category A.




118   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

As the Share Award Scheme is satisfied solely by existing Shares, the number of Shares that
may be issued under the scheme divided by the weighted average number of issued Shares
during the Reporting Period is not applicable.

As at both the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, no awarded Shares had been
granted under the Share Award Scheme. Accordingly, as at December 31, 2025, the number of
awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme was 35,631,183 Shares.


PENSION SCHEME/RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN
In accordance with the rules and regulations in the PRC, the employees of the Group based
in the PRC participate in various defined contribution retirement benefit plans organised by
the relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC under which the Group and
the employees are required to make monthly contributions to these plans calculated as a
percentage of the employees’ salaries, subject to certain ceiling. The municipal and provincial
governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing and future
retired employees based in the PRC payable under the plans described above. Other than the
monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement and
other post retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately
from those of the Group in an independent fund managed by the PRC government. The
Group’s contributions to these plans are expensed as incurred.

Particulars of these retirement plans are set out in Note 42.19(a) to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. During the year ended December 31, 2025, no forfeited contributions had been
used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by
the Board with reference to the respective responsibilities and duties, experience, individual
performance, and time devoted to the Group and may be adjusted upon the recommendation
of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee was set up for reviewing the
Company’s emolument policy and structure of all remuneration of the Directors and senior
management of our Company.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   119
      Report of the Board of Directors

      REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS
      WITH THE HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
      The Directors, Supervisors and senior management members receive remuneration in the
      forms of (i) salaries, wages bonuses; (ii) defined contribution plans; (iii) housing fund, medical
      insurance and other social insurance; and (iv) share-based payment.

      Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and the five highest paid individuals of
      the Group are set out in Notes 9(b) and 38(a) to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this
      annual report.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, there was no remuneration paid or payable by the
      Company to the Directors, Supervisors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement
      to join or upon joining the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2025, there was no
      compensation paid or payable by the Company to the Directors, former Directors, Supervisors,
      former Supervisors or the five highest paid individuals for the loss of any office in connection
      with the management of the affairs of any subsidiary of the Company.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or Supervisors has waived
      or agreed to waive any remuneration or benefits in kind. Save as disclosed above, there was
      no other payments paid or payable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to the Directors,
      Supervisors or the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December 31, 2025.




120   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                   Report of the Board of Directors

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Capital Increase Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement

On May 23, 2025, Rimag Health Management (as subsidiary of the Company), Shanghai
Ronggongshe, Fanghou No. 1, Fanghou Investment, Fanghou No. 2, Wuhan Zhuoer and
PENG Yingsong (彭盈松) entered into the Capital Increase Agreement in relation to the
subscription of 9.58% equity interest in Shanghai Ronggongshe by Rimag Health Management.
Pursuant to the Capital Increase Agreement, Rimag Health Management has agreed to
subscribe for RMB1,948,529 registered capital of Shanghai Ronggongshe at a consideration
of RMB12,720,000. On the same day, Rimag Health Management, Shanghai Ronggongshe,
Wuhan Ronggongshe, Fanghou No. 1, Fanghou Investment and Fanghou No. 2 entered into
the Equity Transfer Agreement in relation to the sale and purchase of 51.0% equity interest in
Wuhan Ronggongshe. Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement, Rimag Health Management
has agreed to purchase, and Shanghai Ronggongshe has agreed to sell, RMB5,100,000
registered capital of Wuhan Ronggongshe at a consideration of RMB5,100,000.

As at the date of the Capital Increase Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement, Mr.
CHEN Zhaoyang is the chief executive officer and executive Director of the Company and
serves as the sole general partner of Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the substantial Shareholder
of the Company, and therefore is deemed to control such interest held by Ganjiang New Area
Rimag in the Company. Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang controls an aggregate of 42.0% equity interest in
Shanghai Ronggongshe through Fanghou No. 1, Fanghou Investment and Fanghou No. 2, each
of which is a limited partnership ultimately controlled by Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang and his spouse.
Wuhan Ronggongshe is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Ronggongshe. As such, each
of Fanghou No. 1, Fanghou Investment, Fanghou No. 2, Shanghai Ronggongshe and Wuhan
Ronggongshe is an associate of Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang and therefore a connected person of the
Company. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the Capital Increase Agreement
and the Equity Transfer Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   121
      Report of the Board of Directors

      To enhance the strategic integration, further realize synergy effect and facilitate the
      commencement of specific business operations, after completion of the transactions
      contemplated under the Capital Increase Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement,
      leveraging on Shanghai Ronggongshe’s and Wuhan Ronggongshe’s innovative financial service
      solutions and broad resource network of medical device manufacturers and intermediaries,
      the Group expects to further expand its reach and coverage of industry chain participants
      and gain more potential business opportunities. The transactions contemplated under the
      Capital Increase Agreement and the Equity Transfer Agreement are also expected to further
      enrich the financial tools and business models of the Group and to promote the innovative
      empowerment solutions in the Group’s imaging solution services business. In addition,
      Shanghai Ronggongshe and Wuhan Ronggongshe may also respectively serve as a bridge
      between the Group and the medical device manufacturers and intermediaries, so as to broaden
      the development channel of the Group’s imaging solution services business and seek more
      business partners for the Group.

      Provision of Financial Assistance

      On December 15, 2025, the Company and Shanghai Ronggongshe entered into the maximum
      guarantee agreements with XW Bank, respectively. Pursuant to the respective agreements,
      each of the Company and Shanghai Ronggongshe will provide a joint and several liability
      guarantee in respect of a credit facility of an aggregate amount of not exceeding RMB50
      million to be granted by XW Bank to Rimag Yuntai and Wuhan Ronggongshe.

      As at the date of the entering of the maximum guarantee agreements, Rimag Yuntai is owned
      as to 51% and 49% directly by the Company and Shanghai Ronggongshe, respectively. Mr.
      CHEN Zhaoyang is the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the chief executive
      officer of the Company. Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang is able to exercise 10% or more of the voting
      right at Rimag Yuntai through Shanghai Ronggongshe, and therefore Rimag Yuntai constitutes
      a connected subsidiary of the Company under Rule 14A.16 of the Listing Rules. Wuhan
      Ronggongshe is owned as to 51% and 49% directly by Ganjiang Rimag, a wholly-owned
      subsidiary of the Company, and Shanghai Ronggongshe, respectively. Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang
      is able to exercise 10% or more of the voting right at Wuhan Ronggongshe through Shanghai
      Ronggongshe, and therefore Wuhan Ronggongshe constitutes a connected subsidiary of
      the Company under Rule 14A.16 of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the provision of the joint
      and several liability guarantee by the Company to Rimag Yuntai and Wuhan Ronggongshe
      constitutes a connected transaction of the Company.

      The provision of the maximum guarantee limit by the Company to its subsidiaries aims to
      satisfy short-term liquidity needs (such as settlement of trade procurement), reduce financing
      costs (by securing higher credit limit and preferential interest rates), and strengthen Group
      synergy (including industrial chain extension and risk sharing). The form of the maximum
      guarantee simplifies procedures and dynamically adapts to business needs.



122   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Report of the Board of Directors

Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2025, the
Company had no other connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which
were required to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 14A.49 and 14A.71 of the Listing Rules
relating to the disclosure of connected transactions and continuing connected transactions.

Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended
December 31, 2025 are disclosed in Note 36(b) to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Save as disclosed above in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2025, none
of the other related party transactions or continuing related party transactions set out in Note
36 to the Consolidated Financial Statements constitute disclosable connected transactions
or disclosable continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules. The Company has
complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules from time to
time in respect of the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions.


MATERIAL CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2025
had the Company or any of its subsidiaries entered into any material contracts with the Single
Largest Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries, nor had any material contracts been entered
into for the services provided by the Single Largest Shareholders or any of its subsidiaries to
the Company or any of its subsidiaries.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   123
      Report of the Board of Directors

      USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
      The Company completed the Global Offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares at
      HK$14.98 per H Share on June 7, 2024. The net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted
      to approximately HK$183.48 million. The net proceeds from the Global Offering have been
      and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the section headed
      “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, as follows:

                                                                                 Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                                Utilized          Unutilized
                                                   Approximately                           amount as of        amount as of Expected timeline
                                                   % of total net    Actual amount         December 31,        December 31, for unutilized
      Intended utilization                             proceeds     of net proceeds                2025                2025 amount

      For expanding our medical                            50.0%              91.73                91.73                  – Completed
        imaging center network

      For pursuing strategic cooperation                   20.0%              36.70                36.70                  – Completed
        and mergers and acquisitions in the
        medical imaging field and seeking
        strategic partnerships and investment
        opportunities along the medical
        imaging services industry chain

      For extending our business to overseas               20.0%              36.70                36.70                  – Completed
        countries and regions which (i) are
        relatively lacking in medical resources,
        such as Southeast Asia, and (ii) have
        high per capital disposable income
        and great growth potential for medical
        imaging services, such as the Middle
        East

      Working capital and general                          10.0%              18.35                18.35                  – Completed
       corporate uses


      Total                                                100%             183.48                183.48                  – Completed




124   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                           Report of the Board of Directors

USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
First Placing

References are made to the announcements of the Company dated April 25, 2025 and May
6, 2025, respectively. On April 25, 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into the
Placing Agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the Placing Agents have agreed
to purchase 9,750,000 Placing Shares at the Placing Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share
to not less than six Placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be third parties
independent of the Company and its connected persons. The closing price of HK$23.50 per
H Share was quoted on the Stock Exchange on April 24, 2025, being the last trading day
prior to the signing of the Placing Agreement. On May 6, 2025, the Company completed the
Placing of an aggregate of 9,750,000 Placing Shares to no less than six Placees at the Placing
Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Placing
Agreement. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting the Placing commission
and other relevant costs and expenses of the Placing) from the Placing amounted to
approximately HK$195.00 million and HK$182.29 million, respectively, and the net issue price
was approximately HK$18.70 per Placing Share. The net proceeds from the Placing have been
and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the section headed
“Reasons for and Benefits of the Placing and Use of Proceeds” in the announcement of the
Company dated April 25, 2025, as follows:

                                                                          Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                         Utilized          Unutilized
                                            Approximately                           amount as of        amount as of Expected timeline
                                            % of total net    Actual amount         December 31,        December 31, for unutilized
Intended utilization                            proceeds     of net proceeds                2025                2025 amount

For business investment and mergers and             50.0%              91.15                80.48              10.67 To be utilized
  acquisitions, to continue to expand the                                                                              by December
  coverage of the Group’s imaging center                                                                               31, 2026
  business through multiple initiatives
  such as independent investment and
  construction, industrial investment and
  incubation, acquisitions and mergers
  and acquisitions, etc.

For overseas business expansion and                 25.0%              45.57                    –              45.57 To be utilized
  layout, to further expand business                                                                                   by December
  exploration in overseas markets                                                                                      31, 2026

For data and R&D, to deeply explore                 15.0%              27.34                 8.64              18.70 To be utilized
  the value of medical imaging data and                                                                                by December
  build an AI and intelligence ecosystem                                                                               31, 2026

                                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025           125
      Report of the Board of Directors


                                                                        Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                       Utilized          Unutilized
                                          Approximately                           amount as of        amount as of Expected timeline
                                          % of total net    Actual amount         December 31,        December 31, for unutilized
      Intended utilization                    proceeds     of net proceeds                2025                2025 amount


      For supplementing general working           10.0%              18.23                16.52               1.71 To be utilized
        capital                                                                                                      by December
                                                                                                                     31, 2026


      Total                                       100%             182.29                105.64              76.65 To be utilized
                                                                                                                     by December
                                                                                                                     31, 2026

      The Directors believe that the Placing will be conducive to strengthening the Group’s liquidity
      and financial position, broadening its Shareholder base, optimizing the capital structure of the
      Company and supporting the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.

      It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
      2026. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
      view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
      conditions.

      Second Placing

      References are made to the announcements of the Company dated August 22, 2025 and
      August 28, 2025, respectively. On August 22, 2025 (before trading hours), the Company
      entered into the Placing Agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the Placing
      Agents have agreed to purchase 35,000,000 Placing Shares at the Placing Price of HK$16.76
      per Placing Share to not less than six Placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners
      shall be third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons. The closing
      price of HK$19.16 per H Share was quoted on the Stock Exchange on August 21, 2025, being
      the last trading day prior to the signing of the Placing Agreement. On August 28, 2025, the
      Company completed the Placing of an aggregate of 35,000,000 Placing Shares to no less than
      six Placees at the Placing Price of HK$16.76 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and
      conditions of the Placing Agreement. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting
      the Placing commission and other relevant costs and expenses of the Placing) from the Placing
      amounted to approximately HK$586.60 million and HK$562.11 million, respectively, and the
      net issue price was approximately HK$16.06 per Placing Share. The net proceeds from the
      Placing have been and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed
      in the section headed “Reasons for and Benefits of the Placing and Use of Proceeds” in the
      announcement of the Company dated August 22, 2025, as follows:


126   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                          Report of the Board of Directors


                                                                         Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                        Utilized          Unutilized
                                           Approximately                           amount as of        amount as of Expected timeline
                                           % of total net    Actual amount         December 31,        December 31, for unutilized
Intended utilization                           proceeds     of net proceeds                2025                2025 amount


For development in the field of data               40.0%            224.84                 91.62             133.22 To be utilized
  and AI, to further deeply strengthen                                                                                by December
  our data service capabilities such                                                                                  31, 2028
  as medical imaging data mining,
  annotation and cleaning, and research
  and develop an AI application platform
  and provide application scenarios for
  the entire medical imaging process.

For continuously expanding the                     30.0%            168.63                 99.38              69.25 To be utilized
  Company’s medical imaging center                                                                                    by December
  business and empowerment solution                                                                                   31, 2028
  business through independent
  investment or acquisitions

For participating in the investment                20.0%            112.42                  1.09             111.33 To be utilized
  activities or establishing industry                                                                                 by December
  incubation funds to invest in                                                                                       31, 2028
  outstanding medical industry
  enterprises, third parties synergistic
  with the Group’s business resources

For general working capital                        10.0%              56.21                23.71              32.50 To be utilized
                                                                                                                      by December
                                                                                                                      31, 2028


Total                                              100%             562.10                215.80             346.30 To be utilized
                                                                                                                      by December
                                                                                                                      31, 2028


The Directors believe that the Placing will be conducive to strengthening the Group’s liquidity
and financial position, broadening its Shareholder base, optimizing the capital structure of the
Company and supporting the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.




                                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025           127
      Report of the Board of Directors

      It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
      2028. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
      view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
      conditions.


      MATERIAL LITIGATION
      The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the year ended December
      31, 2025.


      PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of
      the Directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules
      during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.


      REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
      The Audit Committee consists of three members, including two independent non-executive
      Directors, namely Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝) and Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲), and one non-executive
      Director, namely Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林). The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. WU
      Xiaohui (吳曉輝) who holds the appropriate qualification as required under Rules 3.10(2) and
      3.21 of the Listing Rules. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited consolidated financial
      statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 with the management of
      the Company. The Audit Committee considered that the annual results are in compliance
      with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made
      appropriate disclosures thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect
      to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with
      senior management of the Company.

      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
      The Company recognises the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the
      management of the Company as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as
      a whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance practices as its own code of
      corporate governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the
      Corporate Governance Code. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Corporate Governance
      Report”, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part
      2 of the Corporate Governance Code and met the requirements of the vast majority of the
      recommended provisions on best practices as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
      Code during the Reporting Period.




128   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                   Report of the Board of Directors

AUDITOR
For the year ended December 31, 2025, PricewaterhouseCoopers assumed the office of the
Company’s reporting accountant and independent auditor. The financial statements contained
in this annual report have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers. There has been no
change in the Company’s auditor during the Reporting Period and there has been no change in
any of the past three years.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Upon the approval granted at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on
January 13, 2026, the Company ceased to maintain the Board of Supervisors with effect
from January 13, 2026. The then members of the Board of Supervisors no longer serve as
supervisors nor hold any positions related to the Board of Supervisors.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there is no material subsequent event required to be
disclosed after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purpose of ascertaining the Shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the
AGM to be held on Thursday, April 23, 2026, the register of members of the Company will
be closed from Monday, April 20, 2026 to Thursday, April 23, 2026, both dates inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify
to attend and vote at the AGM, all transfer instruments accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s H share registrar, Tricor Investor Services
Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong no later than 4:30 p.m.
on Friday, April 17, 2026. Shareholders whose names appear on the Company’s register of
members on Thursday, April 23, 2026 are entitled to attend the AGM and vote thereat.



                                                           By order of the Board
                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd.
                                                       江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司
                                                           Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang
                                                 Chairman of the Board, Executive Director
                                                        and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, March 31, 2026




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   129
      Independent Auditor’s Report

      To the Shareholders of Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd.
      (incorporated in the People ’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      OPINION
      What we have audited

      The consolidated financial statements of Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and
      its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 136 to 264, comprise:

      •      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025;

      •      the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;

      •      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

      •      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

      •      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

      •      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy
             information and other explanatory information.

      Our opinion

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
      consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated
      financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
      with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
      disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our
      responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor ’s Responsibilities for
      the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
      basis for our opinion.

      Independence

      We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional
      Accountants as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “Code”),
      as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled
      our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


130   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to assessment of expected credit losses
of trade receivables.

                                                    How our audit addressed the Key Audit
Key Audit Matter                                    Matter

Assessment of expected credit losses of             Our procedures to address this key audit
trade receivables                                   matter included:

Refer to Note 3.1(b)(ii)(1) , Note 4 (b) and Note   We obtained an understanding of the
20 to the consolidated financial statements.        management’s internal control and assessment
                                                    process of expected credit losses of trade
As at 31 December 2025, the Group held trade        receivables and assessed the inherent risk of
receivables amounting to RMB585,756,000,            material misstatement by considering the
against which the expected credit losses            degree of estimation uncertainty and level of
of RMB63,740,000 was set aside in the               other inherent risk factors such as complexity,
consolidated financial statements.                  subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
                                                    management bias or fraud.
The Group applies the simplified approach
to providing for expected credit losses             We evaluated and tested the controls over the
prescribed by IFRS 9, which permits the use         assessment of expected credit losses of trade
of the lifetime expected loss provision for all     receivables.
trade receivables.
                                                    We assessed the competence, capabilities
                                                    and objectivity of the external valuer by
                                                    considering its qualifications, relevant
                                                    experience and relationship with the Group.

                                                    We evaluated the reasonableness of grouping
                                                    of trade receivables against their nature and
                                                    risk characteristics.

                                                    We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy
                                                    of the key data inputs including classification
                                                    of customer regions, the aging schedules
                                                    of trade receivables and historical loss rate
                                                    used by management in the assessment by
                                                    considering the historical cash collection and
                                                    movements of the aging of trade receivables
                                                    from customers.

                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   131
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
                                                                 How our audit addressed the Key Audit
      Key Audit Matter                                           Matter

      Assessment of expected credit losses of                    With the assistance of our internal valuation
      trade receivables (continued)                              expert, we performed the following procedures,
                                                                 including:
      To measure the expected credit losses,
      trade receivables have been grouped based                  •     Assessing the appropriateness of
      on shared credit risk characteristics. The                       management’s       methodology       of
      expected loss rates are based on the aging                       assessment of expected credit losses of
      profiles of trade receivables over a period of                   trade receivables.
      36 months before 31 December 2025. The
      historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect              •     Evaluating management’s assessment
      current and forward-looking information on                       and sensitivity analysis of the forward-
      macroeconomic factors affecting the ability                      looking information used to determine the
      of the customers to settle the receivables.                      expected credit losses by considering
      Individually impaired trade receivables are                      economic factors, including China ’s GDP
      related to the deterioration of the customer’s                   growth rate and China’s growth rate of
      financial position or the customer’s extremely                   broad money supply with reference to
      low willingness to repay.                                        market data and reasonably possible
                                                                       changes based on a probability-weighted
      We focused on this area due to the magnitude                     estimation applied by the management.
      of trade receivables balances and inherent
      subjectivity which involved significant                    For expected credit loss assessed on individual
      management’s judgments and estimates.                      basis, we evaluated the collectability of the
                                                                 trade receivables balances by tracing to
                                                                 supporting evidence, including subsequent
                                                                 settlements and the relevant public credit
                                                                 information of these customers.

                                                                 We tested the mathematical accuracy of the
                                                                 calculations of expected credit loss.

                                                                 We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                 related to the assessment of expected credit
                                                                 losses of trade receivables in the consolidated
                                                                 financial statements.

                                                                 Based on the above, we considered
                                                                 management’s judgments and key assumptions
                                                                 applied in the assessment of the expected
                                                                 credit losses of trade receivables were
                                                                 supported by the evidence obtained and
                                                                 procedures performed.




132   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated
financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and
we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to
read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit,
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this
regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either
intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   133
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
      statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
      to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as
      a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
      to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
      assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always
      detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
      are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
      to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
      statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
      professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
             statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
             responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
             to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
             resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
             collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
             control.

      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
             audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
             expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
             accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
             accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
             exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
             ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
             we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
             consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
             opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
             auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
             continue as a going concern.




134   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
      statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
      represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
      presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
      regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a
      basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the
      group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships
and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that
were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong
Kam Chin.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   135
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                  Note           2025          2024
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                                       5          873,120       760,591
      Cost of sales                                                 8         (577,881)     (483,259)

      Gross profit                                                             295,239       277,332

      Selling expenses                                             8            (62,955)      (66,423)
      Administrative expenses                                      8          (172,644)     (223,635)
      Research and development expenses                            8            (15,705)      (11,539)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                  3.1(b)         (31,043)      (22,131)
      Net impairment losses on goodwill                          16(b)(i)         (4,137)           –
      Other income                                                 6             10,641        13,606
      Other gains – net                                            7               5,371        5,684

      Operating profit/(loss)                                                   24,767       (27,106)

      Finance income                                               10            7,279         4,052
      Finance costs                                                10          (28,664)      (25,272)

      Finance costs – net                                                      (21,385)      (21,220)

      Share of loss of investments accounted for
        using the equity method                                    11           (7,557)       (3,005)

      Loss before income tax                                                    (4,175)      (51,331)
      Income tax expense                                           12           (6,330)        (7,527)

      Loss for the year                                                        (10,505)      (58,858)
      Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                                      3,748       (45,919)
      Non-controlling interests                                                (14,253)      (12,939)

                                                                               (10,505)      (58,858)

      Earnings/(Loss) per share attributable to owners of
        the Company for the year
      Basic (expressed in RMB per share)                           13            0.010        (0.132)
      Diluted (expressed in RMB per share)                         13            0.010        (0.132)


      The notes on pages 144 to 264 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




136   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                       Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

Loss for the year                                                       (10,505)             (58,858)

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at
   fair value through other comprehensive (loss)/income                      (45)                  22

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year,
  net of tax                                                                 (45)                  22

Total comprehensive loss for the year                                   (10,550)             (58,836)

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                     3,708              (45,897)
Non-controlling interests                                               (14,258)             (12,939)

                                                                        (10,550)             (58,836)


The notes on pages 144 to 264 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   137
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      As at 31 December 2025


                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                 Note       2025        2024
                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Assets

      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                               15      743,510     809,758
      Right-of-use assets                                        14(a)     81,213     129,392
      Intangible assets                                           16      145,863      46,195
      Deferred income tax assets                                  31       46,817      32,509
      Investments accounted for using the equity method           11       50,561      44,398
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 21      256,591     208,411
      Financial asset at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                      18        2,400       3,000
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       22      156,442      60,431
      Long-term trade receivables                                 20       21,494      32,277
      Restricted cash                                             23        3,400         442

      Total non-current assets                                           1,508,291   1,366,813

      Current assets
      Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                      18        2,191         400
      Inventories                                                 19        4,553       6,745
      Long-term trade receivables – current portion               20       42,418      42,183
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 21      151,198     144,863
      Trade receivables                                           20      522,016     432,028
      Notes receivables                                                         –       1,600
      Restricted cash                                             23        4,036       2,066
      Cash and cash equivalents                                   23      623,974     262,387
      Asset classified as held for sale                                         –       4,703

      Total current assets                                               1,350,386    896,975

      Total assets                                                       2,858,677   2,263,788




138   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                              As at 31 December 2025


                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                            Note            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

EQUITY

Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                24           401,062           356,312
Treasury shares                                              24            (75,820)                –
Shares held for employee share scheme                        24            (87,285)          (14,037)
Reserves                                                     25         2,240,536         1,603,931
Accumulated losses                                                       (486,810)         (490,558)

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            1,991,683         1,455,648

Non-controlling interests                                                   13,298            28,383

Total equity                                                            2,004,981         1,484,031

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                   30            288,660           272,222
Lease liabilities                                           14(a)           58,943           101,856
Deferred income tax liabilities                              31             21,770             4,372
Other non-current liabilities                                32                 15               320

Total non-current liabilities                                              369,388           378,770

Current liabilities
Trade and notes payables                                    28              66,521            26,485
Other payables and accruals                                 29              73,993            78,755
Contract liabilities                                        5(c)            12,133            39,728
Current tax liabilities                                                     63,046            50,992
Borrowings                                                   30            234,883           160,992
Lease liabilities                                           14(a)           33,233            43,540
Other non-current liabilities-current portion                32                499               495

Total current liabilities                                                  484,308           400,987

Total liabilities                                                          853,696           779,757

Total equity and liabilities                                            2,858,677         2,263,788

The notes on pages 144 to 264 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 136 to 264 were approved by the Board of
Directors on 31 March 2026 and were signed on its behalf.

HE Yingfei                                      FENG Xie
Director                                        Director

                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   139
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                           Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                       Shares
                                                                      held for
                                                                    employee                                                     Non-
                                               Share    Treasury        share              Accumulated                     controlling       Total
                                    Note      capital     shares      scheme      Reserves      losses        Subtotal       interests      equity
                                             RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2025                    356,312          –      (14,037)   1,603,931        (490,558)   1,455,648        28,383     1,484,031

      Profit/(Loss) for the year                    –          –            –             –          3,748       3,748        (14,253)      (10,505)
      Other comprehensive loss                      –          –            –           (40)             –       （40）               (5)          (45)

      Total comprehensive
        income/(loss)                               –          –            –           (40)         3,748        3,708       (14,258)      (10,550)

      Issues of shares placement     24        44,750          –            –      633,991                –    678,741              –      678,741
      Capital injection                             –          –            –            –                –          –          1,210        1,210
      Conversion of borrowings
        to equity                   33 (c)          –          –            –             –               –           –           500            500
      Repurchase of shares           24             –    (75,820)     (73,248)            –               –    (149,068)             –     (149,068)
      Dividend distribution                         –          –            –             –               –           –        (9,864)        (9,864)
      Liquidation of subsidiaries                   –          –            –             –               –           –            (39)           (39)
      Disposal of subsidiaries                      –          –            –             –               –           –          (200)          (200)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                   –          –            –             –               –           –        18,966        18,966
      Transactions with
        non-controlling interests    25             –          –            –        2,654                –       2,654       (11,400)       (8,746)

      Total transactions with
        owners                                 44,750    (75,820)     (73,248)     636,645                –    532,327           (827)     531,500

      As at 31 December 2025                  401,062    (75,820)     (87,285)   2,240,536        (486,810)   1,991,683        13,298     2,004,981




140   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                             Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                   Shares
                                                                  held for
                                                                employee                                                        Non-
                                                    Share           share                    Accumulated                  controlling       Total
                                           Note    capital        scheme        Reserves          losses     Subtotal       interests      equity
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

As at 1 January 2024                               338,496              –       1,401,974        (447,843)   1,292,627        42,487     1,335,114

Loss for the year                                        –              –               –         (45,919)     (45,919)      (12,939)      (58,858)
Other comprehensive income                               –              –              22               –           22             –            22

Total comprehensive income/(loss)                        –              –              22         (45,919)     (45,897)      (12,939)      (58,836)

Transfer of gain on equity investments
  at FVOCI to accumulated losses
  (net of tax)                                           –              –          (3,204)          3,204            –              –             –

Capital injection                                        –              –               –               –            –           960           960
Shares issued pursuant to initial public
  offering on the Main Board of
  The Stock Exchange of
  Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing”)        24       17,816              –        225,147                –     242,963               –     242,963
Listing expenses capitalised upon
  the Listing                                            –              –         (15,574)              –      (15,574)             –      (15,574)
Repurchase of shares                       24            –        (14,037)              –               –      (14,037)             –      (14,037)
Dividend distribution                                    –              –               –               –            –         (2,131)       (2,131)
Transactions with non-controlling
  interests                                25            –              –          (4,900)              –       (4,900)             –       (4,900)
Share-based payments expenses              26            –              –             466               –          466              6          472

Total transactions with owners                      17,816        (14,037)       205,139                –     208,918          (1,165)    207,753

As at 31 December 2024                             356,312        (14,037)      1,603,931        (490,558)   1,455,648        28,383     1,484,031


The notes on pages 144 to 264 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                  141
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                 Note         2025         2024
                                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000

      Cash flows from operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                             33(a)      176,780       16,642
      Interest received                                                       6,991        3,640
      Income tax paid                                                        (6,333)      (7,540)

      Net cash generated from operating activities                          177,438       12,742

      Cash flows from investing activities
      Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                    (117,497)             –
      Payments for financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                      (80,200)             –
      Proceeds from financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                          905              –
      Proceeds from capital reduction of/
        (investments in) financial assets at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                       18(a)          600        (3,000)
      Investments in associates                                  11(a)      (13,720)     (17,280)
      Cash paid due to disposal of a subsidiary                                (200)            –
      Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                      –         3,080
      Proceeds from disposal of asset classified as
        held for sale                                                           800        3,700
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
        equipment                                                33(b)           616         1,945
      Loans to related parties                                                (6,850)       (4,000)
      Repayments of loans to related parties                                   1,050             –
      Purchases of intangible assets                                          (4,182)     (11,032)
      Purchases of property, plant and equipment                           (115,518)    (300,464)

      Net cash used in investing activities                                (334,196)    (327,051)




142   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                            Note            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Capital injection from the Company’s shareholders                          684,246           242,963
Capital injection from non-controlling interests in
   subsidiaries                                                               1,210               960
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of
   subsidiaries                                                               (7,534)          (2,131)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                              157,760           200,585
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                (89,651)         (71,197)
Proceeds from loans from financial leasing companies                       141,476           183,775
Repayment of loans from financial leasing companies                       (135,847)          (90,282)
Loans from a related party                                                   39,100                 –
Repayment of loans from a related party                                     (19,500)                –
Loans from third parties                                                            –             325
Repayment of loans from a third party                                             (47)              –
Transactions with non-controlling interests                                 (14,950)                –
Prepayment on transaction with non-controlling interests                    (14,796)                –
Repurchase of shares of the Company                                       (149,068)          (14,037)
Principal elements of lease payments                                        (31,721)         (36,284)
Transaction expenses paid related to issue of
   shares placement                                                          (2,567)                –
Listing expense                                                                   –            (9,076)
(Increase)/decrease in restricted cash                                       (4,386)            3,598
Interest paid                                                              (29,124)          (25,461)

Net cash generated from financing activities                               524,601           383,738

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  367,843            69,429
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                         262,387           188,835
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                                           (6,256)           4,123

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                 23            623,974           262,387


The notes on pages 144 to 264 are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      1      GENERAL INFORMATION
             Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. formerly known as Shenzhen RIMAG Sunshine Medical
             Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company
             on 30 October 2014 in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, People’s Republic of China
             (the “PRC”). The registered office of the Company is Room 1002, 10th Floor, No.10
             Building Public R&D Centre Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South Chinese Medicine Science
             and Technology Innovation City Ganjiang New District Jiangxi Province, PRC. In June
             2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liabilities.
             The Company provides medical imaging services through the establishment of medical
             imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging solution services
             and Rimag Cloud services.

             The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged in
             providing medical imaging services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud services
             in the PRC.

             The Company’s H shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited since 7 June 2024.

             These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi
             (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated, and have been approved for issue by the Board of
             Directors on 31 March 2026.


      2      BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
             AND DISCLOSURES
      2.1    Basis of preparation

             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance
             with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
             Accounting Standard Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”) and disclosure requirements
             of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements
             have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets
             and liabilities that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
             (“FVOCI”) and financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”).

             The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS
             Accounting Standards requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also
             requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group’s
             accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or
             areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
             statements are disclosed in Note 4.



144   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


2     BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
      AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
2.2   Changes in accounting policies

      (a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group
            A number of new or amended standards and interpretations became applicable
            for the current reporting period. The Group did not have to change its accounting
            policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these standards.

                                                                                                     Effective for annual
                                                                                                      periods beginning
            New standards and amendments                                                                      on or after

            IAS 21 (Amendments)                Lack of Exchangeability                                    1 January 2025
            Amendments to Illustrative         Disclosures about Uncertainties in                         1 January 2025
              Examples on IFRS 7, IAS 1,         the Financial Statements
              IAS 8, IAS 36 and IAS 37

      (b)   New standards and amendments not yet adopted
            Certain new accounting standards, amendments to accounting standards and
            interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2025
            reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                                                                     Effective for annual
                                                                                                      periods beginning
            New standards and amendments                                                                      on or after

            IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 (Amendments)     Amendments to the classification and measurement           1 January 2026
                                                 of financial instruments
            Annual improvements project        Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting                     1 January 2026
                                                 Standards – volumes 11
            IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 (Amendments)     Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity         1 January 2026
            IFRS 18                            Presentation and disclosure in financial statements        1 January 2027
            IFRS 19                            Subsidiaries without public accountability:                1 January 2027
                                                 disclosures
            IAS 21 (Amendments)                Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation            1 January 2027
                                                 Currency
            IFRS 10 and IAS 28 (Amendments)    Sale or contribution of assets between an investor      To be determined
                                                 and its associate or joint venture




                                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025         145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      2      BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
             AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
      2.2    Changes in accounting policies (continued)

             (b)    New standards and amendments not yet adopted (continued)
                    According to the assessment made by the directors of the Company, these new
                    and amended standards are either not relevant to the Group or not significant to
                    the financial performance and positions of the Group when they become effective,
                    except for IFRS 18 which will mainly impact the presentation of the consolidated
                    statements of profit or loss.

                    IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, introducing new
                    requirements that will help to achieve comparability of the financial performance
                    of similar entities and provide more relevant information and transparency to
                    users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of
                    items in the financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are
                    expected to be pervasive, in particular those related to the statement of financial
                    performance and providing management-defined performance measures within the
                    financial statements.

                    Management is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying the new
                    standard on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. From the high-level
                    preliminary assessment performed, the following potential impacts have been
                    identified:

                    Impact on consolidated statements of profit or loss:

                    Although the adoption of IFRS 18 will have no impact on the Group’s net profit,
                    the Group expects that grouping items of income and expenses in the income
                    statement into the new categories will impact how operating profit is calculated
                    and reported. From the high-level impact assessment that the Group has
                    performed, the following items might potentially impact operating profit:

                    Foreign exchange differences
                    Foreign exchange differences currently aggregated in the line item “other gains
                    – net” in operating profit might need to be disaggregated, with some foreign
                    exchange gains or losses presented below operating profit, unless doing so would
                    involve undue cost or effort.




146   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


2     BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
      AND DISCLOSURES (continued)
2.2   Changes in accounting policies (continued)

      (b)   New standards and amendments not yet adopted (continued)
            Gain or loss of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
            The gain or loss of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
            currently aggregated in the line item “other gains – net” in operating profit and will
            be presented below operating profit.

            Impact on consolidated balance sheets:

            The line items presented on the primary financial statements might change as a
            result of the application of the concept of ‘useful structured summary’ and the
            enhanced principles on aggregation and disaggregation. In addition, since goodwill
            will be required to be separately presented in the statement of financial position,
            the group will disaggregate goodwill and other intangible assets and present them
            separately in the statement of financial position.

            Impact on disclosures:

            The Group does not expect there to be a significant change in the information that
            is currently disclosed in the notes because the requirement to disclose material
            information remains unchanged; however, the way in which the information is
            grouped might change as a result of the aggregation/disaggregation principles. In
            addition, there will be significant new disclosures required for:

            – for the first annual period of application of IFRS 18, a reconciliation for each line
            item in the income statement between the restated amounts presented by applying
            IFRS 18 and the amounts previously presented applying IAS 1.

            From a cash flow statement perspective, there will be changes to how interest
            received. Interest received will be presented as investing cash flows, which is a
            change from current presentation as part of operating cash flows.

            The Group will apply the new standard from its mandatory effective date of 1
            January 2027. Retrospective application is required, and so the comparative
            information for the financial year ending 31 December 2026 will be restated in
            accordance with IFRS 18.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      3.1    Financial risk factors

             The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including
             foreign exchange risk and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk
             and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the
             unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects
             on the Group’s financial performance. Risk management is carried out by the senior
             management of the Group.

            (a)     Market risk
                    (i) Foreign exchange risk
                         The Group entities’ functional currency is RMB since majority of the revenues
                         of these entities are derived from operations in Chinese Mainland. Foreign
                         exchange risk arises from cash and cash equivalents (Note 23), part of which
                         are denominated in Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”).

                           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk
                           (including foreign exchange risk, and cash flow and fair value interest rate
                           risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
                           program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to
                           minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                           As at 31 December 2025, if HKD had weakened/strengthened by 5% against
                           the RMB with all other variables held constant, loss before tax for the year
                           would have been RMB20,141,000 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB5,278,000)
                           higher/lower.

                           Exposure
                           The Group’s major exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the
                           reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                 HKD
                                                                                          denominated
                                                                                             RMB’000

                           As at 31 December 2025
                           Cash                                                                392,717
                           Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                          10,108

                                                                                               402,825




148   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.1   Financial risk factors (continued)

      (a)   Market risk (continued)
            (i) Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                During the year, the following foreign-exchange related amounts were
                recognised in the statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

                   Other gains – net
                   – Foreign exchange (losses)/gains on operating
                       activities                                                 (8,018)           3,354


            (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interests rate risk
                   The Group’s interest rate risk arises from bank deposits and borrowings.
                   Borrowings obtained at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
                   rate risk which is partially offset by cash at bank with variable interest rates.
                   Borrowings obtained at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest
                   rate risk. The interest rates and terms of repayments of borrowings are
                   disclosed in Note 30.

                   Bank deposits carried at prevailing market interest rate expose the Group
                   to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group closely monitors trend of interest
                   rate and its impact on the Group’s interest rate risk exposure to ensure it is
                   within an acceptable level. The Group has not used any interest rate swap
                   arrangements.

                   As at 31 December 2025, if interest rate on borrowings had been higher/
                   lower by 50 basis points of current interest rate, with other variables held
                   constant, the loss before tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 would
                   have been approximately RMB1,364,000 (2024: RMB823,000) higher/lower.

      (b)   Credit risk
            Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, trade
            receivables, notes receivables, long-term trade receivables, other receivables and
            debt investments carried at FVOCI. The carrying amount of each class of the above
            financial assets and liabilities represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit
            risk in relation to the corresponding class of financial assets.




                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)

             (b)    Credit risk (continued)
                    (i)  Credit risk of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
                         To manage this risk, cash deposits at banks are mainly placed with state-
                         owned and reputable financial institutions in the PRC. These instruments are
                         considered to have low credit risk because they have a low risk of default
                         and the counterparty has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash
                         flow obligations in the near term. The table below shows the balances with
                         counterparties as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                       2025            2024
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

                           Counterparties
                           – Big 4 PRC domestic banks (Note)                          85,587          61,678
                           – Other domestic commercial banks                         465,023         120,388
                           – Foreign owned banks                                      80,800          82,829

                                                                                     631,410         264,895

                           Note:


                           Big 4 PRC domestic banks comprise Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited,
                           Agricultural Bank of China Limited, Bank of China Limited and China Construction Bank
                           Corporation.




150   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.1   Financial risk factors (continued)

      (b)   Credit risk (continued)
            (ii) Impairment of financial assets
                 The Group has five types of financial assets that are subject to the expected
                 credit loss model:

                  –     Trade receivables

                  –     Notes receivables

                  –     Long-term trade receivables

                  –     Other receivables

                  –     Debt investments carried at FVOCI

                  (1)   Expected credit losses measurement – Trade receivables
                        The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected
                        credit losses prescribed by IFRS 9, which permits the use of the
                        lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables. To measure
                        the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based
                        on shared credit risk characteristics. The expected loss rates are based
                        on the aging profiles of trade receivables over a period of 36 months
                        before 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, respectively. The
                        historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking
                        information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the
                        customers to settle the receivables.

                        The Group assessed that the expected credit loss rate for trade
                        receivables from the related parties were low since its related parties
                        have a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligation in
                        the near term. The Group assessed that the expected credit losses
                        rate for trade receivables from related parties are immaterial and
                        considered them to have a low credit risk, and thus the loss allowance
                        is immaterial.

                        Individually impaired trade receivables and notes receivables are
                        related to the deterioration of the customer’s financial position or
                        the customer’s extremely low willingness to repay, thus some of
                        trade receivables can not be collected. The Group expects that the
                        amounts of the receivables will partially or entirely have difficulty to be
                        recovered and has recognised impairment losses.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)

             (b)    Credit risk (continued)
                    (ii) Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for the trade
                         receivables was determined as follow:

                                                                 Less than   1 year to    2 years       Over
                                                                    1 year     2 years to 3 years    3 years     Total
                                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000

                           On collective basis:
                           As at 31 December 2025
                           Gross carrying amount – trade
                             receivables (Note 20)                 445,615     62,946      39,130        451    548,142
                           Expected loss rate                       2.20%     14.51%      32.70%     97.78%      5.87%
                           Loss allowance provision (Note 20)        9,817      9,136      12,797        441     32,191

                           On individual basis:
                           As at 31 December 2025
                           Gross carrying amount – trade
                             receivables (Note 20)                                                               37,614
                           Expected loss rate                                                                   83.88%
                           Loss allowance provision (Note 20)                                                    31,549
                           On collective basis:
                           As at 31 December 2024
                           Gross carrying amount – trade
                             receivables (Note 20)                 371,597     55,812      13,657        926    441,992
                           Expected loss rate                       1.45%      9.83%      29.76%    100.00%      3.59%
                           Loss allowance provision (Note 20)        5,382      5,487       4,064        926     15,859

                           On individual basis:
                           As at 31 December 2024
                           Gross carrying amount – trade
                             receivables (Note 20)                                                               33,909
                           Expected loss rate                                                                   82.62%
                           Loss allowance provision (Note 20)                                                    28,014


                           As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for the
                           notes receivables was immaterial.




152   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.1   Financial risk factors (continued)

      (b)   Credit risk (continued)
            (ii) Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                 (2)    Expected credit losses measurement – long-term trade receivables
                        The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected
                        credit losses prescribed by IFRS 9, which permits the use of the
                        lifetime expected loss provision for all long-term trade receivables.
                        To measure the expected credit losses, long-term trade receivables
                        have been individually assessed on credit risk characteristics. The
                        historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking
                        information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the
                        customers to settle the receivables.

                        As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance provision for the
                        long-term trade receivables was determined as follow:

                                                                                              Total
                                                                                            RMB’000

                        On individual basis:
                        As at 31 December 2025
                        Gross carrying amount – long-term
                          trade receivables (Note 20)                                          82,301
                        Expected loss rate                                                    22.34%
                        Loss allowance provision (Note 20)                                     18,389
                        On individual basis:
                        As at 31 December 2024
                        Gross carrying amount – long-term
                          trade receivables (Note 20)                                          91,003
                        Expected loss rate                                                    18.18%
                        Loss allowance provision (Note 20)                                     16,543




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)

             (b)    Credit risk (continued)
                    (ii) Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                         (3)    Expected credit losses measurement – other receivables
                                For other receivables, management makes periodic collective
                                assessments as well as individual assessment on the recoverability
                                of other receivables based on historical settlement records, past
                                experience, existing market conditions as well as forward looking
                                estimates at the end of each reporting period. The directors believe
                                that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding
                                balance of other receivables.

                                  Impairment on other receivables is measured as either 12-month
                                  expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on
                                  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                  recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has
                                  occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as
                                  lifetime expected credit losses.

                                  The Group has assessed that there was no significant increase
                                  of credit risk for other receivables. Thus, the Group used the 12
                                  months expected credit losses model to assess credit loss of other
                                  receivables. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance
                                  for other receivables excluding deductible value-added tax input and
                                  prepayments were determined as follows:

                                                                            Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3
                                                                       12-month ECL   Lifetime ECL    Lifetime ECL      Total
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

                                  As at 31 December 2025
                                  Gross carrying amount –
                                    other receivables (Note 21)              76,959              –             500     77,459
                                  Expected loss rate                         0.35%               –         93.00%      0.94%
                                  Loss allowance provision (Note 21)            266              –             465        731
                                  As at 31 December 2024
                                  Gross carrying amount –
                                    other receivables (Note 21)              73,595              –             500     74,095
                                  Expected loss rate                         0.70%               –         93.00%      1.32%
                                  Loss allowance provision (Note 21)            513              –             465        978



154   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.1   Financial risk factors (continued)

      (b)   Credit risk (continued)
            (ii) Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                 (4)    Summary of loss allowances for trade receivables and other financial
                        assets
                        The loss allowances for trade receivables (including long-term trade
                        receivables) and other receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024
                        reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:

                                                                   Trade            Other
                                                             receivables      receivables        Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

                       As at 1 January 2025                       60,416             978          61,394
                       Increase in loss allowance
                         recognised in profit or loss              55,713             116         55,829
                       Reversal of impairment loss                (24,423)           (363)       (24,786)
                       Write off                                    (9,577)             –          (9,577)

                       As at 31 December 2025                     82,129             731          82,860
                       As at 1 January 2024                       38,495             820          39,315
                       Increase in loss allowance
                         recognised in profit or loss              39,897           1,884         41,781
                       Reversal of impairment loss                (17,924)         (1,726)       (19,650)
                       Write off                                       (52)             –             (52)

                       As at 31 December 2024                     60,416             978          61,394




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.1    Financial risk factors (continued)

            (c)     Liquidity risk
                    To manage the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and
                    cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s
                    operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The Group
                    expects to fund its future cash flow needs through internally generated cash flows
                    from operations and borrowings from financial institutions. Management believes
                    that there is no significant liquidity risk in view of the expected cash flows from
                    operations and continuous support from banks in the coming twelve months.

                    The tables below analyse the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into
                    relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the end of each
                    reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the
                    tables are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                      Less than     Between 1     Between 2        Over
                                                         1 year    and 2 years   and 5 years    5 years     Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

                    As at 31 December 2025
                    Borrowings and interests            250,324       165,158       148,095           –    563,577
                    Trade and notes payables             66,521             –             –           –     66,521
                    Other payables and accruals
                      (excluding non-financial)           31,939            –             –           –     31,939
                    Lease liabilities                     46,098       45,052        18,064       5,196    114,410
                    Other non-current liabilities            540           45             –           –        585


                                                        395,422       210,255       166,159       5,196    777,032
                    As at 31 December 2024
                    Borrowings and interests            175,109       138,880       162,565           –    476,554
                    Trade and notes payables             26,485             –             –           –     26,485
                    Other payables and accruals
                      (excluding non-financial)           34,364            –             –           –     34,364
                    Lease liabilities                     47,273       44,859        63,635       3,693    159,460
                    Other non-current liabilities            540          540            45           –      1,125

                                                        283,771       184,279       226,245       3,693    697,988




156   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.2   Capital management

      The Group monitors capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing
      the capital structure. The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for
      shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
      structure to reduce the costs of capital.

      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may issue new shares or
      sell assets to reduce debt.

      The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of liability-to-asset ratio, which
      is calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets. The liability-to-asset ratio of the
      Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was as follows:

      The gearing ratios at 31 December were as follows:

                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                 2025              2024

      The liability-to-asset ratio                                            29.86%            34.44%


      Neither the Group nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to externally imposed capital
      requirements.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.3    Fair value estimation

            (a)     Fair value hierarchy
                    Financial instruments carried at fair value or where fair value was disclosed can be
                    categorised by levels of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
                    value. The inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as
                    follows:

                    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as
                    publicly traded derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices
                    at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial
                    assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included
                    in level 1.

                    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active
                    market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation
                    techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as
                    possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value
                    an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market
                    data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity
                    securities.

                    The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 2 and
                    level 3 fair values.




158   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (a)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            The following table presents the Group’s assets that were measured at fair value at
            31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                         Level 1       Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

            As at 31 December 2025
            Assets:
            Financial assets carried at FVTPL
            – Unlisted debt instruments (Note 22)               –             –        54,141        54,141
            – Contingent consideration of business
                combination (Note 22)                           –             –         4,906         4,906
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 22)             –             –        97,395        97,395
            Financial assets carried at FVOCI
            – Notes receivables (Note 18)                       –             –         2,191         2,191
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 18)             –             –         2,400         2,400

                                                                –             –       161,033       161,033
            As at 31 December 2024
            Assets:
            Financial assets carried at FVTPL
            – Unlisted debt instruments (Note 22)               –             –        54,388        54,388
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 22)             –             –         6,043         6,043
            Financial assets carried at FVOCI
            – Notes receivables (Note 18)                       –             –           400           400
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 18)             –             –         3,000         3,000

                                                                –             –        63,831        63,831




                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.3    Fair value estimation (continued)

            (b)     Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values specific valuation
                    techniques used to value financial instruments include:
                    •    Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and

                    •      Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to
                           determine fair value for the remaining financial instruments.

                    There were no changes in valuation techniques during the year ended 31 December
                    2025 and 2024.

                    The fair value of trade receivables, notes receivables, other receivables, long-term
                    trade receivables, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents approximated
                    their carrying amounts.

                    The fair value of trade and notes payables, other payables and accruals (excluding
                    payroll and welfare payables and other tax payables) and current borrowings
                    approximated their carrying amounts. The fair value of non-current borrowings was
                    disclosed in note 30.

            (c)     The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy
                    levels as at the end of each reporting period. During the year ended 31 December
                    2025 and the 2024, there are no transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy
                    used in measuring the fair value of financial instruments, and also no changes in
                    the classification of financial assets as a result of a change in the purpose or use
                    of those assets.




160   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (d)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
            The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended
            31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

            Financial assets at FVTPL
            Opening Balance                                                     60,431            53,869
            Additions                                                           80,200                 –
            Additions of contingent consideration of business
              combination (Note 35(b)(c))                                         4,951                –
            Modification of equity investments                                        –            4,772
            Fair value changes – gain to profit or loss –
              unrealised                                                        11,765             2,470
            Settlement                                                            (905)             (680)

            Closing balance                                                    156,442            60,431


            Financial assets at FVOCI
            Opening Balance                                                       3,400             8,263
            Additions                                                             2,191           20,049
            Capital reduction                                                      (600)                –
            Modification of financial instruments                                     –            (4,772)
            Settlement on mature and factoring                                     (400)         (20,140)

            Closing balance                                                       4,591            3,400




                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      3      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
      3.3    Fair value estimation (continued)

            (e)     Valuation inputs of financial assets at FVTPL and FVOCI
                    The following table summarizes the quantitative information about the significant
                    unobservable inputs used in recurring level 3 fair value measurements.

                                                               Fair Value at
                                                               31 December                               Range of inputs
                                                                                     Unobservable
                    Description                                2025       2024             inputs         2025             2024
                                                            RMB’000    RMB’000

                    Unlisted debt instruments at FVTPL(i)    54,141       54,388      Discount rate 10.3%-15.5%   9.7%-15.0%
                                                                                          Volatility
                    Unlisted equity investments at           97,395        6,043     Price-to-Sales       56.0%            37.3
                      FVTPL(ii)                                                             multiple
                    Contingent consideration of business      4,906            –      Discount rate 14.0%-15.3%               –
                      Combination(iii)
                    Debt instruments at FVOCI(iv)             2,191          400       Discount rate      3.0%             3.6%
                    Unlisted equity investments at FVOCI      2,400        3,000   Capital injection         1                1
                                                                                   price per Paid-in
                                                                                             Capital

                    (i)     As at 31 December 2025, if expected rate of return higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of financial
                            assets at FVTPL would have been approximately RMB797,000 and RMB822,000 lower/higher
                            respectively.

                            As at 31 December 2024, if expected rate of return higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of financial
                            assets at FVTPL would have been approximately RMB762,000 and RMB741,000 lower/higher
                            respectively.

                    (ii)    As at 31 December 2025, if volatility higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of financial assets at FVTPL
                            would have been approximately RMB28,000 and RMB28,000 higher/lower respectively. As at 31
                            December 2025, the Group used volatility (2024: Price-to-Sales multiple) as unobservable input
                            when calculating the fair value of unlisted equity investments at FVTPL with the range of inputs
                            of 56.0% (2024: 37.3).

                    (iii)   As at 31 December 2025, if expected rate of return higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of financial
                            assets at FVTPL would have been approximately RMB140,000 and RMB41,000 lower/higher
                            respectively.

                    (iv)    As at 31 December 2025, if expected rate of return higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of debt
                            instruments at FVOCI would have been approximately RMB10,000 lower/higher respectively.

                            As at 31 December 2024, if expected rate of return higher/lower by 0.5%, fair value of debt
                            instruments at FVOCI would have been approximately RMB4,000 lower/higher respectively.



162   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
3.3   Fair value estimation (continued)
      (f)   Valuation process
            External valuation experts will be involved when necessary. The Group engaged
            an independent valuer to assist them on valuation of unlisted debt instruments at
            FVTPL, debt instruments at FVOCI and unlisted equity investments at FVOCI.


4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS
      The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which,
      by definition, will seldom equal the actual results. Management also needs to exercise
      judgment in applying the Group’s accounting policies.

      Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated. They are based on historical
      experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that may have
      a financial impact on the Group and that are believed to be reasonable under the
      circumstances. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing
      a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
      financial year are addressed below.

(a)   Estimated useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

      The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and residual values and
      consequently the related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment, and
      reviews the useful lives and residual values periodically to ensure that the method and
      rates of depreciation are consistent with the expected pattern of realisation of economic
      benefits from property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical
      experience of the actual useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment
      of similar nature and functions. If there are significant changes from previously estimated
      useful lives and residual values, the amount of depreciation expenses may change.

(b)   Expected credit losses of trade receivables and other financial assets

      The loss allowances for trade receivables and other financial assets are based on
      assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgment
      in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,
      based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking
      estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs
      used are disclosed in the note 3.1(b).




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      4      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (continued)
      (c)    Income taxes and deferred tax asset

             There are certain transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination
             is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these
             matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
             impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which
             such determination is made.

             The Group recognises deferred tax assets based on estimates that is probable
             to generate sufficient taxable profits in the foreseeable future against which the
             deductible losses will be utilised. The recognition of deferred tax assets mainly involved
             management’s judgments and estimations about the timing and the amount of taxable
             profits of the companies who had tax losses. During the year ended December 2025 and
             2024, deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these accumulated
             tax losses and other deductible temporary differences based on the fact that the future
             taxable profits would be uncertain.

      (d)    Fair value measurement of financial assets at FVTPL

             The fair value measurement of financial assets that are not traded in an active market
             is determined by using valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgment to select
             methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing
             at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions and estimates
             could materially affect the respective fair value of these investments. Details of the
             assumptions and estimates in determination of the fair value are disclosed in Note 3.3.

      (e)    Recoverability of non-financial assets

             The Group tests annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
             indicate a potential impairment whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. Other
             non-financial assets, mainly including property, plant and equipment, intangible assets,
             right-of-use assets as well as investments accounted for using the equity method are
             reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
             carrying amount may not be recoverable.

             The recoverable amount of non-financial assets is the greater of its fair value less costs
             of disposal and value in use. In determining fair values, significant unobservable inputs
             are used including discount rates, discount for lack of marketability, etc. In assessing
             value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using
             a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
             money and the risks specific to the asset, which requires significant judgment relating to
             level of revenue, operating costs and discount rates, discount for lack of marketability.

164   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (continued)
(e)   Recoverability of non-financial assets (continued)

      Judgment is required select key assumptions applied in the adopted valuation models,
      including projected cash flows, discount rates, etc. Changing the assumptions
      selected by management in assessing impairment could materially affect the result of
      the impairment test and in turn affect the Group’s financial condition and results of
      operations. If there is a significant adverse change in the key assumptions applied, it
      may be necessary to take additional impairment charge to the consolidated income
      statement.


5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
(a)   Description of segment and principal activities

      During the year, the Group is engaged in imaging business mainly in the Chinese
      Mainland. The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been identified as
      the chairman and executive directors of the Board who are responsible for allocating
      resources and assessing performance of the operating segment.

      Management reviews the operating results of the business as one segment to make
      decisions about resources to be allocated. Therefore, the executive directors of the
      Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic
      decisions. Revenue and profit/(loss) before income tax are the measures reported
      to the chairman and executive directors for the purpose of resources allocation and
      performance assessment.

      Throughout the years, the Group has constructed and shaped the competency in the
      infrastructure supporting the operations of the imaging center and enrichment imaging
      services business, such as cloud platform services which represents less than 5% of the
      Group’s total revenue.

      The Group’s business and operations are mainly conducted in Chinese Mainland and
      currently, the Group’s principal market, majority of revenue, operating loss and non-
      current assets are derived from/located in the Chinese Mainland. Accordingly, no
      geographical segment information is presented.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      5      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)    Revenue during the year

             An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the years ended 31 December 2025
             and 2024 is as follows:

             The revenue segment information reported to CODM for the year is as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000

                                                                 Satisfaction of
                                                                  performance
                                                                      obligation
             Imaging center services                              Point in time       442,915     465,723
             Imaging center services                                   Overtime       110,866     139,251

                                                                                      553,781     604,974

             Imaging solution services
             – Imaging equipment and software
                 solutions                                        Point in time       247,116     133,737
             – Imaging capability improvement service                Overtime          42,174      16,624
             – Remote Diagnosis                                   Point in time         3,269         498

                                                                                      292,559     150,859

             Digital-intelligence services
             – Sales of products and solutions related
                  to data processing                              Point in time        20,764           –
             – Digital-intelligence platform services                Overtime           4,924       4,013
             – AI diagnosis service                               Point in time         1,092         745

                                                                                       26,780       4,758

                                                                                      873,120     760,591




166   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(b)   Revenue during the year (continued)

      The Group’s revenue from sales to customers in different countries and regions is as
      follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

      – Chinese Mainland                                                     849,980           751,102
      – Overseas (including Hong Kong and Macau)                              23,140             9,489

                                                                             873,120           760,591


      Please refer to note 5(d) for more details about the revenue recognised by the Group.

      The Group has a large number of customers, no single customer accounted for more
      than 10% of the Group’s revenue during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(c)   Contract liabilities

      The Group has recognised the following contract liabilities which are the advances from
      customers:

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

      Contract liabilities related to imaging center services                   2,319            2,594
      Contract liabilities related to imaging solution services                 9,814           37,134

                                                                              12,133            39,728




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      5      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (c)    Contract liabilities (continued)

             The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the year ended 31
             December 2025 and 2024 relates to carried-forward contract liabilities:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2025           2024
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

             Revenue recognised that was included in the balance of
               contract liabilities at the beginning of the year
             Imaging center services                                             1,559          3,492
             Imaging solution services                                          37,134              4

                                                                                38,693          3,496


      (d)    Accounting policies of revenue recognition

             The Group is engaged in imaging business including 3 categories of business:

             •      Imaging center services

             •      Imaging solution services

             •      Digital-intelligence services

             Revenue is measured at the consideration received or receivable for the services
             or products in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown after
             eliminating sales between the Group companies. The Group recognises revenue when it
             transfers control of the services or products to a customer. All revenue contracts are for
             periods of one year or less or are billed based on time incurred. As permitted under IFRS
             15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




168   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(d)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition (continued)

      a)   Imaging center services, remote diagnosis and AI diagnosis service
           The Group provides imaging examination and diagnostic services in form of
           flagship imaging centers, regional collaborative imaging centers, remote diagnosis
           and AI diagnosis service to

           (i)    hospitals and other medical institutions as well as health management
                  companies to serve their customers, or

           (ii)   individual patients and other healthcare consumers.

           Revenue from imaging examination and diagnostic services is recognised when
           diagnostic reports are delivered and accepted by customers.

           The Group also provides medical imaging operational management services in form
           of specialised medical consortium imaging centers and operational management
           imaging centers to hospitals and other medical institutions as well as health
           management companies. Such services aim at optimising customers’ operations
           and management model, including: professional skill improvement, operational
           management consulting, and informatization construction.

           Revenue from medical imaging operational management services is recognised
           in the period in which the services are rendered in accordance with fixed
           service fee per month and floating service fee based on certain percentages of
           monthly operating results because the customer receives and uses the benefits
           simultaneously.

      b)   Imaging solution services
           Imaging solution services provided by the Group mainly include imaging equipment
           and software solutions and imaging capability improvement service.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      5      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (d)    Accounting policies of revenue recognition (continued)

             b)     Imaging solution services (continued)
                    (i)  Imaging equipment and software solutions
                         •     Imaging equipment solutions

                           The Group provides imaging equipment solutions to hospitals and other
                           medical institutions as well as health management companies, mainly
                           including equipment selection, acquisition and configuration, repair and
                           maintenance services.

                           Revenue from the portion of equipment selection, acquisition and
                           configuration is recognised when equipment is delivered and accepted
                           by customers while the portion of short-term repair and maintenance is
                           recognised when the service is performed.

                           The Group has certain contracts with customers of imaging equipment
                           solutions with financing components where the period between the transfer
                           of the promising equipment to the customer and payment by the customer
                           exceeds one year.

                           As a consequence, the transaction price for these contracts is discounted,
                           using the prevailing interest rates in the relevant market. This rate is
                           commensurate with the rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
                           transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception.

                           Revenue from intermediaries is included in the revenue stream of imaging
                           equipment solutions, and the accounting treatment is consistent under
                           the same revenue stream. The Group enters into sales contracts with the
                           intermediaries, which specifies the name of the medical institution to which
                           the Group directly delivers the products. Revenue is recognised when the
                           Group transfers control of products directly to the end medical institutions
                           customer as specified in the agreement. The intermediaries do not obtain
                           control of the products in the delivery process of sales arrangement.

                           •      Sales of software

                           Revenue from softwares is recognised when the softwares are delivered and
                           accepted by customers.




170   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(d)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition (continued)

      b)   Imaging solution services (continued)
           (ii) Imaging capability improvement service
                Imaging capability improvement service mainly include the equipment
                maintenance services and revenue from educational services.

                 •     Equipment maintenance services

                 The Group also provides long-term maintenance services to certain
                 customers. Contract duration is generally more than one year and the
                 contract contains a single performance obligation as delivery of integrated
                 maintenance services over a period of time. The contract is normally at fixed
                 price and paid according to payment terms specified in the contract. Upfront
                 payments received by the Group are initially recognised as a contract liability.
                 Services revenue is recognised as the performance obligation satisfied over
                 time based on the stage of completion of the contract. The Group uses
                 straight-line method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of
                 the performance obligation under IFRS 15. Costs including raw materials,
                 labour and other maintenance costs attributable to the services are included
                 in “cost of sales”.

                 •     Revenue from educational services

                 Revenue from educational services which mainly represents the tuition fee
                 are recognised over time because the customer simultaneously receives and
                 consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
                 performs. It is recognised over time using input method, i.e. based on the
                 Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation
                 relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance
                 obligation contract that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
                 control of goods or services. The Group collects the educational service fee
                 once a year before the commencement of providing the educational services.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      5      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
      (d)    Accounting policies of revenue recognition (continued)

            (c)     Digital-intelligence services
                    Digital-intelligence services mainly include sales of products and solutions related
                    to data processing and digital-intelligence platform services.

                    (i)    Sales of products and solutions related to data processing
                           The Group provides services of data solutions to customers during a
                           certain period. Data solutions include the data processing and analysis, etc.
                           The revenue of such solutions is recognized at a point of time when the
                           customers accept the products or solutions or when the customers obtain
                           the control of the products or solutions.

                    (ii)   Digital-intelligence platform services
                           The Group developed a cloud platform that enables the imaging centers
                           with digitised operations and accumulated valuable data assets and data
                           service capabilities. Leverage such cloud platform, the Group offers the
                           cloud platform-based services and diagnostic report management system
                           softwares to customers such as hospitals and other medical institutions as
                           well as health management companies.

                           Revenue from cloud platform services business is recognised when
                           customers get the access to the cloud platform as the services are rendered.




172   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025


6   OTHER INCOME
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

    Government grants and subsidies (a)                                              5,544             8,391
    Tax refund                                                                         310             1,415
    Interest income of installment sales                                             2,124             2,698
    Rental income of leasing equipment                                               2,663             1,100
    Others                                                                               –                 2

                                                                                    10,641            13,606

    (a)   Government grants and subsidies mainly included government grants from the local government in
          Jiangxi Province in recognition of the contribution of the Group to local economy’s development. There
          were no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to these grants.


7   OTHER GAINS – NET
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

    Net gains on termination of right-of-use assets                                  3,361             1,127
    Net losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment                          (553)             (288)
    Net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss (Note 3.3)                                             11,765             2,470
    Exchange (losses)/gains – net                                                   (8,018)            3,354
    Net gains on disposal of asset classified as held for sale                         297                 –
    Others                                                                          (1,481)             (979)

                                                                                     5,371             5,684




                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025     173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      8      EXPENSES BY NATURE
             The detailed analysis of cost of sales, selling expenses, administrative expenses and
             research and development expenses is as follows:

                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

             Raw materials and trading medical equipment                   244,738       136,166
             Employee benefit expenses (Note 9)                            203,221       220,589
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)       160,049       154,171
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 14)                  30,041        37,308
             Amortization of intangible assets (Note 16)                     8,923         3,879
             Repair and maintenance                                         51,025        55,961
             Listing expenses                                                    –        41,465
             Rental expenses and property fees                              12,217        11,429
             Travelling expenses                                            14,624        13,352
             Office expenses                                                10,451        11,742
             Entertainment fees                                             13,042        14,906
             Utilities                                                       6,843         6,830
             Professional service fees                                       4,993         5,561
             System service fees                                            18,216        20,588
             Marketing fees                                                 41,106        38,046
             Business tax and other taxes                                    1,054         1,675
             Auditor remuneration
             – Audit services                                                3,400         2,880
             – Non-audit services                                              100           100
             Others                                                          5,142         8,208

                                                                           829,185       784,856




174   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


9     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Salaries, wages and bonus                                             180,895           198,540
      Contributions to pension plan (a)                                      11,800            11,214
      Housing fund, medical insurance and
        other social insurance                                               10,526            10,363
      Share-based payments expenses (Note 26)                                     –               472

                                                                            203,221           220,589


(a)   Contributions to pension plan

      The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed pension
      obligations operated by the PRC Government. The Group is required to contribute a
      specified percentage of payroll costs as determined by respective local government
      authority to the pension obligations to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group
      with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the specified contributions
      under the scheme.

      No forfeited contributions were utilised during the years end 31 December 2025 and
      2024 to offset the Group’s contribution to the abovementioned retirement benefit
      schemes.

(b)   Five highest paid individuals

      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended
      31 December 2025 include 3 (2024: 2) directors. Their emoluments are reflected in the
      analysis presented in note 38. Details of the remunerations of the remaining 2 (2024: 3)
      highest paid non-director individuals during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
      are as follows:

                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Salaries, wages and bonuses                                              1,731            4,788
      Pension cost – defined contribution plans                                   78               67
      Housing fund, medical insurance and other social benefits                   78               75

                                                                               1,887            4,930


                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      9      EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (continued)
      (b)    Five highest paid individuals (continued)

             The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals except for director(s), whose
             emoluments have been disclosed in note 38, fell within the following bands:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2025           2024

             Emolument band (HK$1 to HK$1,000,000)                                  1             –
             Emolument band (HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000)                          1             2
             Emolument band (HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000)                          –             1

                                                                                    2             3


             During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no director or any of the five highest
             paid individuals waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments, and no director or any
             of the five highest paid individuals received emoluments from the Group as inducement
             to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.


      10     FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS
                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

             Finance income:
             – Interest income from bank deposits                              7,279         4,052

             Finance costs:
             – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                          (10,402)        (6,426)
             – Interest expenses on other borrowings                         (13,800)      (11,180)
             – Finance expenses on lease liabilities (Note 14)                 (4,922)       (7,855)

                                                                             (29,124)      (25,461)

             Amount capitalised (Note 15)                                        460           189

             Total finance costs                                             (28,664)      (25,272)

             Finance costs – net                                             (21,385)      (21,220)




176   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


11    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
      All the associates of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are not significant to the Group.
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss of the Group’s
      associates and joint ventures, attributable to the shares of the Group and in aggregate,
      are as follows:

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Share of results of associates (a)                                     (7,557)           (3,005)


      The amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:

                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Interests in associates (a)                                           50,561            44,398


(a)   Interests in associates

      The movements in interests in associates are as follows:

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      At beginning of the year                                              44,398            30,760
      Additions                                                             13,720            17,280
      Adjustments – Unrealised profits arising from
        transactions with associates                                              –              (637)
      Share of results                                                       (7,557)           (3,005)

      At end of the year                                                    50,561            44,398




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      11    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
            (continued)
      (a)    Interests in associates (continued)

             Set out below are the associates of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. The
             associates as listed below are equity/ordinary shares investment, which held directly
             by the Group. Chinese Mainland is their principal place of business. The proportion of
             ownership interest is the same as the proportion of voting rights held.

                                                         Place of
                                                         business/       % of ownership
                                                         region of       interest as at 31   Nature of      Measure
             Name of entity                              incorporation      December         relationship   method    Principal activities
                                                                          2025        2024

             Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.      Beijing, PRC     35.00      35.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                北京一脈萬方門診有限責任公司
             Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co.,     Shanghai, PRC    16.00      16.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                Ltd. 漢吉健康管理(上海)有限公司
             Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging          Shanghai, PRC    15.00      15.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
                Zhengying”)上海正影醫學影像診斷中心有
                限公司
             Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology    Shanghai, PRC    15.00      15.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                Co., Ltd. 上海一脈心雲醫療科技有限公司
             Beijing Yimai Health Management Co., Ltd.   Beijing, PRC     20.00      20.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                北京一脈健康管理有限公司
             Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical       Fujian, PRC      49.00      49.00 Associate        Equity    Medical Services
                Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.
                寧德市交投一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限
                公司
             Beijing Qingying Huakang Technology Co.,    Beijing, PRC      4.67        4.67 Associate       Equity    Medical Services
                Ltd. (“Qingying Huakang”)北京清影華康科
                技有限公司
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou                Shanghai, PRC    25.86      18.00 Associate        Equity    Technology development,
                Technology Co., Ltd. 上海融公社芳侯科技                                                                          technology consulting,
                有限公司                                                                                                    technology service,
                                                                                                                        technology transfer
             Rimag Cloud Medical Technology (Beijing)    Beijing, PRC     40.00        N/A Associate        Equity    Technical support
                Co., Ltd. 一脈雲醫學科技(北京)有限公司                                                                               services
             Xizang Yimai Qingteng Internet Technology   Xizang, PRC      20.00        N/A Associate        Equity    Technology development,
                Co., Ltd. 西藏一脈青藤互聯科技有限公司                                                                                technology consulting,
                                                                                                                        technology service,
                                                                                                                        technology transfer
178   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


11    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
      (continued)
(b)   Summarised financial information for material associates

      The tables below provide summarised financial information for the Group’s material
      associates. The information disclosed reflects the amounts presented in the financial
      statements of the relevant associates and not the Group’s share of those amounts. The
      amounts have been amended to reflect adjustments made by the entity when using
      the equity method, including fair value adjustments and modifications for differences in
      accounting policies.

                                                        Shanghai Ronggongshe   Ningde Jiaotou Yimai     Shanghai Zhengying
                                                         Fanghou Technology Sunshine Medical Imaging Medical Imaging Diagnosis
                                                               Limited       Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.   Center Co., Ltd.
                                                            Year ended 31         Year ended 31           Year ended 31
                                                              December              December                 December
                                                           2025        2024         2025       2024         2025        2024
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Current assets
       Cash and cash equivalents                           14,154       1,516         694       8,667       3,406       3,066
       Other current assets                                75,063      67,739       3,148       2,680      11,305      11,236

      Total current assets                                 89,217      69,255       3,842      11,347      14,711      14,302

      Non-current assets                                   13,346      10,403      74,177      85,705      39,663      48,943

      Current liabilities
       Financial liabilities
          (excluding trade and notes payables)             36,427      16,822      17,153      19,727       3,000       3,000
       Other current liabilities                            7,687      18,720      33,820      33,804      29,778      31,073

      Total current liabilities                            44,114      35,542      50,973      53,531      32,778      34,073

      Non-current liabilities
       Financial liabilities
         (excluding trade and notes payables)               2,189       3,734       8,942      11,288      14,362      15,838

      Total non-current liabilities                         2,189       3,734       8,942      11,288      14,362      15,838

      Net assets                                           56,260      40,382      18,104      32,233       7,234      13,334




                                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025          179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      11    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
            (continued)
      (c)    Summarised financial information for material associates (continued)

            Reconciliation to carrying amounts

                                                         Shanghai Ronggongshe   Ningde Jiaotou Yimai     Shanghai Zhengying
                                                          Fanghou Technology Sunshine Medical Imaging Medical Imaging Diagnosis
                                                                Limited       Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.   Center Co., Ltd.
                                                             Year ended 31         Year ended 31           Year ended 31
                                                               December              December                 December
                                                             2025       2024         2025         2024        2025        2024
                                                          RMB’000       ’
                                                                     RMB 000      RMB’000         ’
                                                                                               RMB 000     RMB’000     RMB’000

             Closing net assets                             56,260      40,382      18,104       32,233      7,234      13,334

             Group’s share in %                               26%         18%          49%         49%        15%         15%
             Group’s share                                  14,548       7,269        8,871      15,794      1,085       2,000
             Goodwill                                       16,132      10,306            –           –        960         960
             Unrealised profits                                  –           –       (1,593)     (1,787)         –           –
             Carrying amount                                30,680      17,575        7,278      14,007      2,045       2,960
             Revenue                                        18,623      15,784      17,071       57,551     18,787      15,650
             Profit/(Loss) for the year                      2,066      (2,032)    (14,129)      (4,030)    (6,101)     (7,798)

             Total comprehensive Profit/(Loss)               2,066      (2,032)    (14,129)      (4,030)     (6,101)     (7,798)




180   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


11    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
      (continued)
(d)   Individually immaterial associates

      In addition to the interests in associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests
      in a number of individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity
      method.

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

      Aggregate carrying amount of individually
        immaterial associates                                                 10,558             9,857

      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
      Loss for the year                                                          (298)             (155)

      Total comprehensive loss                                                   (298)             (155)


12    INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      The amounts of income tax expense charged to profit or loss in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss represent:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

      Current income tax                                                      19,210            15,877
      Deferred income tax (Note 31)                                          (12,880)           (8,350)
      – Deferred income tax assets                                             (2,017)          (6,990)
      – Deferred income tax liabilities                                      (10,863)           (1,360)

                                                                                6,330            7,527




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      12     INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
             The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

             The Company’s subsidiary incorporated in Turkey is subject to Turkey profits tax at a
             rate of 25% for the year ended 31 December 2025.

             The Company’s subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits
             tax at a rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

             The Company’s other subsidiaries established and operated in Chinese Mainland are
             subject to the PRC corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25%.

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, according to the relevant laws and regulations
             promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, enterprises engaging
             in research and development activities were entitled to claim 200% of their research
             and development expenses incurred as tax deductible expenses when determining their
             assessable profits for that year (the “Super Deduction”).

             In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
             (OECD) issued model rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar Two) (i.e.
             BEPS 2.0), and various governments around the world have issued, or are in the
             process of issuing, legislation on this. Pillar Two legislation in Hong Kong, namely
             the Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups)
             Ordinance 2025, has been enacted on 6th June 2025 and the rules take effect from 1
             January 2025. Other respective governments of the Group’s major operating regions
             have not substantively enacted the legislation on Pillar Two as of the date of approval
             of these 2025 financial statements. In conjunction with the ultimate holding company
             of the Group, an assessment was performed on the various regions that the Group has
             operations and no material exposure was identified or recognised during the year ended
             31 December 2025.




182   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


12   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable corporate
     income tax rate and loss before income tax, with the actual corporate income tax during
     the year is as follow:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

     Loss before income tax                                                 (4,175)         (51,331)

     Tax calculated at applicable statutory tax rate                        (1,044)         (12,833)
     – Effect of preferential tax rates (a)                                 (6,251)           (2,756)
     – Super deduction on research and development
          expenditure                                                       (2,893)          (1,871)
     – Expenses not deductible for tax purpose                               8,807           13,730
     – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                    (3,191)            (539)
     – Temporary differences for which no deferred
          income tax assets was recognised                                   9,276            7,298
     – Share-based payment expense not recognised
          as deferred tax assets                                                  –               93
     – Recognition of deferred tax assets on previously
          unrecognised tax losses and other temporary
          differences                                                     (20,624)          (10,806)
     – Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                    20,284            14,401
     – Share of result of investment in equity method                       1,966               810

     Income tax expense                                                      6,330            7,527




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      12     INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
             (a)    The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the Group’s entities located in
                    Chinese Mainland is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC
                    (the “EIT Law”) effective on 1 January 2008 unless these subject to preferential tax
                    rate set out below.

                    Each of Beijing Rimag Sunshine Medical Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing
                    Information”), Hubei Zhiying Rimag Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Zhiying”)
                    and Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (“Changsha Zhongya”)
                    was qualified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” certificate. Shicheng
                    Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (“Shicheng Rimag”), Xixian Xinqu
                    Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Xixian Rimag”) and Shehong Jiashi Rimag
                    Medical Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Shehong Rimag”) could enjoy the preferential
                    policy of income tax for the development of the western region. According to
                    the approval from the local taxation authority, each of Beijing Information, Hubei
                    Zhiying, Shicheng Rimag, Xixian Rimag and Shehong Rimag was entitled to a
                    preferential income tax rate of 15% for 2024 and 2025, and Changsha Zhongya
                    was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for 2025.

                    The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the small and micro enterprises is 5%
                    according to the “EIT Law”.

             (b)    Deferred tax assets not recognised:

                    The Group has not recognised any deferred tax assets in respect of the following
                    items:

                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2025           2024
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000

                    Tax Losses(c)                                              307,922        309,523
                    Deductible temporary differences                           103,644        101,506

                                                                               411,566        411,029




184   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


12    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
      (c)     Tax losses

              The Group principally conducted its business in the Chinese Mainland, where the
              accumulated tax losses will normally expire within 5 years.

              Tax losses that are not recognised for deferred income tax assets will expire as
              follows:

                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

              2025                                                                  –            37,007
              2026                                                             39,768            39,668
              2027                                                             60,390            68,358
              2028                                                             68,877            89,239
              2029                                                             57,753            53,431
              Later on 2029                                                    81,134            21,820

                                                                              307,922           309,523


              The unused tax losses incurred by the Company and subsidiaries are not likely
              to generate sufficient taxable income in the foreseeable future. No deferred
              income tax assets have been recognised in respect of such tax losses due to the
              unpredictability of future taxable income.

13    EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
(a)   Basic

      Basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated by dividing the loss of the Group attributable
      to the equity holders of the Company by weighted average number of ordinary shares
      outstanding during the year.

                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025              2024

      Profit/(loss) attributable to the equity holders of
        the Company (RMB’000)                                                    3,748          (45,919)
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        outstanding (thousand shares)                                         372,763           348,659

      Basic earnings/(loss) per share
        (expressed in RMB per share)                                             0.010            (0.132)



                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      13     LOSS PER SHARE (continued)
      (b)    Diluted

             During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had no potential ordinary
             shares. Accordingly, diluted earnings/(loss) per share for the years ended 31 December
             2025 and 2024 are the same as basic earnings/(loss) per share for the respective years.


      14     LEASES
      (a)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

             Right-of-use assets
             – Buildings                                                     65,620         94,236
             – Machines                                                      15,593         35,156

                                                                             81,213        129,392
             Lease liabilities
             – Current                                                       33,233         43,540
             – Non-current                                                   58,943        101,856

                                                                             92,176        145,396


             Movements in right-of-use assets in 2025 and 2024 are analysed as follows:

                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

             Opening net book amount                                        129,392        159,904
             Additions                                                       31,867         15,824
             Lease termination                                              (46,467)         (6,821)
             Lease modification                                               (3,538)        (2,207)
             Depreciation charge (Note 8)                                   (30,041)       (37,308)

             Closing net book amount                                         81,213        129,392




186   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025


14    LEASES (continued)
(b)   Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss

      Deprecation of right-of-use assets has been charged to profit or loss in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                           2025                                 2024
                                              Lease of     Lease of                Lease of     Lease of
                                              buildings   machines       Total     buildings   machines        Total

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Depreciation expenses of
        right-of-use assets in
      – Cost of sales                           19,435        5,186     24,621       20,570       10,639      31,209
      – Administrative expenses                  5,420            –      5,420        6,099            –       6,099

                                                24,855        5,186     30,041       26,669       10,639      37,308

      Interest expenses (Note 10)                                        4,922                                 7,855
      Expenses relating to short-term
        leases (included in administrative
        expenses and research and
        development expenses)                                            5,342                                 5,201

      Total charges to statement of
        profit or loss                                                  40,305                                50,364


      The total cash outflows for leases during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024
      were approximately RMB41,985,000 and RMB49,340,000 respectively.




                                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      15     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                           Office furniture   Electronic   Leasehold     Construction
                                                            Machineries       and fixtures    equipment improvements      in progress       Total
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2025
             Cost                                               986,768            10,982        32,938       265,819         235,713     1,532,220
             Accumulated depreciation                          (501,102)           (8,103)      (25,002)     (188,255)              –      (722,462)

             Net book amount                                    485,666             2,879         7,936       77,564          235,713      809,758
             Year ended 31 December 2025
             Opening net book amount                            485,666              2,879        7,936        77,564         235,713       809,758
             Additions                                            5,794                274        1,799        10,141           73,441        91,449
             Capitalisation of interest expense (Note 10)             –                  –            –           460                –            460
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                              –                  –       13,398           272                –        13,670
             Transfers                                          129,018              1,566       26,180        18,265        (175,029)              –
             Transfers to intangible assets                           –                  –            –             –          (10,609)      (10,609)
             Disposals                                             (674)              (102)        (224)         (169)               –         (1,169)
             Depreciation charge (Note 8)                      (120,217)            (1,073)      (4,549)      (34,210)               –     (160,049)

             Closing net book amount                            499,587             3,544        44,540       72,323          123,516      743,510
             As at 31 December 2025
             Cost                                             1,084,194            12,663        86,100       301,323         123,516     1,607,796
             Accumulated depreciation                          (584,607)           (9,119)      (41,560)     (229,000)              –      (864,286)

             Net book amount                                    499,587             3,544        44,540       72,323          123,516      743,510




188   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


15   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                                    Office furniture    Electronic   Leasehold     Construction
                                                    Machineries        and fixtures     equipment improvements      in progress      Total
                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2024
     Cost                                               944,482             10,647         28,722       246,740          96,921    1,327,512
     Accumulated depreciation                          (406,918)            (6,989)       (22,672)     (149,811)              –     (586,390)

     Net book amount                                    537,564              3,658          6,050        96,929          96,921     741,122
     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Opening net book amount                            537,564               3,658         6,050        96,929          96,921      741,122
     Additions                                           25,729                 252         3,937        10,109         184,824      224,851
     Capitalisation of interest expense (Note 10)              –                   –             –          189               –           189
     Transfers                                           34,150                 285           884        10,713         (46,032)            –
     Disposals                                            (1,756)                (12)          (31)        (434)              –        (2,233)
     Depreciation charge (Note 8)                      (110,021)             (1,304)       (2,904)      (39,942)              –     (154,171)

     Closing net book amount                            485,666              2,879          7,936        77,564         235,713     809,758
     As at 31 December 2024
     Cost                                               986,768             10,982         32,938       265,819         235,713    1,532,220
     Accumulated depreciation                          (501,102)            (8,103)       (25,002)     (188,255)              –     (722,462)

     Net book amount                                    485,666              2,879          7,936        77,564         235,713     809,758




                                                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025             189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      15     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s machineries with net book value of
             approximately RMB16,050,000 and RMB23,833,000, respectively, had been pledged
             for the Group’s bank borrowings of approximately RMB15,052,000 and RMB14,162,000
             respectively.

             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s machineries with net book value of
             approximately RMB94,855,000 and RMB158,439,000, respectively, had been pledged
             for the Group’s loans from financial leasing companies of approximately RMB93,381,000
             and RMB101,047,000 respectively.

             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment charged to profit or loss is analysed as
             follows:

                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

             Cost of sales                                                 155,816        150,271
             Administrative expenses                                         4,219          3,861
             Research and development expenses                                  14             39

             Total                                                         160,049        154,171




190   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025


16   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                       Client
                                          Goodwill      Software        Licence relationship         Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000

     At 1 January 2025
     Cost                                   19,231         24,147        11,447          5,000        59,825
     Accumulated amortisation                    –         (9,841)       (2,359)        (1,430)      (13,630)

     Net book amount                        19,231         14,306         9,088          3,570        46,195
     Year ended 31 December 2025
     Opening net book amount                19,231         14,306         9,088          3,570        46,195
       Additions                                 –          7,958            37              –         7,995
     Transfers from Construction in
       progress                                  –         10,609              –            –         10,609
     Acquisition of subsidiaries            25,815            127          3,110       65,072         94,124
     Amortisation (Note 8)                       –         (3,076)        (1,242)      (4,605)        (8,923)
     Impairment loss (c) (i)                (4,137)             –              –            –         (4,137)

     Closing net book amount                40,909         29,924        10,993        64,037       145,863
     At 31 December 2025
     Cost                                   45,046         42,841        14,594        70,072       172,553
     Accumulated amortisation                    –        (12,917)       (3,601)       (6,035)      (22,553)
     Impairment loss                        (4,137)             –             –             –         (4,137)

     Net book amount                        40,909         29,924        10,993        64,037       145,863
     At 1 January 2024
     Cost                                   19,231         21,017        10,717          5,000        55,965
     Accumulated amortisation                    –         (7,417)       (1,321)        (1,013)       (9,751)

     Net book amount                        19,231         13,600         9,396          3,987        46,214
     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Opening net book amount                19,231         13,600          9,396         3,987        46,214
     Additions                                   –          3,130            730             –         3,860
     Amortisation (Note 8)                       –         (2,424)        (1,038)         (417)       (3,879)

     Closing net book amount                19,231         14,306         9,088          3,570        46,195
     At 31 December 2024
     Cost                                   19,231         24,147        11,447          5,000        59,825
     Accumulated amortisation                    –         (9,841)       (2,359)        (1,430)      (13,630)

     Net book amount                        19,231         14,306         9,088          3,570        46,195




                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      16     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
      (a)    Amortization of intangible assets has been charged to the consolidated statement of
             profit or loss as follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

             Cost of sales                                                    7,166          1,658
             Research and development expenses                                   42            228
             Administrative expenses                                          1,715          1,993

             Total                                                            8,923          3,879


      (b)    Impairment tests for goodwill

             Impairment review on the goodwill with indefinite useful life has been conducted by the
             management as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, respectively, in accordance with IAS 36
             “Impairment of assets”. The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs
             is as follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

             Hubei Zhiying (i)                                                7,802         11,939
             Wenzhou Yiying (ii)                                              7,292          7,292
             Guangzhou Gaomai (iii)                                          17,635             —
             Changsha Zhongya (iv)                                            7,625             —
             Wuhan Ronggongshe                                                  555             —


                                                                             40,909         19,231


             For the purpose of impairment review, the recoverable amount of the CGU is determined
             based on the higher amount of the FVLCD and value-in-use calculations.




192   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


16    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
(b)   Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

      (i)   Impairment test for goodwill of Hubei Zhiying
            As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the recoverable amount of aforementioned
            CGU was determined based on value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use
            calculations use cash flow projections based on business plan for the purpose
            of impairment reviews covering a five-year period. The accuracy and reliability of
            the information is reasonably assured by the appropriate budgeting, forecast and
            control process established by the Group. Management engaged an independent
            external valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the goodwill and leveraged
            their extensive experiences in the healthcare industry and provided forecast based
            on past performance and their expectation of future business plans and market
            developments. The values assigned to the key assumptions and discount rates are
            consistent with external information sources.

            As at 31 December 2025, based on the results of the abovementioned assessments
            as conducted by management, the directors of the Company concluded that the
            impairment loss on the aforementioned goodwill amounted to RMB4,137,000
            should be recognized for the year ended 31 December 2025.

            As at December 31, 2025, had there been an increase of the pre-tax discount
            rate of the forecast period by 1 percentage point, the impairment loss on goodwill
            would be increased by RMB 1,346,000.

            As at 31 December 2024, the estimated recoverable amount of RMB44,302,000
            based on value-in-use calculations exceeded its carrying value by RMB17,474,000
            respectively, and management therefore concluded such goodwill was not
            impaired. The directors of the Company have considered and assessed that any
            reasonably possible changes in key parameters would not cause the carrying
            amount of the CGU of Hubei Zhiying exceed its recoverable amount.

            As at December 31, 2024, had there been an increase of the pre-tax discount rate
            of the forecast period by 1 percentage point, the remaining headroom would be
            decreased to RMB14,741,000.

            The following table sets out the key assumptions adopted by management in the
            impairment assessment:

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2025              2024

            Revenue annual growth rate – average
              of the forecast period                                         16.3%             3.3%
            Average gross profit margins                                     64.3%            50.5%
            Long-term annual growth rate                                      2.0%             2.0%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                            18.4%            18.6%



                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      16     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
      (b)    Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

            (ii)    Impairment test for goodwill of Wenzhou Yiying
                    As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the recoverable amount of aforementioned
                    CGU was determined based on value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use
                    calculations use cash flow projections based on business plan for the purpose
                    of impairment reviews covering a five-year period. The accuracy and reliability of
                    the information is reasonably assured by the appropriate budgeting, forecast and
                    control process established by the Group. Management engaged an independent
                    external valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the goodwill and leveraged
                    their extensive experiences in the imaging industry and provided forecast based
                    on past performance and their expectation of future business plans and market
                    developments. The values assigned to the key assumptions and discount rates
                    are consistent with external information sources. As at 31 December 2025 and
                    2024, the estimated recoverable amount of RMB63,781,000 and RMB70,230,000
                    respectively based on value-in-use calculations exceeded its carrying value by
                    RMB11,597,000 and RMB9,447,000, and management therefore concluded such
                    goodwill was not impaired. The directors of the Company have considered and
                    assessed that any reasonably possible changes in key parameters would not cause
                    the carrying amount of the CGU of Wenzhou Yiying exceed its recoverable amount.

                    As at December 31, 2025, had there been an increase of the pre-tax discount rate
                    of the forecast period by 1 percentage point, the remaining headroom would be
                    decreased to RMB6,134,000 (2024: RMB4,811,000).

                    Based on the results of the abovementioned assessments as conducted by
                    management and the independent external valuer, the directors of the Company
                    concluded that no impairment loss on the aforementioned goodwill are required to
                    be recognised as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                    The following table sets out the key assumptions adopted by management in the
                    impairment assessment:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2025           2024

                    Revenue annual growth rate – average
                      of the forecast period                                   26.5%          33.1%
                    Average gross profit margins                               21.1%          21.9%
                    Long-term annual growth rate                                2.0%           2.0%
                    Pre-tax discount rate                                      16.7%          16.8%



194   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


16    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
(b)   Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

      (iii)   Impairment test for goodwill of Guangzhou Gaomai
              As at 31 December 2025, the recoverable amount of aforementioned CGU was
              determined based on value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use calculations
              use cash flow projections based on business plan for the purpose of impairment
              reviews covering a five-year period. The accuracy and reliability of the information
              is reasonably assured by the appropriate budgeting, forecast and control process
              established by the Group. Management engaged an independent external
              valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the goodwill and leveraged their
              extensive experiences in the imaging industry and provided forecast based on
              past performance and their expectation of future business plans and market
              developments. The values assigned to the key assumptions and discount rates
              are consistent with external information sources. As at 31 December 2025,
              the estimated recoverable amount of RMB76,923,000 based on value-in-use
              calculations exceeded its carrying value by RMB3,471,000, and management
              therefore concluded such goodwill was not impaired. The directors of the
              Company have considered and assessed that any reasonably possible changes in
              key parameters would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU of Guangzhou
              Gaomai exceed its recoverable amount.

              As at December 31, 2025, had there been an increase of the pre-tax discount rate
              of the forecast period by 1 percentage point, the remaining headroom would be
              decreased to RMB1,657,000.

              Based on the results of the abovementioned assessments as conducted by
              management and the independent external valuer, the directors of the Company
              concluded that no impairment loss on the aforementioned goodwill are required to
              be recognised as at 31 December 2025.

              The following table sets out the key assumptions adopted by management in the
              impairment assessment:

                                                                                          Year ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                2025

              Revenue annual growth rate – average
                of the forecast period                                                           13.9%
              Average gross profit margins                                                       47.0%
              Long-term annual growth rate                                                        2.0%
              Pre-tax discount rate                                                              19.4%


                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      16     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
      (b)    Impairment tests for goodwill (continued)

            (iv)    Impairment test for goodwill of Changsha Zhongya
                    As at 31 December 2025, the recoverable amount of aforementioned CGU was
                    determined based on value-in-use calculations. The value-in-use calculations
                    use cash flow projections based on business plan for the purpose of impairment
                    reviews covering a five-year period. The accuracy and reliability of the information
                    is reasonably assured by the appropriate budgeting, forecast and control process
                    established by the Group. Management engaged an independent external
                    valuer to assess the recoverable amounts of the goodwill and leveraged their
                    extensive experiences in the imaging industry and provided forecast based on
                    past performance and their expectation of future business plans and market
                    developments. The values assigned to the key assumptions and discount rates
                    are consistent with external information sources. As at 31 December 2025,
                    the estimated recoverable amount of RMB27,289,000 based on value-in-use
                    calculations exceeded its carrying value by RMB6,030,000, and management
                    therefore concluded such goodwill was not impaired. The directors of the
                    Company have considered and assessed that any reasonably possible changes
                    in key parameters would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU of Changsha
                    Zhongya exceed its recoverable amount.

                    As at December 31, 2025, had there been an increase of the pre-tax discount rate
                    of the forecast period by 1 percentage point, the remaining headroom would be
                    decreased to RMB555,000.

                    Based on the results of the abovementioned assessments as conducted by
                    management and the independent external valuer, the directors of the Company
                    concluded that no impairment loss on the aforementioned goodwill are required to
                    be recognised as at 31 December 2025.

                    The following table sets out the key assumptions adopted by management in the
                    impairment assessment:

                                                                                          Year ended
                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                2025

                    Revenue annual growth rate – average
                      of the forecast period                                                     3.3%
                    Average gross profit margins                                                50.3%
                    Long-term annual growth rate                                                 1.0%
                    Pre-tax discount rate                                                       16.6%

                    For impairment test of intangible assets other than goodwill, please refer to Note
                    16.


196   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


17   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
     As at 31 December 2025, the financial instruments of the Group are analysed as follows:

                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

     Financial assets
     Financial assets at amortized cost:
     – Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
         (Note 23)                                                         631,410           264,895
     – Trade receivables and long-term trade receivables
         (Note 20)                                                         585,928           506,488
     – Notes receivables                                                         –             1,600
     – Other receivables (Note 21)                                          76,728            73,117
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       (Note 22)                                                           156,442            60,431
     Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 18)                                     4,591             3,400

                                                                        1,455,099            909,931
     Financial liabilities
     Liabilities at amortized cost:
     Borrowings (Note 30)                                                  523,543           433,214
     Trade and notes payables (Note 28)                                     66,521            26,485
     Other payables and accruals (excluding non-financial
       liabilities)                                                         31,939            34,364
     Lease liabilities (Note 14)                                            92,176           145,396
     Other non-current liabilities                                             514               815

                                                                           714,693           640,274




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      18     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT                            FAIR        VALUE          THROUGH        OTHER
             COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025          2024
                                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

             Current
             Debt investments
             – Notes receivables (a)                                                         2,191           400

             Non current
             – Unlisted equity investments                                                   2,400       3,000

             (a)    As at 31 December 2025, balances were notes receivables aged within one year.


             For information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the fair value of
             debt investment, please refer to Note 3.3(b).

             Movement of FVOCI is analysed as follows:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025          2024
                                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

             At beginning of the year                                                        3,400        8,263
             Additions                                                                       2,191      20,049
             Modification of financial instruments                                               –       (4,772)
             Capital reduction                                                                (600)           –
             Settlement on mature and factoring                                               (400)    (20,140)

             At end of the year                                                              4,591       3,400


      19     INVENTORIES
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025          2024
                                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

             Medical consumables                                                             4,553       6,745


             The costs of individual items of inventory are determined using weighted average costs.




198   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


20   TRADE RECEIVABLES AND LONG-TERM TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

     Current
     Trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                              573,274           469,339
     – due from related parties (Note 36(d))                                12,482             6,562

                                                                           585,756           475,901

     Less: provision for impairment (Note 3.1(b))                          (63,740)          (43,873)

                                                                           522,016           432,028

     Long-term trade receivables-current portion
     – due from third parties                                               49,241            50,788
     – due from related parties (Note 36(d))                                11,352             6,578

                                                                            60,593            57,366

     Less: provision for impairment (Note 3.1(b))                          (18,175)          (15,183)

                                                                            42,418            42,183

     Non-current
     Long-term trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                               11,110            17,487
     – due from related parties (Note 36(d))                                10,598            16,150

                                                                            21,708            33,637

     Less: provision for impairment (Note 3.1(b))                              (214)           (1,360)

                                                                            21,494            32,277

     Total                                                                 585,928           506,488




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      20    TRADE RECEIVABLES                       AND      LONG-TERM   TRADE     RECEIVABLES
            (continued)
             The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses
             prescribed by IFRS 9. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, provisions of RMB82,129,000
             and RMB60,416,000 were made against the gross amounts of trade receivables and
             long-term trade receivables (Note 3.1 (b)), respectively.

             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the aging analysis of the trade receivables based on
             the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                    447,314       383,265
             1 to 2 years                                                     68,426        69,148
             2 to 3 years                                                     52,466        17,267
             Over 3 years                                                     17,550         6,221

                                                                             585,756       475,901


             Due to the short-term nature of the trade receivables, their carrying amounts
             approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates and were mainly denominated
             in RMB.

             As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the aging analysis of the long-term trade receivables
             based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                      1,976          9,211
             1 to 2 years                                                      9,053         39,511
             2 to 3 years                                                     36,561         12,351
             Over 3 years                                                     34,711         29,930

                                                                              82,301         91,003


             The long-term trade receivables have been discounted and there is no material change
             on discount rate, so their carrying amounts approximated their fair values as at the
             balance sheet dates and were denominated in RMB.



200   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025


21   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

     Included in non-current assets
     Other receivables
     Deposits – non-current portion                                              28,216           15,938
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                                        –            7,962

                                                                                 28,216           23,900

     Less: provision for impairment (Note 3.1(b))                                  (590)             (577)

                                                                                 27,626           23,323

     Prepayments
     Prepayments for equity investments (Note)                                  29,066               600
     Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                 181,527           158,721
     Deductible value-added tax input                                           12,856            16,438
     Prepayments for intangible assets                                           5,516             9,329

                                                                               228,965           185,088

     Total                                                                     256,591           208,411
     Included in current assets
     Other receivables
     Other receivables from related parties (Note 36(d))                              –               45
     Loans to a third party                                                       2,279                –
     Equity transfer receivables                                                  1,904                –
     Deposits-current portion                                                     3,842           25,903
     Deposits to be used for repurchasing of shares (Note 24(b)(c))              13,181           13,675
     Advances to employees                                                        1,714              646
     Loans to related parties (Note 36(d))                                       15,443            7,450
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                                    9,712            1,712
     Others                                                                       1,168              764

                                                                                 49,243           50,195

     Less: provision for impairment (Note 3.1(b))                                  (141)             (401)

                                                                                 49,102           49,794

     Prepayments
     Prepayment to a related party (Note 36(d))                                   3,233            3,229
     Prepayments for equity investments (Note)                                   14,796                –
     Prepayment to suppliers                                                     32,725           47,013
     Deductible value-added tax input                                            25,045           28,756
     Prepaid expenses                                                            26,297           16,071

                                                                               102,096            95,069

     Total                                                                     151,198           144,863

                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      21     PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
             Note:

             (i)     The Company entered into a share transfer agreement on October 11, 2025 to acquire additional 45%
                     equity interest in the target company Shanghai Zhengying, an associate of the Company, which includes
                     two instalments to be paid by the Company at a total consideration of RMB23,000,000. In 2025, the
                     Company paid the first instalment amounting to RMB15,000,000, which was recorded as prepayment
                     for equity investments as at 31 December 2025.

             (ii)    The Group entered into a share transfer agreement on December 18, 2025 to acquire 100% equity
                     interest in the target company “Ledmar Imaging Center and Healthcare Services Ltd. (“Ledmar”), a
                     limited liability company established in Turkey, at a consideration of USD2,000,000 (approximately
                     RMB14,066,000). The Group paid all the consideration on December 29, 2025, and the transaction was
                     completed in January, 2026 (Note 40).

             (iii)   The Group entered into a share transfer agreement on December 3, 2025 to acquire additional 10%
                     equity interest held by minority shareholders in the target company “Xixian Rimag”, a subsidiary of
                     the Group, at a consideration of RMB18,000,000. After deducting withholding taxes and transaction
                     fees, the actual prepayment amount was RMB14,796,400 and was paid on December 4, 2025. As of
                     December 31, 2025, RMB14,796,000 was recorded as prepayment for equity investments.


      22     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

             Non-current
             – Unlisted debt instruments                                                      54,141            54,388
             – Contingent consideration of business combination                                4,906                 –
             – Unlisted equity investments                                                    97,395             6,043

                                                                                            156,442             60,431

             Movement of FVTPL is analysed as follows:

                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

             At beginning of the year                                                         60,431            53,869
             Additions                                                                        80,200                 –
             Addition of contingent consideration of business
               combination (Note 3.3(d))                                                       4,951                 –
             Modification of financial instruments                                                 –             4,772
             Changes in fair value (Note 7)                                                   11,765             2,470
             Settlement                                                                         (905)             (680)

             At end of the year                                                             156,442             60,431


202   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


23   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

     Cash and bank balances:
     – Cash at banks                                                      631,410           264,895

     Less: restricted cash – current portion                                (4,036)           (2,066)
     restricted cash – non-current portion                                  (3,400)             (442)

                                                                          623,974           262,387


     As at 31 December 2025, cash at banks with amounts of RMB6,829,000 were pledged
     to bank as security deposits for borrowing amounting to approximately RMB32,217,000
     (Note 30).

     As at 31 December 2024, cash at banks with amounts of RMB2,443,000 were pledged
     to bank as security deposits for borrowing amounting to approximately RMB10,117,000
     (Note 30).

     As at 31 December 2025, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of the Group
     were denominated in RMB and HKD (2024: RMB and HKD).




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      24     SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR
             EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME
                                                                                                 Shares
                                                                                                held for
                                             Number of   Number                               employee
                                               ordinary of Issued    Ordinary    Treasury         share
                                                shares     shares     Shares       shares       scheme       Total
                                             thousands thousands     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2024                338,496         –    338,496            –            –     338,496
             Issue of shares pursuant to
               the Listing                             –    17,816     17,816            –            –      17,816
             Repurchase of shares                      –         –          –            –      (14,037)    (14,037)

             As at 31 December 2024              338,496    17,816    356,312            –      (14,037)    342,275

             As at 1 January 2025                338,496    17,816    356,312            –      (14,037)    342,275
             Issues of shares placing                  –    44,750     44,750            –            –      44,750
             Repurchase of shares(a)(b)                –         –          –      (75,820)     (73,248)   (149,068)

             As at 31 December 2025              338,496    62,566    401,062      (75,820)     (87,285)    237,957

             (a)    Details of treasury shares


                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                      Issued shares
                                                                                                          thousands

                    As at 1 January 2025                                                                          –
                    Repurchase of shares                                                                     (5,481)

                    As at 31 December 2025                                                                   (5,481)


                    The Company repurchased 5,481,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward shares through the
                    Stock Exchange from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025. The total value of shares repurchased was
                    approximately RMB75,820,000 and has been deducted from shareholders’ equity.


                    As at 31 December 2025, RMB10,100,000 was deposited in securities to be used for repurchasing
                    treasury shares in 2025.




204   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025


24   SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR
     EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME (continued)
     (b)   Details of shares held for employee share scheme

                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                  Issued shares
                                                                                                      thousands

           As at 1 January 2025                                                                            (336)
           Repurchase of shares                                                                          (4,117)

           As at 31 December 2025                                                                        (4,453)


           In 2025, the Company repurchased 4,117,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward shares
           through the Stock Exchange by engaging a trustee. The total value of shares repurchased was
           approximately RMB73,248,000 and has been deducted from shareholders’ equity as at 31 December
           2025.

           As at 31 December 2025, RMB3,081,000 was deposited in certain trustee to be used for repurchasing
           treasury shares in 2025.


25   RESERVES
     The following table shows a breakdown of the balance sheet line items “reserves” and
     its movements during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. A description of the
     nature and purpose of each reserve is provided below the table.

                                                                                       Share-
                                                                        Financial      based
                                             Share        Capital       assets at    payment
                                          premium       reserves           FVOCI     reserves          Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2025                1,345,591        (35,097)              –     293,437        1,603,931
     Issues of shares placing              633,991              –               –           –          633,991
     Transactions with
       non-controlling interests                   –          2,654             –             –          2,654
     Financial assets at FVOCI                     –              –           (40)            –            (40)

     As at 31 December 2025              1,979,582        (32,443)            (40)    293,437        2,240,536
     As at 1 January 2024                1,136,018        (30,197)         3,182      292,971        1,401,974
     Share-based payment                         –              –              –          466              466
     Issue of shares pursuant
       to the Listing                      225,147                 –            –             –        225,147
     Listing expenses capitalised
       upon listing                         (15,574)               –            –             –        (15,574)
     Transactions with
       non-controlling interests                   –          (4,900)           –             –         (4,900)
     Financial assets at FVOCI                     –               –       (3,182)            –         (3,182)

     As at 31 December 2024              1,345,591        (35,097)              –     293,437        1,603,931

                                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025    205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      26     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
             Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions were as
             follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2025          2024
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

             Share Incentive Plan (a)                                           –          472


             Share-based payments expenses recognised for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
             2024 were as follows:

                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2025          2024
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000

             Administrative expenses                                            –          472


      (a)    Share Incentive Plan

            2019 Share Incentive Plan
            In March 2019, shares of the Company were granted by Mr. Wang Shihe through
            Nanchang Rimag Sunshine Enterprise Management Center (Limited Partnership)
            (“Nanchang Rimag”) to 11 Grantees under the 2019 Share Incentive Plan. Under this
            plan, 390,000 shares (being 1,170,000 Shares as subsequently adjusted immediately
            following the Company’s capital increase in August 2021 of RMB1.50 to RMB1.80
            each will be vested after five-year service period. The Grantees paid approximately
            RMB630,000 in total at an exercise price of RMB1.50 to RMB1.80 each share to
            Nanchang Rimag on the grant date. If an employee ceases to be employed by the
            Company within this period, the awarded shares will be forfeited.

             The fair value of the shares granted to employees on the grant date, March 2019 as
             determined by a professional valuation firm was RMB19.28 per share. The significant
             inputs into the Black-Scholes valuation model were listed as below:

                                                                                         As at
                                                                                    March 2019

             Expected volatility                                                       50.00%
             Risk-free interest rate                                                    2.97%




206   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025


26    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)
(a)   Share Incentive Plan (continued)

      Movements in the number of equity interests shares of the Company granted and the
      respective weighted average grant date fair value were as follows:

                                                                      Number
                                                                     of shares
                                                                       granted
                                                                     under the   Average
                                                                         Share  exercise
                                                                     Incentive  price per
                                                                      Scheme share option
                                                                                    RMB

      Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                               1,911,177                1.37

      Vested during the year                                         (1,911,177)              1.35

      Outstanding as at 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025
       and 31 December 2025                                                     –                 –


27    DIVIDEND
      No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the years
      ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

28    TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

      Trade payables-Third parties                                       59,520            26,485
      Notes payables-Third parties                                        7,001                 –

                                                                         66,521            26,485




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      28     TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES (continued)
             The aging analysis of trade payables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 based on invoice
             date was as follows:

                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                    47,652         22,749
             1-2 years                                                        9,941          3,421
             Over 2 years                                                     1,927            315

                                                                             59,520         26,485


      29     OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

             Other payables due to related parties (Note 36(d))                 331          1,500
             Employee benefits payables                                      24,201         28,417
             Accrued expenses                                                15,275         10,048
             Payables for purchases of property,
               plant and equipment                                           15,834         17,097
             Tax payables                                                     2,578          5,926
             Marketing expenses payable                                       2,630          1,460
             Payables for deposits                                            1,672          1,521
             Redemption liability                                             1,590          6,490
             Dividends Payable                                                2,330              –
             Other payables                                                   7,552          6,296

                                                                             73,993         78,755


             The fair value of other payables and accruals approximated to their carrying amounts as
             at 31 December 2025 and 2024 due to their short maturities.




208   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


30    BORROWINGS
                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current:
      Long-term bank borrowings, secured (d)                                 77,109            68,976
      Long-term bank borrowings, unsecured                                  156,038           114,046
      Loans from financial leasing companies,
        secured (d)                                                         229,424           223,795
      Less: Current portion of long-term bank
              borrowings, secured (d)                                       (79,604)          (47,380)
            Current portion of loans from financial
              leasing companies, secured (d)                                (94,307)          (87,215)

                                                                            288,660           272,222

      Current:
      Short-term bank borrowings, secured (d)                                 9,950            10,550
      Short-term bank borrowings, unsecured                                  33,584            15,000
      Current portion of long-term bank borrowings, secured (d)              79,604            47,380
      Current portion of loans from financial leasing
        companies, secured (d)                                               94,307            87,215
      Loans from a related party                                             17,138                 –
      Loans from a third party, unsecured                                       300               847

                                                                            234,883           160,992

      Total borrowings                                                      523,543           433,214


(a)   The Group’s borrowings as at the balance sheet dates during the year ended 31
      December 2025 and 2024 were repayable as follows:

                                             As at 31 December 2025        As at 31 December 2024
                                                 Bank                          Bank
                                            Borrowings         Others     Borrowings          Others
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000

      Up to 1 year                              123,097        111,745          72,930          88,062
      Between 1 and 2 years                      61,136         93,964          62,254          64,725
      Between 2 and 5 years                      92,448         41,153          73,388          71,855

      Total                                     276,681        246,862         208,572         224,642




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      30     BORROWINGS (continued)
      (b)    The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following
             currencies:

                                                           As at 31 December 2025     As at 31 December 2024
                                                               Bank                        Bank
                                                          Borrowings        Others    Borrowings     Others
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

             RMB                                                 276,681    246,862      208,572     224,642


      (c)    The weighted average effective interest rates at each balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025          2024

             Bank borrowings                                                            4.72%         5.38%
             Loans from financial leasing companies                                     6.28%         6.80%
             Loans from a related party                                                 6.00%             –
             Loans from a third party, unsecured                                        6.00%        11.45%


      (d)    Other disclosures

            (i)     Fair values
                    The carrying amounts for the majority of the borrowings approximated their fair
                    values as they were carried at floating interest rates.

            (ii)    Risk exposures
                    Details of the Group’s exposure to risks arising from current and non-current
                    borrowings are set out in Note 3.1.

            (iii)   As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank borrowings and other borrowings
                    amounting to RMB316,483,000 were secured by the mortgage of property, plant
                    and equipment, receivables, shares of subsidiaries and bank deposits.

                    As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank borrowings and other borrowings
                    amounting to RMB303,321,000 were secured by the mortgage of property, plant
                    and equipment, receivables, shares of subsidiaries and bank deposits.

      (e)    As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a 1-year borrowing from a related party with a
             total amount of approximately RMB17,138,000 with an effective interest rate of 6% per
             annum.


210   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


31   DEFERRED INCOME TAX
     The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Deferred income tax assets
     – Deferred income tax assets to be recovered within 12 months                     1,408             2,585
     – Deferred income tax assets to be recovered more than 12 months                 56,407            53,200

     Total deferred income tax assets                                                 57,815            55,785
     Set-off of deferred income tax assets pursuant to offset provisions              (10,998)          (23,276)

     Net deferred income tax assets                                                   46,817            32,509
     Deferred income tax liabilities
     – Deferred tax liability to be settled more than 12 months                       14,593            10,859
     – Deferred tax liability to be settled within 12 months                          18,175            16,789

     Total deferred income tax assets                                                 32,768            27,648
     Set-off of deferred income tax liabilities pursuant to
       offset provisions                                                              (10,998)          (23,276)

     Net deferred income tax liabilities                                              21,770             4,372


     The gross movement in the deferred income tax accounts is as follows:

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

     At 1 January                                                                    55,785            48,802
     Charged /(Credited) to other comprehensive income                                   13                (7)
     Charged to profit or loss (Note 12)                                              2,017             6,990

     At 31 December                                                                  57,815            55,785




                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      31     DEFERRED INCOME TAX (continued)
      (a)    Deferred income tax assets

             The movements in deferred income assets were as follows:

                                                                Property,                         Loss                   Financial
                                                                plant and          Lease allowance            Accrued    assets at
                                                    Tax losses equipment       liabilities of provision       expense       FVOCI       Total
                                                     RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000 RMB’000                RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000

             Deferred tax assets arising from
             At 1 January 2025                         15,420         13,750      23,791        2,081             743            –      55,785
             Credited/(Charged) to profit or loss
               (Note 12)                                7,191          2,803     (10,834)       2,261             596            –       2,017
             Credited to other comprehensive loss           –              –           –            –               –           13          13

             At 31 December 2025                       22,611         16,553      12,957        4,342           1,339           13      57,815
             At 1 January 2024                          8,586         11,572      24,793        3,600             244            7      48,802
             Credited/(Charged) to profit or loss
               (Note 12)                                6,834          2,178      (1,002)       (1,519)           499            –       6,990
             Credited to other comprehensive loss           –              –           –             –              –           (7)         (7)

             At 31 December 2024                       15,420         13,750      23,791        2,081             743            –      55,785

      (b)    Deferred income tax liabilities

             The movements in deferred income liabilities were as follows:

                                                                           Intangible         Financial            Financial
                                                        Right-of-        assets – fair        assets at            assets at
                                                       use assets        value added             FVOCI                FVTPL             Total
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000

             Deferred tax liability arising from
             At 1 January 2025                             23,275               2,987                     –             1,386          27,648
             (Credited)/Charged to profit or loss
               (Note 12)                                   (12,277)            (1,374)                    –             2,788          (10,863)
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                         –             15,983                     –                 –           15,983

             At 31 December 2025                           10,998              17,596                     –             4,174          32,768
             At 1 January 2024                             24,594               3,346              1,068                    –          29,008
             (Credited)/Charged to profit or loss
               (Note 12)                                    (1,319)              (359)                 –                  318           (1,360)
             Internal transfer                                   –                  –             (1,068)               1,068                –

             At 31 December 2024                           23,275               2,987                     –             1,386          27,648

212   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025


32    OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

      Non-current:
      Payable for purchase of property, plant and equipment                           514               815
      Less: Current portion of payable for purchase of
             property, plant and equipment                                           (499)             (495)

                                                                                        15              320

33    CASH FLOW INFORMATION
(a)   Cash generated from operations

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      (Loss)/profit before income tax                                               (4,175)         (51,331)

      Adjustments for
      – Finance costs-net (Note 10)                                                21,385            21,220
      – Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 8)                    160,049           154,171
      – Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 8)                               30,041            37,308
      – Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 8)                                  8,923             3,879
      – Net impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1(b))                    31,043            22,131
      – Gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment and
           termination/modification of right-of-use assets (Note 7)                 (2,808)            (839)
      – gains on disposal or liquidation of subsidiaries                                (39)              –
      – Share-based payment                                                               –             472
      – Share of results of investment accounted for
           using equity method                                                      7,557             3,005
      – Net gains on disposal of asset classified as held for sale                   (297)                –
      – Net fair value gains on financial assets at fair
           value through profit or loss                                           (11,765)           (2,470)
      – Net impairment losses on goodwill                                           4,137                 –
      – Net exchange differences                                                    6,256            (4,123)

      Changes in working capital:
      – Contract liabilities                                                      (27,595)           30,769
      – Trade and notes payables, other payables and accruals                      32,260             9,848
      – Trade receivables, notes receivables, long-term trade
           receivables, other receivables and prepayments and
           restricted cash                                                        (80,384)         (205,986)
      – Inventories                                                                 2,192             (1,412)

      Net cash generated from operating activities                                176,780            16,642

                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      33     CASH FLOW INFORMATION (continued)
      (b)    Proceeds from disposal of properties, plant and equipment:

                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000

             Net book value (Note 15)                                                                1,169                   2,233
             Losses from disposals of property, plant and
               equipment (Note 7)                                                                      (553)                  (288)

             Proceeds from the disposal                                                                   616                1,945


      (c)    Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                       Liabilities from financing activities
                                                               Loans from
                                                                 financial                   Loans from
                                                       Bank        leasing Loans from            related     Lease
                                                  borrowings   companies third parties           parties liabilities          Total
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000

             Total debt as at 1 January 2024          79,184      130,302            522              –     176,011          386,019
             Cash flows                              122,962       82,338            300              –         (44,139)     161,461
             Interest expenses                         6,426       11,155             25              –            7,855      25,461
             Lease addition                                –            –              –              –          15,824       15,824
             Lease modification                            –            –              –              –           (2,207)     (2,207)
             Lease termination                             –            –              –              –           (7,948)     (7,948)

             Total debt as at 31 December 2024       208,572      223,795            847              –     145,396          578,610
             Total debt as at 1 January 2025         208,572      223,795            847              –     145,396          578,610
             Cash flows                               57,707       (5,791)            (81)      36,754          (36,643)      51,946
             Conversion of borrowings to equity            –            –           (500)            –                 –         (500)
             Interest expenses                        10,402       11,420              34        2,346             4,922      29,124
             Lease addition                                –            –               –            –           31,867       31,867
             Lease modification                            –            –               –            –            (3,538)      (3,538)
             Lease termination                             –            –               –            –          (49,828)     (49,828)

             Total debt as at 31 December 2025       276,681      229,424            300        39,100          92,176       637,681




214   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


34    COMMITMENTS
(a)   Capital commitments

      Significant capital expenditure commitments are set out below:

                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Contracted but not recognised as liabilities
      – Commitments for acquisition of property,
          plant and equipment                                                 9,303           88,972
      – Commitments for acquisition of equity interest in
         Shanghai Zhengying (Note 21(i))                                      8,000                -
      – Commitments for acquisition of intangible assets                       916             6,530

                                                                            18,219            95,502


35    BUSINESS COMBINATION
(a)   Acquisition of Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.

      (i)   Summary of acquisition
            On 11 June 2025, the Group acquired 51% of equity interest of Wuhan Rong
            Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd., a medical supply chain services
            enterprise. The acquisition has significantly increased the Group’s complements of
            the Group’s existing imaging solution service division.

            Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
            follows:

                                                                                           RMB’000

            Purchase consideration
            Cash paid (ii)                                                                     5,100




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      35     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (a)    Acquisition of Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. (continued)

             (i)    Summary of acquisition (continued)
                    The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                               RMB’000

                    Cash                                                                               3
                    Other receivables                                                             11,365
                    Inventories                                                                    8,271
                    Trade and other payables                                                      (4,289)
                    Contract liabilities                                                          (6,279)
                    Employment benefit                                                              (159)

                    Net identifiable assets acquired                                                8,912
                    Less: non-controlling interests                                                (4,367)
                    Add: goodwill                                                                     555
                    Net assets acquired                                                             5,100


                    The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
                    acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.

                    (i)    Revenue and profit contribution
                           The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB61,766,000 and net profit
                           of RMB392,000 to the Group for the period from 11 June to 31 December
                           2025.

                           If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, pro-forma consolidated
                           revenue and consolidated loss before tax for the year ended 31 December
                           2025 would have been RMB873,120,000 and RMB11,005,000 respectively.

            (ii)    Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                               RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                                     5,100
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                  (3)

                    Net outflow of cash – investing activities                                     5,097




216   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


35    BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
(b)   Acquisition of Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology Co., Ltd.

      (i)   Summary of acquisition
            On 27 June 2025, the Group acquired 70% of equity interest of Guangzhou
            Gaomai, a medical services enterprise. The acquisition has significantly increased
            the Group’s complements of the Group’s existing medical service division.

            Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
            follows:

                                                                                             RMB’000

            Purchase consideration
            Cash paid (ii)                                                                      54,000
            Less: contingent consideration                                                      (2,551)

                                                                                                51,449


            The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                            Fair value
                                                                                             RMB’000

            Cash                                                                                   119
            Trade and bills receivables-current                                                    147
            Other receivables                                                                      100
            Property, plant and equipment                                                        5,250
            Intangible assets                                                                   57,554
            Trade and other payables                                                              (365)
            Current tax liabilities                                                                  (3)
            Deferred income tax liability                                                      (14,389)

            Net identifiable assets acquired                                                    48,413
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                    (14,599)
            Add: goodwill                                                                       17,635
            Net assets acquired                                                                 51,449


            The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
            acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      35     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (b)    Acquisition of Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology Co., Ltd. (continued)

             (i)    Summary of acquisition (continued)
                    (i) Revenue and profit contribution
                        The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB10,877,000 and net
                        profit of RMB4,391,000 to the Group for the period from 27 June to 31
                        December 2025.

                           If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, pro-forma consolidated
                           revenue and consolidated loss before tax for the year ended 31 December
                           2025 would have been RMB873,375,000 and RMB15,886,000 respectively.

            (ii)    Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                            RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                                 54,000
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                             (119)

                    Net outflow of cash – investing activities                                 53,881


      (c)    Acquisition of Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd.

            (i)     Summary of acquisition
                    On 1 September 2025, the Group acquired 58% of equity interest of Changsha
                    Zhongya, a medical services enterprise. The acquisition has significantly increased
                    the Group’s complements of the Group’s existing medical service division.

                    Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
                    follows:

                                                                                            RMB’000

                    Purchase consideration
                    Cash paid (ii)                                                             29,500
                    Less: contingent consideration                                             (2,400)

                                                                                               27,100




218   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


35    BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
(c)   Acquisition of Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (continued)

      (i)   Summary of acquisition (continued)
            The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                            Fair value
                                                                                             RMB’000

            Cash                                                                                     47
            Trade and bills receivables-current                                                   3,432
            Other receivables                                                                        22
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                              73
            Inventories                                                                              23
            Property, plant and equipment                                                         8,420
            Intangible assets: software                                                             127
            Intangible assets: client relationship                                                7,518
            Intangible assets: license                                                            3,110
            Trade and other payables                                                             (1,405)
            Other payables and accurals                                                            (292)
            Contract liabilities                                                                      (6)
            Deferred income tax liability                                                        (1,594)

            Net identifiable assets acquired                                                    19,475
            Add: goodwill                                                                        7,625
            Net assets acquired                                                                 27,100


            The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
            acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.

            (i)   Revenue and profit contribution
                  The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB3,666,000 and net
                  profit of RMB286,000 to the Group for the period from 1 September to 31
                  December 2025.

                  If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, pro-forma consolidated
                  revenue and consolidated loss before tax for the year ended 30 June 2025
                  would have been RMB879,909,000 and RMB11,748,000 respectively.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      35     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (c)    Acquisition of Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (continued)

            (ii)    Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                    RMB’000

                    Consideration paid in cash                                        29,500
                    Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                     (47)

                    Net outflow of cash – investing activities                        29,453




220   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


36   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Parties are considered to be related in one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to
     control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making
     financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
     subject to common control.

     The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
     and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the year ended 31
     December 2025 and balances arising from related party transactions as at 31 December
     2025.

     The major related parties that had transactions and balances with the Group were as
     follows:




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      36     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (a)    Related parties of the Group

             Name of related parties                                                                        Relationship

             Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                        Associate
               (漢吉健康管理(上海)有限公司)
             Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis                                                        Associate
               Center Co., Ltd. (上海正影醫學影像診斷中心有限公司)
             Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging                                                       Associate
               Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.(寧德市交投一脈陽光醫學影像
               診斷中心有限公司)
             Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                                              Associate
               (北京一脈萬方診所有限公司)
             Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                                                  Associate
               (上海一脈心雲醫療科技有限公司)
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                                                   Associate
               (上海融公社芳侯科技有限公司)(ii)
             Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.                                     Joint venture
               (上海實和智能電子科技有限公司) (i)
             Gongqingcheng Fanghou No.1 Investment Partnership                                   A company controlled
               (Limited Partnership) (共青城芳侯一號投資合夥企業                                                     by a Director
               (有限合夥))
             Shanghai Rongtu Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                                        A company controlled
               (上海榕途醫療器械有限公司)(ii)                                                                       by a Director
             Hunan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                                      A company controlled
               (湖南融公社醫療器械有限公司)(ii)                                                                      by a Director

             (i)    According to the Articles of Association of Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.,
                    all resolutions must be unanimously passed by all shareholders, and none of the participating parties
                    has unilateral control over the economic activity of the jointly controlled entity, which is thus accounted
                    for the investment as an investment in joint ventures. In September 2023, the Company entered into a
                    share transfer agreement that the Company sell the 20% equity interests to a third party. The Company
                    will receive a fixed amount of RMB5,000,000 over one year on a monthly basis. The transaction has
                    been completed in March 2025.


             (ii)   In 2024, the Group acquired 18% of equity interest of Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co.,
                    Ltd., which was controlled by a director of the Group, thus, the subsidiaries of Shanghai Ronggongshe
                    Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd., including Shanghai Rongtu Medical Devices Co., Ltd. and Hunan Rong
                    Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd., also became the related parties of the Group.


                    The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group and its related
                    parties in the ordinary course of business during the year ended 31 December 2025, and balances
                    arising from related party transactions as at the respective balance sheet dates.




222   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


36    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(b)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Sales of services and goods
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                            5,362           10,100
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                    938              763
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                        303               705

                                                                              6,603           11,568
      Purchase of services and products
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                              418            3,871
      Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.                  –              170
      Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd                           9              158
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                         40                  6
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                     35                  3
      Shanghai Rongtu Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                              363                  –
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                            1,086                  –

                                                                              1,951            4,208
      Purchase of Equity
      Gongqingcheng Fanghou No.1 Investment Partnership
        (Limited Partnership)                                                      –          17,280
      Loans to related parties
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                  5,500            4,000
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                              980                  –
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                         370                  –

                                                                              6,850            4,000




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      36     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (b)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

             Repayment of loans to related parties
             Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
               Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                                     980                  –
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                                 70                  –

                                                                                            1,050                  –
             Loans from a related party
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd. (i)                         39,100                  –
             Repayment of loans from a related party
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd. (i)                         19,500                  –
             Rental expense relating to short-term leases
             Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
               Center Co., Ltd.                                                               198               201
             Receive the guarantee for credit facilities from a related party
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                             50,000                  –

             (i)    In 2025, the Group entered into a one-year borrowing arrangement with a related party with a total
                    amount of approximately RMB39,100,000 which has an effective interest rate of 6% per annum, among
                    which RMB19,500,000 was repaid prior to the maturity date as at 31 December 2025.

      (c)    Key management compensation

             Key management includes Directors (executive and non-executive), chief executive
             officer, the Company secretary, and the executive president of imaging hospital. The
             compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is as follows:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

             – Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                  6,818             4,481
             – Pension costs-defined contribution plans                                       207               177
             – Housing fund, medical insurance and
                 other social insurance                                                       228               202

                                                                                            7,253             4,860

             For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the salaries, bonus and other welfares
             disclosed above include RMB633,000 and RMB511,000 payables which were unpaid as
             at year end and are included in Other payables and accruals (Note 29).

224   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


36    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(d)   Balances with related parties

                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Trade receivables and long-term trade receivables
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                    22,265            23,241
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                          10,690              5,565
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                 1,477                484
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses (Note 3.1(b))              (1,941)            (1,066)

                                                                            32,491            28,224
      Other receivable and prepayments
      – Other receivable
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                  9,500            4,000
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                      3,450            3,450
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                                –                45
      Hunan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                          2,493                 –
      – Prepayments
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                            3,200            3,200
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                          33               29
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses (Note 3.1(b))                   (51)             (86)

                                                                            18,625            10,638
      Other payable and accruals
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                         331                –
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                –            1,500

                                                                                331            1,500
      Borrowings
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                     17,138                   –

                                                                            17,138                   –




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      37     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF
             THE COMPANY
      (a)    Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                        2025         2024
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000

             Assets
             Non-current assets
             Property, plant and equipment                             12,478        1,471
             Right-of-use assets                                          505          699
             Investments in subsidiaries                              539,116      433,904
             Intangible assets                                          3,812        1,412
             Deferred income tax assets                                 9,245        5,016
             Investments accounted for using the equity method         11,143       11,261
             Prepayments, deposits and other receivables              175,227      139,912
             Financial assets at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                     2,400        3,000
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    151,336       60,431
             Long-term trade receivables                                1,190        2,010
             Restricted cash                                            3,400          442

             Total non-current assets                                 909,852      659,558

             Current assets
             Trade receivables                                         124,978      154,220
             Long-term trade receivables-current portion                 3,715        3,635
             Prepayments, deposits and other receivables             1,042,133    1,017,828
             Restricted cash                                             3,429        2,044
             Cash and cash equivalents                                 464,800      137,200
             Asset classified as held for sale                               –        4,703

             Total current assets                                    1,639,055    1,319,630

             Total assets                                            2,548,907    1,979,188
             Equity
             Share capital                                             401,062      356,312
             Treasury shares (Note 37(b))                              (75,820)           –
             Shares held for employee share scheme (Note 37(b))        (87,285)     (14,037)
             Reserves (Note 37(b))                                   2,145,317    1,509,484
             Accumulated losses                                        (99,030)     (74,172)

             Total equity                                            2,284,244    1,777,587


226   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025


37    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF
      THE COMPANY (continued)
(a)   Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)

                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

      Liabilities
      Non-current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                        113,197            80,573
      Lease liabilities                                                     190               288
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                     4,174             1,386

      Total non-current liabilities                                     117,561            82,247

      Current liabilities
      Trade and notes payables                                           17,259            18,323
      Other payables and accruals                                        62,958            33,778
      Contract liabilities                                                    –            20,028
      Borrowings                                                         66,753            46,911
      Lease liabilities                                                     132               314

      Total current liabilities                                         147,102           119,354

      Total liabilities                                                 264,663           201,601
      Total equity and liabilities                                   2,548,907         1,979,188


      The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 31 March
      2026 and were signed on its behalf by following directors.




      HE Yingfei                               FENG Xie
      Director                                 Director




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      37     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF
             THE COMPANY (continued)
      (b)    Reserve and treasury shares movements of the Company

                                                                             Reserves
                                                            Shares
                                                           held for
                                                         employee                  Financial      Share-based
                                             Treasury        share       Share     assets at         payment
                                               Shares      scheme     premium         FVOCI          reserves     Total
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000    RMB’000

             As at 1 January 2025                   –      (14,037)   1,345,591              –        163,893   1,509,484
             Capital injection                      –            –      633,991              –              –     633,991
             Transactions with non-
               controlling interests                –            –        1,842              –              –       1,842
             Repurchase of shares             (75,820)     (73,248)           –              –              –           –

             As at 31 December 2025           (75,820)     (87,285)   1,981,424              –        163,893   2,145,317
             As at 1 January 2024                   –            –    1,136,018         3,204         163,718   1,302,940
             Capital injection                      –            –      225,147             –               –     225,147
             Capitalised upon listing               –            –      (15,574)            –               –     (15,574)
             Share-based payment                    –            –            –             –             175         175
             Transfer of financial assets
               from FVOCI to FVTPL                  –            –            –         (3,204)             –      (3,204)
             Repurchase of shares                   –      (14,037)           –              –              –           –

             As at 31 December 2024                 –      (14,037)   1,345,591              –        163,893   1,509,484




228   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025


38    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
(a)   Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Executives

      The remuneration of each director of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025
      is set out as follows:

                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                         contribution
                                                            Welfare,              to a
                                                             medical       retirement      Share-
                                        Basic              and other           benefit     based
      Name of Directors               salaries   Bonuses   expenses           scheme     payment      Total
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December 2025

      Chairman
      Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang                 2,942          –         16                 –           –     2,958

      Directors
      Mr. FENG Xie                        643          –         66                71           –       780
      Ms. HE Yingfei                    1,363          –         67                61           –     1,491
      Mr. LI Feiyu                        682        100         67                68           –       917
      Mr. GUO Tao                         120          –          –                 –           –       120
      Mr. LIU Senlin (Note 1)               –          –          –                 –           –         –
      Ms. CHEN Yifei                      146          –          7                 –           –       153
      Mr. LUO Yi                          120          –          –                 –           –       120
      Mr. WU Xiaohui                      120          –          –                 –           –       120

                                        6,136        100        223               200           –     6,659




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      38    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
            (continued)
      (a)    Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Executives (continued)

             The remuneration of each supervisor of the Company for the year ended 31 December
             2025 is set out as follows:

                                                                                    Employer’s
                                                                                   contribution
                                                                        Welfare,            to a
                                                                         medical     retirement      Share-
                                                   Basic               and other         benefit     based
             Name of Supervisors                 salaries   Bonuses    expenses         scheme     payment      Total
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

             Year ended 31 December 2025

             Supervisors
             Mr. HUANG Junjie (Note 4)               560           –         23              35           –       618
             Mr. XUE Yuansheng                       405          95         41              47           –       588
             Mr. LIU Weiwei                          673         142         23              22           –       860

                                                    1,638        237         87             104           –     2,066




230   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025


38    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
      (continued)
(a)   Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Executives (continued)

      The remuneration of each director of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024
      is set out as follows:

                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                         contribution
                                                            Welfare,              to a
                                                             medical       retirement      Share-
                                        Basic              and other           benefit     based
      Name of Directors               salaries   Bonuses   expenses           scheme     payment      Total
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December 2024

      Chairman
      Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (Note 2)        1,003        490         40                29           –     1,562
      Dr. XU Ke (Note 3)                  606          –          –                 –           –       606

      Directors
      Mr. FENG Xie                        615        440         68                71           –     1,194
      Ms. HE Yingfei                      503        144         80                66           –       793
      Mr. LI Feiyu (Note 2)               116        297         11                11           –       435
      Mr. GUO Tao (Note 2)                 16          –          –                 –           –        16
      Mr. LIU Senlin                        –          –          –                 –           –         –
      Mr. MAO Xiaojun (Note 3)              –          –          –                 –           –         –
      Ms. CHEN Yifei (Note 2)              19          –          –                 –           –        19
      Mr. LUO Yi                           70          –          –                 –           –        70
      Mr. WU Xiaohui                       70          –          –                 –           –        70
      Mr. YUAN Jun (Note 3)                92          –          3                 –           –        95

                                        3,110      1,371        202               177           –     4,860




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      38    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
            (continued)
      (a)    Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Executives (continued)

             The remuneration of each supervisor of the Company for the year ended 31 December
             2024 is set out as follows:

                                                                                     Employer’s
                                                                                    contribution
                                                                         Welfare,            to a
                                                                          medical     retirement      Share-
                                                    Basic               and other         benefit     based
             Name of Supervisors                  salaries   Bonuses    expenses         scheme     payment      Total
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

             Year ended 31 December 2024

             Supervisors
             Mr. HUANG Junjie (Note 4)                 91         110           1              1           –        203
             Mr. CHEN Guangwei (Note 4)                 –           –           –              –           –          –
             Mr. XUE Yuansheng                        367          44          38             46           –        495
             Mr. LIU Weiwei                           575         128          11              8           –        722

                                                    1,033         282          50             55           –      1,420


             For the year ended December 31, 2025 and the year ended December 31, 2024, no
             fees, bonuses, allowances or benefits in kinds, or other emoluments were payable to the
             above executive directors and supervisors in his capacity as an executive director or as
             a supervisor of the Company.

             Note 1: Mr. LIU Senlin resigned as a non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of the Board
                     of the Company on March 3, 2026.


             Note 2: Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang was appointed as the chairman on 18 Nov 2024. Mr. Li Feiyu, Mr. Guo Tao and
                     Ms. Chen Yifei were appointed as the directors on 18 Nov 2024.


             Note 3: Dr. XU Ke retired as the chairman on 18 Nov 2024. Mr. Mao Xiaojun retired as the non-executive
                     director on 18 Nov 2024. Mr. Yuan Jun retired as the independent non-executive director on 18 Nov
                     2024.


             Note 4: Mr. HUANG Junjie was appointed as the supervisor on 18 Nov 2024. Mr. CHEN Guangwei retired as
                     the supervisor on 18 Nov 2024.




232   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


38    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
      (continued)
(b)   Directors’ retirement benefits

      There were no retirement benefits paid to or receivable by any Director in respect of their
      other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its
      subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(c)   Directors’ termination benefits

      There were no termination benefits paid to or receivable by any Director during the year
      ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available Directors’ services

      No payment was made to the Directors for making available the services of them as a
      Director of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of Directors

      Other than those disclosed in note 36(c), there were no loans, quasi-loans and other
      dealings entered into between the Group and the Directors and in favour of the Directors
      during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

(f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

      Other than those as disclosed in note 36(b) and note 38, there are no significant
      transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which
      the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest,
      whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
      year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.


39    CONTINGENCIES
      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, save as disclosed in the consolidated financial
      statements in respect of bank borrowing guarantee (Note 30), the Group had no other
      significant contingencies.


40    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
      Subsequent to the year end, on 22 January 2026, the Group acquired 100% of the equity interests
      of Ledmar, a medical services enterprise with a total cash consideration of USD 2,000,000
      (approximately RMB 14,066,000).


                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      41     SUBSIDIARIES
             The following sets out the details of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31
             December 2025.

                                                                                                              Proportion of equity
                                                                                                  Registered/     interest held
                                                                         Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                                     Date of             incorporation,              paid-up As at 31 December Principal activities/
             Entity name                             incorporation       legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                                        RMB

             Directly held:

             Jiangxi Rimag Medical Investment        19 September 2014 PRC, Limited Liability 100,000,000        100%      100% Medical equipment
               Management Co., Ltd.江西一脈陽光醫                              Company                                                  and consumables
               療投資管理有限公司                                                                                                         sales/PRC
             Beijing Rimag Medical Information       24 August 2015      PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000       100%      100% Research and
               Technology Co., Ltd. 北京一脈陽光醫                               Company                                                development
               學信息技術有限公司                                                                                                         center/PRC
             Lianyungang Rimag Sunshine Medical      27 September 2018 PRC, Limited Liability       1,000,000    100%      100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 連雲港一脈陽光醫學                              Company                                                  services and
               影像有限公司                                                                                                            device sales/PRC
             Yantai Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging   14 December 2020    PRC, Limited Liability     9,600,000    100%      100% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 煙台一脈陽                            Company                                                services and
               光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司                                                                                                     device sales/PRC
             Beijing Rimag Medical Imaging           13 February 2015    PRC, Limited Liability 50,000,000        70%      100% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 北京一脈陽                            Company                                                services and
               光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司                                                                                                     medical device
                                                                                                                                 sales/PRC
             Shaoxing Keqiao Rimag Sunshine          1 June 2017         PRC, Limited Liability     3,000,000    100%      100% Medical imaging
               Medical Imaging Hospital Co. Ltd. 紹                        Company                                                services/PRC
               興柯橋一脈陽光醫學影像醫院有限公司
             Xinyang Rimag Sunshine Medical          28 June 2018        PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000    100%      100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 信                        Company                                                services/PRC
               陽一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
             Chengdu Wenjiang Rimag Sunshine         24 August 2021      PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000     90%      100% Medical imaging
               Internet Hospital Co. Ltd. 成都溫江一                           Company                                                services/PRC
               脈陽光互聯網醫院有限公司
             Rimag Sunshine Internet Hospital        27 August 2021      PRC, Limited Liability     3,000,000      N/A     100% Medical imaging
               (Shandong) Co., Ltd.一脈陽光互聯網醫                               Company                                                services/PRC
               院(山東)有限公司
             Shandong Sunshine Doctor Group          24 August 2020      PRC, Limited Liability     3,000,000      N/A      98% Medical imaging
               Management Co. Ltd. 山東陽光醫生集                                Company                                                services/PRC
               團管理有限公司




234   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


41   SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                       Proportion of equity
                                                                                           Registered/     interest held
                                                                  Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                            Date of               incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
     Entity name                            incorporation         legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                                 RMB

     Directly held: (continued)

     Suihua Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging 7 July 2021            PRC, Limited Liability     5,000,000     70%        95% Medical imaging
       Center Co. Ltd. 綏化一脈陽光醫學影像                                  Company                                                 services/PRC
       中心有限公司
     Qiqihar Nianzishan Rimag Medical         11 September 2018   PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000       100%       100% Medical imaging
       Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                          Company                                                 services/PRC
       (“Qiqihar Nianzishan Rimag”)齊齊哈爾
       市碾子山區一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心
       有限公司
     Changchun Rimag Sunshine Medical         3 July 2017         PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        70%        85% Medical imaging
       Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd.長                          Company                                                 services/PRC
       春一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
     Anyang Rimag Sunshine Medical            8 August 2022       PRC, Limited Liability     8,500,000     70%        85% Medical imaging
       Imaging Co., Ltd. 安陽一脈陽光醫學影                                 Company                                                 services/PRC
       像有限公司
     Hubei Zhiying Rimag Sunshine Medical 1 December 2016         PRC, Limited Liability 13,333,333        70%        90% Medical imaging
       Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Zhiying”)                      Company                                                 services/PRC
       湖北智影一脈陽光醫療科技有限公司
     Wanan Rimag Medical Imaging Center 17 May 2019               PRC, Limited Liability     5,000,000     70%        76% Medical imaging
       Ltd. 萬安一脈陽光醫學影像中心有限                                         Company                                                 services/PRC
       公司
     Liaoning Rimag Sunshine Medical          18 May 2017         PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        70%        70% Medical imaging
       Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 遼                         Company                                                 services/PRC
       寧一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
     Shandong Rimag Sunshine Medical          25 February 2016    PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        70%        70% Medical equipment
       Technology Co. Ltd. 山東一脈陽光醫療                                Company                                                 sales/PRC
       科技有限公司
     Enshi Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging 16 May 2017             PRC, Limited Liability 15,000,000        70%        70% Medical imaging
       Co., Ltd. 恩施市一脈陽光醫學影像有限                                     Company                                                 services/PRC
       公司
     Shenyang Rimag Sunshine Shennan          20 September 2017   PRC, Limited Liability     8,000,000     65%        65% Medical imaging
       Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd.                         Company                                                 services/PRC
       瀋陽一脈陽光沈南醫學影像診斷有限
       公司




                                                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                   235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      41     SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                            Proportion of equity
                                                                                                Registered/     interest held
                                                                       Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                                  Date of              incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
             Entity name                          incorporation        legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                                      RMB

             Directly held: (continued)

             Gengma Rimag Sunshine Medical          23 November 2018   PRC, Limited Liability     5,000,000     65%        65% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 耿馬一脈陽光醫學影                              Company                                                 services/PRC
               像有限公司
             Xixian Xinqu Rimag Medical Imaging     30 January 2019    PRC, Limited Liability 18,000,000        76%        68% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Ltd. 西鹹新區一脈陽光醫學                                Company                                                 services/PRC
               影像診斷有限公司
             Jinan Rimag Sunshine Xinglin Medical 14 January 2022      PRC, Limited Liability     9,000,000     65%        65% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. 濟南一脈                         Company                                                 services/PRC
               陽光杏林醫學影像診斷有限公司
             Xiangtan Rimag Sunshine Medical        12 October 2018    PRC, Limited Liability     4,000,000     64%        64% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. 湘潭一脈                         Company                                                 services/PRC
               陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司
             Chengdu Rimag Jiashi Medical Imaging 17 December 2019     PRC, Limited Liability     1,000,000     61%        61% Medical imaging
               Center Ltd. 成都一脈佳士醫學影像診斷                                 Company                                                 services/PRC
               中心有限公司
             Zhengzhou Rimag Sunshine Medical       15 January 2020    PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        60%        60% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 鄭                      Company                                                 services/PRC
               州一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
             Yichang Rimag Sunshine Medical         29 August 2017     PRC, Limited Liability     8,000,000     60%        60% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd.                        Company                                                 services/PRC
               宜昌市一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限
               公司
             Jiangxi Rimag Sunshine Bohai Medical 16 March 2022        PRC, Limited Liability     1,000,000     60%        60% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 江西一脈陽光博海醫                              Company                                                 services/PRC
               學影像有限公司
             Qiqihar Rimag Medical Imaging          24 October 2018    PRC, Limited Liability 30,000,000        70%        73% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (“Qiqihar                     Company                                                 services/PRC
               Rimag Medical”)齊齊哈爾一脈陽光醫學
               影像診斷中心有限公司
             Hunan Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging 23 September 2020    PRC, Limited Liability     9,954,545     58%        55% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 湖南一脈陽                          Company                                                 services/PRC
               光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
             Liaocheng Rimag Sunshine Medical       8 January 2018     PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        55%        55% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Co. Ltd. 聊城市一脈                         Company                                                 services/PRC
               陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司


236   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


41   SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                   Proportion of equity
                                                                                       Registered/     interest held
                                                              Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                            Date of           incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
     Entity name                            incorporation     legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                             RMB

     Directly held: (continued)

     Hainan Rimag Sunshine Medical         15 August 2016     PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000       100%       100% Investment holding/
       Investment Management Co. Ltd. 海南                       Company                                                  PRC
       一脈陽光醫療投資管理有限公司
     Fuzhou Rimag Sunshine Medical         29 December 2016   PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        51%        51% Medical imaging
       Imaging Diagnosis Center Co. Ltd. 福                     Company                                                 services/PRC
       州一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
     Shehong Jiashi Rimag Medical Imaging 28 April 2020       PRC, Limited Liability     6,000,000     90%        51% Medical imaging
       Diagnosis Ltd. 射洪佳士一脈醫學影像                               Company                                                 services/PRC
       診斷有限公司
     Shaanxi Rimag Yutai Medical           16 May 2023        PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000     51%        51% Medical imaging
       Technology Co., Ltd. 陝西一脈裕泰醫                            Company                                                 services and
       療科技有限公司                                                                                                         medical device
                                                                                                                       sales/PRC
     Wenzhou Rimag Yiying Medical Imaging 11 November 2020    PRC, Limited Liability 50,000,000        53%        60% Medical imaging
       Diagnosis Co., Ltd. (“Wenzhou                           Company                                                 services/PRC
       Yiying”)溫州一脈頤影醫學影像診斷有限
       公司(formerly known as “ 溫州頤影醫學
       影像診斷有限公司 ”)
     Enshi Prefecture Jianshi County Rimag 18 August 2023     PRC, Limited Liability     1,200,000     70%       100% Medical imaging
       Sunshine Medical Technology Co.,                        Company                                                  services and
       Ltd. 恩施州建始縣一脈陽光醫療科技有                                                                                             medical device
       限公司                                                                                                              sales/PRC
     Jiaozuo Rimag Sunshine Medical        15 December 2023   PRC, Limited Liability     3,000,000     70%       100% Medical imaging
       Imaging Co., Ltd. 焦作一脈陽光醫學影                             Company                                                  services and
       像有限公司                                                                                                            medical device
                                                                                                                        sales/PRC
     Chibi Rimag Sunshine Medical           4 January 2024    PRC, Limited Liability      600,000      70%       100% Medical imaging
      Technology Co., Ltd. 赤壁市一脈陽光                             Company                                                  services and
      醫療科技有限公司                                                                                                          medical device
                                                                                                                        sales/PRC
     Rimag Cloud Medical Technology         22 January 2024   PRC, Limited Liability      200,000       N/A       60% Technical support
       (Beijing) Co., Ltd. 一脈雲醫學科技                             Company                                                  services/PRC
       (北京)有限公司
     Beijing Rimag Yuntai Medical Devices   2 April 2024      PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000     51%       100% Medical device sales/
       Co., Ltd. 北京一脈雲泰醫療器械有限                                  Company                                                 PRC
       公司

                                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      41     SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                           Proportion of equity
                                                                                               Registered/     interest held
                                                                      Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                                   Date of            incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
             Entity name                           incorporation      legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                                     RMB

             Directly held: (continued)

             Rimag Medical Imaging (Hong Kong) 8 April 2024           PRC, Limited Liability 52,000,000       100%       100% Medical services/
               Co., Limited 一脈陽光醫學影像(香港)                               Company                                                Hong Kong
               有限公司
             Weifang Rimag Medical Imaging     7 May 2024             PRC, Limited Liability     5,000,000      N/A       70% Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Co., Ltd. 濰坊一脈陽光醫學                            Company                                                 services and
               影像診斷有限公司                                                                                                        medical device
                                                                                                                               sales/PRC
             Guizhou Rimag Sunshine Medical      5 Jun 2024           PRC, Limited Liability      300,000      78%        78% Medical imaging
              Management Co., Ltd. 貴州一脈陽光醫                             Company                                                 services/PRC
              療管理有限公司
             Weng’an County Chuangjing Rimag     26 Jul 2024          PRC, Limited Liability     1,410,000     66%        66% Medical imaging
              Sunshine Medical Imaging Co., Ltd.                       Company                                                 services and
              甕安縣創景一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司                                                                                                medical device
                                                                                                                               sales/PRC
             Jiangxi Ganjiang New Area Rimag       12 Aug 2024        PRC, Limited Liability 90,000,000       100%       100% Medical imaging
               Sunshine Health Management Co.,                         Company                                                 services and
               Ltd. 江西贛江新區一脈陽光健康管理                                                                                             medical device
               有限公司                                                                                                            sales/PRC

             Indirectly held:

             Shicheng Rimag Sunshine Medical       1 December 2015    PRC, Limited Liability     3,500,000     70%       100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 石城一脈陽光醫學影                             Company                                                 services/PRC
               像有限公司
             Xinyu Rimag Medical Imaging Ltd. 新余   21 November 2016   PRC, Limited Liability 30,000,000        70%       100% Medical imaging
               一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司                                            Company                                                 services/PRC
             Zhaoqing Rimag Sunshine Regional      13 December 2016   PRC, Limited Liability 15,000,000        70%       100% Medical imaging
               Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center                        Company                                                 services/PRC
               Co., Ltd. 肇慶一脈陽光區域醫學影像診
               斷中心有限公司
             Fuzhou Rimag Sunshine Medical         26 April 2017      PRC, Limited Liability 20,000,000        70%       100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 撫州一脈陽光醫學影                             Company                                                 services/PRC
               像有限公司
             Nanchang Rimag Sunshine Medical       10 October 2017    PRC, Limited Liability 20,000,000        70%       100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd. 南昌一脈                        Company                                                 services/PRC
               陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司

238   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


41   SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                    Proportion of equity
                                                                                        Registered/     interest held
                                                               Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                            Date of            incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
     Entity name                            incorporation      legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                              RMB

     Indirectly held: (continued)

     Fenyi Rimag Medical Imaging Ltd. 分宜 25 Jun 2015           PRC, Limited Liability 6,000,000         70%       100% Medical imaging
       一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司                                             Company                                                 services/PRC
     Leping Rimag Medical Imaging Ltd. 樂平 19 August 2015       PRC, Limited Liability 3,500,000         70%       100% Medical imaging
       一脈陽光醫學影像有限公司                                             Company                                                 services/PRC
     Jiangxi Rimag Yingcheng Medical        19 December 2019   PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000       100%       100% Medical equipment
       Service Ltd. 江西一脈影成醫療服務有限                                Company                                                 sales/PRC
       公司
     Nanchang Rimag Clinical Services Ltd. 3 August 2020       PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000     69%       100% Clinic service/PRC
       南昌一脈陽光綜合門診部有限公司                                          Company
     Jiangxi Rimag Sunshine Cloud Data Co., 21 April 2014      PRC, Limited Liability     5,000,000    100%       100% Research and
       Ltd. 江西一脈陽光雲數據有限公司                                       Company                                                 development
                                                                                                                        center/PRC
     Yushan Rimag Sunshine Medical          28 June 2021       PRC, Limited Liability     3,500,000     70%       100% Medical imaging
       Imaging Co., Ltd. 玉山一脈陽光醫學影                              Company                                                 services/PRC
       像有限公司
     Yingtan Rimag Medical Imaging          1 January 2019     PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        70%        95% Medical imaging
       Diagnosis Ltd. 鷹潭市一脈陽光醫學影                                Company                                                 services/PRC
       像診斷有限公司
     Fuliang Rimag Medical Imaging          27 April 2020      PRC, Limited Liability     6,000,000     70%        70% Medical imaging
       Diagnosis Ltd. 浮梁一脈陽光醫學影像                                Company                                                 services/PRC
       診斷有限公司
     Anfu Rimag Medical Imaging Center Ltd. 16 July 2019       PRC, Limited Liability 5,000,000         66%        66% Medical imaging
       安福一脈陽光醫學影像中心有限公司                                         Company                                                 services/PRC
     Fengcheng Rimag Medical Imaging        23 March 2018      PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        70%        60% Medical imaging
       Center Ltd. 豐城市一脈陽光醫學影像中                                 Company                                                 services/PRC
       心有限公司
     Jiangxi Rimag Shenghe Medical          15 March 2019      PRC, Limited Liability     2,000,000     55%        55% Maintenance and
       Technology Ltd. 江西一脈盛和醫療科技                               Company                                                 installation of
       有限公司                                                                                                             medical equipment/
                                                                                                                        PRC
     Shenyang Rimag Comprehensive Clinic 14 April 2023         PRC, Limited Liability     4,300,000    100%       100% Medical imaging
       Co., Ltd. 瀋陽一脈陽光綜合門診部有限                                  Company                                                 services/PRC
       公司(formerly known as “ 遼寧一脈陽光
       醫院有限公司 ”)




                                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      41     SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                            Proportion of equity
                                                                                                Registered/     interest held
                                                                       Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                                     Date of           incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
             Entity name                             incorporation     legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                                      RMB

             Indirectly held: (continued)

             Suichuan Rimag Sunshine Medical         18 July 2023      PRC, Limited Liability 11,000,000        65%       100% Medical imaging
               Imaging Co., Ltd. 遂川一脈陽光醫學影                              Company                                                 services/PRC
               像有限公司
             Ganzhou Tiangao Rimag Sunshine          23 June 2021      PRC, Limited Liability     1,170,000     70%       100% Medical imaging
               Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (“Ganzhou                      Company                                                  services and
               Tiangao”)贛州天羔一脈陽光醫學影像有                                                                                            medical device
               限公司                                                                                                               sales/PRC
             Shenzhen Guodan Rimag Sunshine          9 Dec 2024        PRC, Limited Liability      600,000      90%        90% Medical imaging
               Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center                         Company                                                  services and
               Co., Ltd. 深圳國丹一脈陽光醫學影像診                                                                                           medical device
               斷中心有限公司                                                                                                           sales/PRC
             Shanghai Rimag Huiying Medical          11 Oct 2024       PRC, Limited Liability     3,630,000    100%       100% Medical imaging
               Management Co., Ltd. 上海一脈匯影醫                             Company                                                  services and
               療科技有限公司(formerly known as “ 上                                                                                     medical device
               海一脈匯影醫療管理有限公司 ”)                                                                                                  sales/PRC
             Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology      3 December 2024   PRC, Limited Liability     5,250,000     70%         N/A Maintenance and
               Co., Ltd.廣州高脈健康科技有限公司                                    Company                                                  medical imaging
                                                                                                                                 services/PRC
             Wuhan Ronggongshe Medical             15 September 2020   PRC, Limited Liability 10,000,000        51%         N/A Medical device
               Equipment Co., Ltd.武漢融公社醫療器                              Company                                                  sales/PRC
               械有限公司
             Chengdu Yimai Sunshine Medical        14 February 2025    PRC, Limited Liability      400,000      90%        N/A Medical imaging
               Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.成                      Company                                                 services/PRC
               都一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司
             Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging      23 October 2018     PRC, Limited Liability 17,200,000       100%        N/A Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Co., Ltd.長沙眾雅醫學影像診                             Company                                                 services/PRC
               斷有限公司
             Tianjin Rimag Yingrun Medical Imaging 22 July 2025        PRC, Limited Liability     1,700,000     70%        N/A Medical imaging
               Diagnosis Co., Ltd.天津一脈盈潤醫學影                             Company                                                 services and
               像診斷有限公司                                                                                                          medical device
                                                                                                                                sales/PRC
             Guangdong Hengqin Zhuoyue Hong’an 18 June 2025            PRC, Limited Liability       50,000     100%        N/A Medical imaging
              Medical Management Co., Ltd.廣東省                           Company                                                 services/PRC
              橫琴卓越弘安醫療管理有限公司




240   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


41   SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                                                                    Proportion of equity
                                                                                        Registered/     interest held
                                                               Country/Place of         Issued and    by the Group(%)
                                           Date of             incorporation,              paid-up  As  at 31 December Principal activities/
     Entity name                           incorporation       legal status                 capital    2025         2024 Place of operation
                                                                                              RMB

     Indirectly held: (continued)

     Guangdong Hengqin Zhongjin Yimai      25 June 2025        PRC, Limited Liability      550,000      51%        N/A Medical imaging
      Medical Management Co., Ltd.廣東省                           Company                                                 services/PRC
      橫琴眾錦一脈醫療管理有限公司
     Neimengu Yijiu Rimag Sunshine Medical 16 April 2025       PRC, Limited Liability      300,000      70%        N/A Medical imaging
      Technology Co., Ltd.內蒙古一九一脈陽                              Company                                                 services and
      光醫療科技有限公司                                                                                                         medical device
                                                                                                                        sales/PRC
     Fuzhou Hanshang Medical Technology    26 January 2021     PRC, Limited Liability            –      51%        N/A Medical imaging
       Co., Ltd.福州漢商醫療科技有限公司                                    Company                                                 services and
                                                                                                                        medical device
                                                                                                                        sales/PRC
     Rimag Tıbbi Görüntüleme Anonim Şirketi 30 November 2025   TR, Limited Liability       297,425     100%        N/A Medical imaging
       一脈土耳其醫學影像有限公司                                             Company                                                services/TR
     Rimag-EC Medical Technology Limited 20 December 2024      PRC, Limited Liability            –      51%        N/A Medical imaging
       一脈醫思醫療科技有限公司                                              Company                                                services/Hong Kong

     *        The English names of the PRC companies referred to above in this note represent management’s best
              efforts in translating the Chinese names of those companies as no English names have been registered
              or are available.




                                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025                   241
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY            OF      OTHER         POTENTIALLY      MATERIAL        ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES
      42.1 Subsidiaries

            42.1.1 Consolidation
                   Subsidiaries are all entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls
                   an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                   power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from
                   the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
                   from the date when control ceases.

                    The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations
                    by the Group.

                    Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between
                    group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
                    the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset.
                    Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
                    consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                    Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown
                    separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement
                    of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and
                    consolidated statement of financial position respectively.

                    (a)    Disposal of subsidiaries
                           When the Group ceases to have control or significant influence, any retained
                           interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value, with the change in
                           carrying amount recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The fair value
                           is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting
                           for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In
                           addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                           in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly
                           disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts
                           previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
                           statement of profit or loss.

                    (b)    Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
                           The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not
                           result in a loss of control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A
                           change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying
                           amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their
                           relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of
                           the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or
                           received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to
                           owners of the Company.


242   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                  POTENTIALLY             MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.1 Subsidiaries (continued)

     42.1.2 Separate financial statements
            Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost
            includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are
            accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.
            Investments in joint ventures and associates are initially recognised at cost and
            adjusted thereafter for the post-acquisition change in the investor’s share of
            the investee’s net assets. The investor’s profit or loss includes its share of the
            investee’s profit or loss and the investor’s other comprehensive income includes
            its share of the investee’s other comprehensive income.

           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving
           dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive
           income of the investment in the period the dividend is declared or if the carry
           amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying
           amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
           including goodwill.

42.2 Investments under equity accounting method

     (a)   Associates
           Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not
           control or joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between
           20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted
           for using the equity method of accounting (Note 42.2(c)), after initially being
           recognised at cost.

     (b)   Joint ventures
           Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint
           ventures depending on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor.
           The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined them
           to be joint ventures. Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity
           method (Note 42.2(c)), after initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated
           statement of financial position.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   243
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY    MATERIAL        ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.2 Investments under equity accounting method (continued)

            (c)     Equity method
                    Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at
                    cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition
                    profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of
                    movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive
                    income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are
                    recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

                    Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or
                    exceeds its interest in the entity, including any other unsecured receivables, the
                    Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made
                    payments on behalf of the other entity.

                    Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint
                    ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities.
                    Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of
                    an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted
                    investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                    policies adopted by the Group.

                    The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in
                    accordance with the policy described in note 42.7.

      42.3 Segment reporting

             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting
             provided to the chief operating decision maker.

             The chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”), who is responsible for allocating
             resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as
             the chairman and executive directors of the Company that makes strategic decisions.

      42.4 Foreign currency translation

            (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                    Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are
                    measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which
                    the entity operates (“the functional currency”). Since the majority of the assets
                    and operations of the Group are located in the PRC, the consolidated financial
                    statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and the
                    Group’s presentation currency.



244   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                    POTENTIALLY             MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.4 Foreign currency translation (continued)

     (ii)   Transactions and balances
            Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss, within finance costs. All other foreign
            exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or
            loss on a net basis within other gains – net.

            Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency
            are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was
            determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at fair value are
            reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences
            on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through
            profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss
            and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified
            as fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised in other
            comprehensive income.

42.5 Property, plant and equipment

     Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and
     accumulated impairment. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable
     to the acquisition of the items.

     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a
     separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
     associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured
     reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs
     and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the
     periods in which they are incurred.

     Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of
     their residual values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

     Machineries                        8 – 10 years
     Office furniture and fixtures      5 years
     Electronic equipment               3 years
     Leasehold improvements             Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life

     The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
     the end of each reporting period.

     An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the
     asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 42.7).

                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   245
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY     MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.5 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying
             amount. These are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

             Construction-in-progress (the “CIP”) represents machineries, office furniture and fixtures,
             electronic equipment and leasehold improvements under construction and is stated at
             cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction
             and acquisition and capitalised borrowing costs. No provision for depreciation is made
             on CIP until such time as the relevant assets are completed and ready for intended use.
             When the assets concerned are available for use, the cost are transferred to relevant
             categories of property, plant and equipment and depreciated in accordance with the
             policy as stated above.

      42.6 Intangible assets

            (i)     Goodwill
                    Goodwill on acquisitions of a subsidiary is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is
                    not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events
                    or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at
                    cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
                    entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                    Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment
                    testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-
                    generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in
                    which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest
                    level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the
                    operating segments.

                    Impairment testing of goodwill is described in note 42.7.




246   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                     POTENTIALLY             MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.6 Intangible assets (continued)

     (ii)    Software
             Acquired software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred
             to acquire and bring the specific software into usage. Costs associated with
             maintaining software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.
             These costs are amortised using the straight-line method over their estimated
             useful lives varying from 5 to 10 years based on managements expectation on the
             technological lives of the software. Costs associated with maintaining computer
             software programmes are recognised as expense as incurred.

             The length of useful life of an intangible asset is determined in accordance to
             the shortest of period among the three, the period during which such assets is
             expected to bring economic benefits to the Group, the beneficial life specified
             in the contract and the legal life for software, patents and licences laws and
             regulations of the PRC.

             The amortisation period and amortisation method of intangible assets are reviewed
             at each reporting period. The effects of any revision are recognised as profit or
             loss when the changes arise.

     (iii)   Research and development
             Research expenditures are charged to profit or loss as an expense in the period
             the expenditures are incurred. Development costs are recognised as assets if only
             when the following can be demonstrated (if applicable):

             –    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible assets so that it will be
                  available for use or sale;

             –    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

             –    the ability to use or sell the intangible assets;

             –    the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

             –    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to
                  complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

             –    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible
                  asset during its development.


                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   247
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY    MATERIAL        ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.6 Intangible assets (continued)

            (iv)    Licences and client relationships
                    Licences and client relationships acquired in business combinations and are
                    recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. They have a definite useful lives
                    of 10 years and 12 years based on the licence term and period of cooperation
                    respectively and are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
                    and impairment losses.

      42.7 Impairment of non-financial assets

             Intangible assets that has an indefinite useful life is not subject to amortization and is
             tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
             indicate that it might be impaired. Other assets that are subject to amortization are
             tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
             carrying amount might not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the
             amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
             recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value
             in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
             levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows which are largely independent
             of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (CGUs). Non-financial assets,
             except for goodwill, that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
             impairment at the end of each reporting date.




248   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                   POTENTIALLY             MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.8 Assets classified as held for sale

     Assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally
     through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered
     highly probable. They are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value
     less costs to sell, except for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from
     employee benefits, financial assets and investment property that are carried at fair value
     and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempt from this
     requirement.

     An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset
     to fair value less costs to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair
     value less costs to sell of an asset, but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss
     previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of
     the asset is recognised at the date of derecognition.

     Assets are not depreciated or amortised while they are classified as held for sale.

     Assets classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the
     balance sheet.

42.9 Investments and other financial assets

     (i)   Classification
           The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

           –     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other
                 comprehensive income, or through profit or loss), and

           –     those to be measured at amortised cost.

           The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
           financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

           For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded either in profit
           or loss or in other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments
           that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an
           irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to present subsequent changes
           in fair value in other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

           The Group reclassifies debt instruments when and only when its business model
           for managing those assets changes.


                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   249
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY     MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.9 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

            (ii)    Recognition and derecognition
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-
                    date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial
                    assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial
                    assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
                    substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership.

            (iii)   Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus,
                    in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”),
                    transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial
                    asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit
                    or loss.

                    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when
                    determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                    Debt instruments
                    Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business
                    model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset.
                    There are three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt
                    instruments:

                    –      Amortised cost: assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows
                           where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest
                           are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets
                           is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any
                           gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss
                           and presented in other gains – net together with foreign exchange gains
                           and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the
                           consolidated statement of profit or loss.




250   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                    POTENTIALLY            MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.9 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

     (iii)   Measurement (continued)
             Debt instruments (continued)
             –     FVOCI: assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for
                   selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely
                   payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in
                   the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of
                   impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains
                   and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset
                   is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI
                   is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/
                   (losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                   income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and
                   losses are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are
                   presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

             –     FVTPL: assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI
                   are measured at fair value through profit or loss. A gain or loss on a debt
                   instrument that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss
                   and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss and
                   presented net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss within other
                   gains – net in the period in which it arises.

             Equity instruments
             –     The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where
                   the Group’s management has elected to present fair value gains and losses
                   on equity investments in OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair
                   value gains and losses to profit or loss following the derecognition of the
                   investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                   profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

             –     Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at FVTPL are
                   recognised in “other gains – net” in the statement of profit or loss as
                   applicable.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   251
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY        MATERIAL          ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.9 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

            (iv)    Impairment of financial assets
                    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit loss
                    associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The
                    impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant
                    increase in credit risk. Note 3.1(b) details how the Group determines whether there
                    has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                    For trade receivables, notes receivables and long-term trade receivables arising
                    from the sales of goods and rendering of services in the ordinary course of
                    operating activities, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS
                    9 regardless of whether a significant financing component exists, which requires
                    lifetime expected credit losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the
                    receivables

                    Impairment of other receivables are measured as either 12-month expected credit
                    losses or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a
                    significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in
                    credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                    measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

      42.10 Inventories

             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined
             using the weighted average method. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in
             the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

      42.11 Contract assets and contract liabilities

             Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive
             consideration from the customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods
             or provide services to the customer. The combination of those rights and performance
             obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on the relationship
             between the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset
             and recognised as contract assets if the measure of the remaining rights exceeds the
             measure of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract is a liability
             and recognised as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance
             obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights.




252   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                   POTENTIALLY            MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.12 Trade receivables, notes receivables and other receivables

     Trade receivables, notes receivables and other receivables are amounts due from
     clients for service performed in imaging center business, imaging solution services, and
     cloud platform services rendered in the ordinary course of business. Majority of other
     receivables are staff advance and rental deposit. If collection of trade receivables and
     other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the
     business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as
     non-current assets.

     Trade receivables, notes receivables are recognised initially at the amount of
     consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components,
     in which case they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade and other
     receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
     measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

42.13 Cash and cash equivalents

     For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and
     cash equivalents includes cash on hand, demand deposits held at call with financial
     institutions.

42.14 Paid-in capital, share capital and treasury share reserve

     Ordinary shares are classified as equity (Note 24).

     Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as
     a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

     Where the Group issued shares at a premium, whether for cash or otherwise, a sum
     equal to the aggregate amount of the value of the premiums over share capital shall be
     classified as share premium.

     Where any company purchases the company’s equity instruments, for example as the
     result of a share buy-back or a share-based payment plan, the consideration paid,
     including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted
     from equity attributable to the owners of the Company as treasury shares until the shares
     are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any
     consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs
     and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the owners of the
     Group.

                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   253
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY    MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.15 Trade and notes payables and other payables

             Trade and notes payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been
             acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and notes payables
             are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year (or in the normal
             operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current
             liabilities.

             Trade and notes payables and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and
             subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

      42.16 Borrowings

             Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred.
             Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Any difference between the
             proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit
             or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid
             on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan
             to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In
             this case, the fee is deferred until the draw down occurs. To the extent that there is no
             evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is
             capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the
             facility to which it relates.

             Borrowings are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is
             extinguished, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a
             financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to another party and the
             consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
             recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting year,
             the Group has a right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the
             reporting year.

             Covenants that the group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the
             reporting year, are considered in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current
             or non-current. Covenants that the group is required to comply with after the reporting
             year do not affect the classification at the reporting date.




254   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                   POTENTIALLY            MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.17 Borrowing costs

     General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition,
     construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time
     that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying
     assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
     intended use or sale.

     Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
     their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for
     capitalisation.

     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are
     incurred.

42.18 Current and deferred income tax

     The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable or recoverable on
     the current period’s taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for each
     jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to
     temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

     Current income tax
     The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
     substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the
     company and its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income.
     Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to
     situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation, and it considers
     whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment.
     The group measures its tax balances either based on either the most likely amount or
     the expected value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the
     resolution of the uncertainty.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   255
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY    MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.18 Current and deferred income tax (continued)

            Deferred income tax
            Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary
            differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
            amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are
            not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax
            is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
            transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
            neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and
            deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and
            laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period
            and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the
            deferred income tax liability is settled.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will
             be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to
             offset current tax assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the
             same taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity
             has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to
             realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

             Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it
             relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
             case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
             respectively.




256   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                     POTENTIALLY            MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.19 Employee benefits

     (i)    Pension obligations
            In accordance with the rules and regulations in the PRC, the employees of the
            Group based in the PRC participate in various defined contribution retirement
            benefit plans organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in
            the PRC under which the Group and the employees are required to make monthly
            contributions to these plans calculated as a percentage of the employees’ salaries,
            subject to certain ceiling. The municipal and provincial governments undertake
            to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing and future retired
            employees based in the PRC payable under the plans described above. Other than
            the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of
            retirement and other post retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these
            plans are held separately from those of the Group in an independent fund managed
            by the PRC government. The Group’s contributions to these plans are expensed as
            incurred.

     (ii)   Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
            The employees of the Group based in the PRC are entitled to participate in various
            government-supervised housing funds, medical insurance and other employee
            social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these funds
            based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject to certain
            ceiling. The Group’s liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions
            payable in each period. Contributions to these funds are expensed as incurred.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   257
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY     MATERIAL        ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.19 Employee benefits (continued)

            (iii)   Short-term obligations
                    Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and
                    accumulated sick leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months
                    after the end of the period in which the employees rendered the related service are
                    recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period
                    and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are
                    settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the
                    consolidated statement of financial position.

            (iv)    Employee leave entitlement
                    Employee entitlement to annual leave are recognised when they have accrued to
                    employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a
                    result of services rendered by employees up to each reporting date. Employees
                    entitlement to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of
                    leave.

            (v)     Bonus plan
                    The expected cost of bonuses is recognised as a liability when the Group has
                    a present legal or constructive obligation for payment of bonus as a result of
                    services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be
                    made. Liabilities for bonus plans are expected to be settled within 1 year and are
                    measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.




258   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                  POTENTIALLY            MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.20 Share-based payment

     (i)   Share incentive plan
           The Group operates equity-settled share-based payment plans, under which the
           Group receives service from its employees and the strategic investors in exchange
           for the equity instruments of the Group. As disclosed in note 26, during the year,
           certain shares were granted to certain directors, senior management, employees
           and the strategic investors. The fair value of the service received in exchange for
           the grant of shares is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed
           is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

           –     including any market performance conditions (such as the entity’s share
                 price)

           –     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting
                 conditions (such as profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an
                 employee of the entity over a specified time period), and

           –     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (such as the requirement
                 for employees to save or hold shares for a specific period of time).

           Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about
           the number of equity instruments that are expected to vest. The total expense is
           recognised over the vesting period, in which all of the specified vesting conditions
           are to be satisfied.

           At the end of each period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of shares
           that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions.
           The entity recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in
           profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   259
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY     MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.20 Share-based payment (continued)

            (ii)    Share-based payments transaction among group entities
                    The grant by the Company of its equity instruments to the employees of its
                    subsidiaries is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
                    received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the
                    vesting period as an increase to investments in subsidiaries, with a corresponding
                    credit to equity.

            (iii)   Share-based payments to strategic investors
                    The Company issued common shares to series D1 strategic investors in July
                    2021. Upon issuance of common shares, the difference between the consideration
                    received and the fair value of common shares is recorded into administrative
                    expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and in share-based
                    payment reserve in the consolidated statement of financial position.

      42.21 Provisions

             Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
             as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
             to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not
             recognised for future operating losses.

             Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be
             required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole.
             A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one
             item included in the same class of obligations might be small.

             Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the
             expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period.
             The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects
             current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
             liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
             interest expense.




260   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                   POTENTIALLY             MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.22 Revenue recognition

     The accounting policies for the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers are
     explained in Note 5(d).

42.23 Earnings per share

     (i)    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

            –     The profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of
                  servicing equity other than ordinary shares.

            –     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
                  financial year.

     (ii)   Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic
            earnings per share to take into account:

            –     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated
                  with dilutive potential ordinary shares, and

            –     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have
                  been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary
                  shares.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   261
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY   MATERIAL         ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.24 Interest income

             Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and on financial assets at FVOCI
             calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of
             other income. Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from
             financial assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income
             is included in other income.

      42.25 Government grants

             Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable
             assurance that the grant will be received, and the Group will comply with all attached
             conditions.

             Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the
             period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

             Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are
             included in non-current liabilities as deferred revenue and are credited to profit or loss
             on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

      42.26 Leases

             The Group leases various buildings and machines. Rental contracts are typically made
             for a fixed period of 2 to 14 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis
             and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. Lease payments to be made
             under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
             liability.

             Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at
             which the leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated
             between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
             the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
             balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
             shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.




262   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


42   SUMMARY OF OTHER                      POTENTIALLY         MATERIAL           ACCOUNTING
     POLICIES (continued)
42.26 Leases (continued)

     Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis.
     Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

     –     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
           receivable

     –     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate

     –     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees

     –     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to
           exercise that option and

     –     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee
           exercising that option.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

     –     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

     –     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
           incentives received

     –     any initial direct costs, and

     –     restoration costs.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   263
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025


      42     SUMMARY OF OTHER                         POTENTIALLY    MATERIAL        ACCOUNTING
             POLICIES (continued)
      42.26 Leases (continued)

             Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are
             recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are
             leases with a lease term of 12 month or less.

             The Group, as seller-lessee, acquires certain equipment through sale and leaseback
             arrangement with financial leasing company. The transfer of such equipment by the
             Group does not satisfy the requirement of IFRS 15 to be accounted for a sale of the
             asset due to the fact that it does not meet requirement that the transfer of control of the
             equipment.

             As such, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset in “Property, plant
             and equipment” and recognise a financial liability equal to the transfer proceeds in
             “Borrowing”.

      42.27 Dividend distribution

             Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the
             Group’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
             Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

      42.28 Other accounting policies

            42.28.1 Offsetting financial instruments
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the
                    statement of financial position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable
                    right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a
                    net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
                    enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable
                    in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
                    bankruptcy of the relevant company or the counterparty.




264   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                                Financial Summary


                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                2025          2024           2023          2022          2021
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

Revenue                                       873,120        760,591       928,914       784,444        592,013
Gross profit                                  295,239        277,332       332,597       236,950        175,188
(Loss)/profit for the year                    (10,505)       (58,858)       36,574       (15,058)      (381,960)
Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to
  owners of the Company                         3,748        (45,919)       44,415           364       (360,731)


                                                                   As at December 31,
                                                2025          2024           2023          2022          2021
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

Non-current assets                           1,508,291     1,366,813     1,258,179      1,256,179     1,207,980
Current assets                               1,350,386       896,975       620,479        733,239       847,752
Total assets                                 2,858,677     2,263,788     1,878,658      1,989,418     2,055,732
Non-current liabilities                        369,388       378,770       227,360        276,083       384,856
Current liabilities                            484,308       400,987       316,184        397,096       367,621
Total liabilities                              853,696       779,757       543,544        673,179       752,477

Total equity                                 2,004,981     1,484,031     1,335,114      1,316,239     1,303,255




                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   265
      Definitions


      “Articles of Association”            the Articles of Association of Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (as
                                           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                           time)

      “associate(s)”                       has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Board

      “Board of Directors”                 the board of Directors
        or “Board”

      “China” or “PRC”                     the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this
                                           annual report and for geographical reference only, excludes
                                           Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

      “Company” or                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司),
        “our Company”                      a company initially established under the laws of the PRC on
        or “Rimag”                         October 30, 2014 as a joint stock company with limited liability,
                                           subsequently converted into a limited liability company on July
                                           15, 2016 and further converted into a joint stock company with
                                           limited liability in the PRC on June 30, 2021 and the H Shares
                                           of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2522)
                                           and which includes its subsidiaries (from time to time) where the
                                           context so requires

      “connected transaction(s)”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Corporate Governance                the “Corporate Governance Code” as set out in Appendix C1 to
        Code”                              the Listing Rules

      “CSRC”                               the China Securities Regulatory Commission

      “Director(s)”                        the director(s) of the Company

      “Ganjiang New Area Rimag”            Jiangxi Ganjiang New Area Rimag Enterprise Management
                                           Center (Limited Partnership) (江西贛江新區一脈陽光企業管理中
                                           心(有限合夥)) (formerly known as Nanchang Rimag Sunshine
                                           Enterprise Management Center (Limited Partnership) (南昌一
                                           脈陽光企業管理中心(有限合夥))), a limited liability partnership
                                           established under the laws of the PRC on March 28, 2016 as an
                                           employee shareholding platform of the Company




266   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
                                                                                   Definitions


“Global Offering”          the global offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares by
                           the Company, details of which are set out in the Prospectus

“Group”, “we”, “us” or     the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one
  “our”                    or more of its subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”               overseas listed foreign ordinary share(s) in the share capital of
                           the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are
                           listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

“HK$”                      Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency
                           of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Listing Date”             June 7, 2024

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or
                           otherwise modified from time to time

“Main Board”               the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the
                           Stock Exchange, which is independent from and operated in
                           parallel with Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                           Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Board

“Prospectus”               the prospectus issued by the Company dated May 30, 2024

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”         the year ended December 31, 2025

“RMB”                      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025   267
      Definitions


      “SFO” or “Securities and             the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
        Futures Ordinance”                 Laws of Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise
                                           modified from time to time

      “Share(s)”                           ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with a
                                           nominal value of RMB1.00 each, including unlisted shares and
                                           H Shares

      “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares

      “Single Largest                      Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang and Ganjiang New Area Rimag
        Shareholders”

      “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary(ies)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “substantial shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Supervisor(s)”                      supervisor(s) of the Company

      “Board of Supervisors”               the board of supervisors of the Company

      “Unlisted Share(s)”                  ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a
                                           nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are not listed on any
                                           stock exchange

      “%”                                  per cent




268   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Annual Report 2025
