2024
INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                2

Financial and Business Highlights                                    4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                   6

Corporate Governance and Other Information                          31

Condensed Consolidated Interim Income Statement                     45

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income    46

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position     47

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity      49

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Cash Flows             51

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information   52

Definitions                                                         83
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                         Mr. YUAN Jun (袁駿先生) (Chairman)
                                                                Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)
    Dr. XU Ke (徐克博士) (Chairman)                                 Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生)
    Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生)
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰先生)
                                                                Dr. XU Ke (徐克博士) (Chairman)
                                                                Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)
    Non-executive Directors
                                                                Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)

    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
    Mr. MAO Xiaojun (毛曉軍先生)                                     AUDITOR
                                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Independent Non-executive Directors                         Certified Public Accountants
                                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)                                      22/F, Prince’s Building
    Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)                                           Central
    Mr. YUAN Jun (袁駿先生)                                         Hong Kong

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                      Room 1002, 10th Floor, 10# Building
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)                                       Public R&D Centre
                                                                Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                  Chinese Medicine Science and Technology
                                                                Innovation City
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
                                                                Ganjiang New District
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)
                                                                Jiangxi province, China

    SUPERVISORS
                                                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
    Mr. CHEN Guangwei (陳光偉先生) (Chairman)                        PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
    Mr. XUE Yuansheng (薛源生先生)
    Mr. LIU Weiwei (劉魏偉先生)                                      Building 2, 2 Minzuyuan
                                                                Minzuyuan Road
                                                                Chaoyang District
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                Beijing, China
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (Chairman)
    Mr. YUAN Jun (袁駿先生)
    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)




2   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                            Corporate Information


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS               HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
IN HONG KONG                              Sullivan & Cromwell (Hong Kong) LLP
40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre           20th Floor, Alexandra House
No. 248 Queen’s Road East                 18 Chater Road
Wanchai                                   Central
Hong Kong                                 Hong Kong, China


PRINCIPAL BANK                            H SHARE REGISTRAR
China Construction Bank Corporation,      Tricor Investor Services Limited
Nanchang Branch                           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
No. 288 Hongdu North Avenue               16 Harcourt Road
Donghu District                           Hong Kong
Nanchang
Jiangxi province, China                   STOCK CODE
                                          H Share: 02522
COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Red Sun Capital Limited                   COMPANY WEBSITE
Room 310, 3/F
                                          www.rimag.com.cn
China Insurance Group Building
141 Des Voeux Road Central
Hong Kong




                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   3
    Financial and Business Highlights

    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                       2024              2023           Year-on-
                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)              year
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000             change

    Revenue                                                           413,713           529,779           -21.9%
    Gross profit                                                      159,659           188,631           -15.4%
    Profit for the period                                                 962            47,292           -98.0%
    Profit for the period attributable to owners
      of the company                                                     3,836           42,979           -91.1%

    Non-IFRS Measures*:
    EBITDA                                                            114,132           155,321           -26.5%
    Adjusted EBITDA                                                   149,058           167,309           -10.9%
    Adjusted net profit                                                35,888            59,280           -39.5%

    *      For more details, please see “Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Review – Non-IFRS Measures”.


    The year-on-year decline in the Group’s interim results during the Reporting Period was mainly
    due to the slowdown in demand of service procurement from various medical institutions as
    well as the bidding process under the impact of the macro-economic slowdown and the tight
    regulatory environment of the healthcare industry. Nevertheless, the Group’s revenue from its
    core imaging center services remained relatively stable, and still maintained solid business
    fundamentals and continued to expand the development of new projects even in the face
    of the impact of the macroeconomic slowdown and the tight regulatory environment in the
    healthcare industry. Meanwhile, comparing to the second half of 2023, the Group’s interim
    results during the Reporting Period still maintained a stable period-to-period growth. We
    believe that the whole healthcare industry’s overall demand for imaging services is still in a
    relatively stable condition, especially in the context of the country’s proposal to develop the
    “Thousand Counties Project (千縣工程)” and to carry out the development of disciplines and
    the enhancement of the primary level, as well as to encourage the equipment update of primary
    medical institutions. Rimag’s imaging center services and imaging solution services can both
    be the solution for primary medical institutions to complete the improvement of equipment and
    facilities as well as to solidly enhance their imaging service capabilities.




4   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                    Financial and Business Highlights


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, we are the only operator
and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging services and
value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. Since the beginning of 2024, we
have made the following progress in our business:

•    Listing on the Stock Exchange. On June 7, 2024, the H Shares of the Company were
     successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, making us the “first listed
     medical imaging services company in China (中國醫學影像服務第一股)”. The net proceeds
     from the Global Offering amounted to approximately HK$183.48 million.

•    Continued expansion of medical imaging center network. During the Reporting
     Period, we newly developed 12 imaging center projects and newly put 9 imaging center
     projects into operation. As at June 30, 2024, our medical imaging center network
     covered 17 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC, with an
     aggregate of 105 imaging centers in operation, achieving the continued expansion and
     layout of medical imaging center network and reinforcing our leading position in the
     industry.

•    Technology and industry achievements. During the Reporting Period, from the
     perspective of the Group’s own strategic development and industry needs, we organized
     clinical experts and medical imaging experts to undertake the development of a series
     of standards for medical imaging examinations, and established the “Standard for the
     Naming and Coding of Medical Imaging Examination Items (     《醫學影像檢查項目名稱及編碼
     標準》   )” (the “Standard”) to provide the basis for the standardization and unification of the
     Group’s medical imaging data and to lay the foundation for the Group to achieve high
     quality development and value for data service. The Standard was reviewed by a team
     of national expert reviewers organized by the PMPH Research Institute (人衛研究院) and
     was formally released on January 1, 2024 and formally implemented on March 1, 2024.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   5
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    I.     BUSINESS REVIEW
           Overview

           As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, we are the only
           operator and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging
           services and value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. On June 7,
           2024, the H Shares of the Company were successfully listed on the Main Board of the
           Stock Exchange, making us the “first listed medical imaging services company in China
           (中國醫學影像服務第一股)”. The net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted to
           approximately HK$183.48 million.

           We are always committed to center around medical imaging services, with the support
           of technology innovation and model innovation (such as the model of our regional
           collaborative imaging centers), and build up the strategic layout of “expanding and
           building centers (開疆拓土建中心)”, “deep plowing and cultivating operation (深耕細
           作抓運營)”, “seeking improvement in data services (數據服務謀跨越)” and “building a
           platform for ecological empowerment (生態賦能搭平台)”, aiming to establish a medical
           imaging platform with leading industry chain integration and eco-organization capabilities
           in China. We always adhere to positioning medical imaging services as the core of
           our business, building up our service capability output through our three key business
           segments, namely imaging center services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud
           services. Apart from standard medical imaging service options, we can also provide
           customized and menu-based imaging service packages to satisfy different pain points
           and needs of our customers, while we always maintain consistent underlying service
           strengths and ecosystem.

           In July 2024, the Third Plenary Session of the National People’s Congress further
           proposed in the “Decision of the Chinese Central Government on Further Comprehensively
           Deepening Reform and Advancing Chinese-Style Modernization (       《中國中央關於進一步全
           面深化改革推進中國式現代化的決定》                    ”
                                               ) to deepen the reform of the medical and healthcare
           system, promote the expansion and downward penetration and balanced regional layout
           of high-quality medical resources, accelerate the construction of a hierarchical diagnostic
           and treatment system, promote the construction of close-knit medical consortiums, and
           strengthen the medical and healthcare services for grassroots level. Such proposal further
           strengthened the Company’s correct path of developing its business by “deeply rooting
           in city and county-level administrative regions with relatively weak bases of hospital
           imaging, uneven development and high market shares”.

           During the Reporting Period, we generated revenue of approximately RMB413.7 million,
           primarily from: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services; and (iii) Rimag
           Cloud services.




6   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Imaging Center Services

Our imaging center services aim to solve the pain points of medical imaging industry,
achieve the empowerment and balanced distribution of quality medical imaging
resources, and form a network of chain medical imaging centers. Our imaging center
services include: (i) imaging examination and diagnostic services offered at our own
imaging centers, among other things; and (ii) operational management services offered to
imaging centers of our business partners. We provide the foregoing services through four
types of imaging centers, namely: (i) flagship imaging centers; (ii) regional collaborative
imaging centers; (iii) specialized medical consortium imaging centers; and (iv) operational
management imaging centers.

During the Reporting Period, our revenue generated from the imaging center services
was approximately RMB319.0 million, representing (i) a year-on-year decrease of 5.9%
as compared to approximately RMB339.0 million for the six months ended June 30,
2023; and (ii) a period-to-period increase of RMB19.9 million or 6.7% against the trend,
as compared to approximately RMB299.0 million for the second half of 2023.

On the whole, our revenue from the core imaging center services remained relatively
stable, and still maintained solid business fundamentals and continued to expand the
development of new projects even in the face of the impact of the macroeconomic
slowdown and the tight regulatory environment in the healthcare industry.

During the Reporting Period, we continued to expand and develop our imaging center
services in China and reinforced our leading market position as follows:

A.   Developed projects. During the six months ended June 30, 2024, we newly
     developed 12 imaging centers (based on the signing of agreements), comprising
     1 regional collaborative imaging center, 9 specialized medical consortium imaging
     centers and 2 operational management imaging centers. As at June 30, 2024, our
     Company had developed a total number of 119 imaging centers, comprising 9
     flagship imaging centers, 28 regional collaborative imaging centers, 66 specialized
     medical consortium imaging centers and 16 operational management imaging
     centers.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


           B.     Operated projects. During the six months ended June 30, 2024, we commenced
                  the operation of 9 imaging centers (based on the signing of operation confirmation
                  letters), comprising 1 regional collaborative imaging center, 4 specialized medical
                  consortium imaging centers and 4 operational management imaging centers.
                  As at June 30, 2024, our Company operated a total number of 105 imaging
                  centers, comprising 9 flagship imaging centers, 25 regional collaborative imaging
                  centers, 54 specialized medical consortium imaging centers and 17 operational
                  management imaging centers, with a total of 32 third-party medical imaging center
                  licenses in effect in China.

           C.     Construction-in-progress projects. As at June 30, 2024, there were 14
                  construction-in-progress imaging centers (which refer to the imaging centers under
                  development but not yet put into operation), comprising 3 regional collaborative
                  imaging centers and 11 specialized medical consortium imaging centers, which are
                  expected to commence operation in the second half of 2024.

           Under the premise of having a nation-wide layout of business network, we always target
           to align the enhancement of our professional medical imaging service capabilities with
           the expansion of our business operations. During the Reporting Period, we made the
           following improvements in our professional medical imaging service capabilities:

           A.     The Group continuously held internal professional training courses for medical
                  imaging specialties. The Group conducted 78 regular training courses under the
                  imaging category, including 35 radiology training courses, 11 ultrasound training
                  courses, 12 nuclear medicine training courses and 20 nursing training courses.
                  Each imaging center strengthened its professional capabilities from its own
                  perspective. In addition to regular courses with pre-determined subjects, the
                  Group’s Imaging Academy also coordinated interest courses in three dimensions:
                  conducting 14 sub-specialty discipline training sessions by inviting top experts
                  in the industry to give lectures to help physicians, technicians and nursing staff
                  broaden their professional knowledge and improve their professional level, covering
                  1,134 person-times in a total of 74 sessions; conducting 86 imaging technology
                  application training sessions by providing one-on-one instructional training on the
                  use of imaging technology, to accurately improve the professional skills of frontline
                  medical technicians; conducting 7 phases of medical imaging leadership training
                  to cultivate leaders in medical imaging center management through management-
                  oriented training and create all-round department directors with professionalism
                  management.




8   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


B.   Disease-specific imaging examinations and imaging specialties technology with the
     brand mark of Rimag continued to develop and create high net value income for the
     Group, forming a unique and innovative path for the Group’s professional operation
     and development. Through preliminary attempts, the Group launched disease-
     specific imaging examinations for scoliosis, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular
     diseases, Alzheimer’s disease, rectal cancer staging, and arterial plaque screening
     (vascular high-resolution) in the first phase, and successfully joined the “China AD
     Preclinical Alliance (中國AD臨床前期聯盟)”, realizing the linkage resource circulation
     between authoritative medical organizations and the Group’s imaging centers in the
     clinical research on aging diseases in China; launched multiple imaging specialty
     technologies, such as MR examination of temporomandibular joints, MR scanning
     of breast + dynamic enhancement scanning, ultrasound of muscles and bones, MR
     scanning of cranial nerves, and CT examination of stomach and small intestines.

C.   Continued to maintain the academic communication between radiologists and
     clinicians. Our imaging centers continued to communicate with clinicians to deliver
     new technologies and examinations, and organized a total of 375 clinical academic
     conferences. Through the communication and knowledge transfer between imaging
     centers and clinicians, based on high-quality imaging, we helped clinicians set
     up specialty clinics (such as brain health specialty clinics, lung nodule specialty
     clinics, carotid plaque specialty clinics, etc.) to develop key clinical specialties
     and enhance the overall diagnostic and treatment technology and academic
     development of hospitals.

D.   Emphasized the cultivation and reserve of the Group’s professional talents. We
     always value the cultivation of new force and the reserve of professional talents.
     The Group’s Imaging Academy focused on promoting cooperation with medical
     colleges and universities in respect of apprenticeship, internship and directed
     training and employment, the establishment of training bases, and the research
     and development cooperation with college expert teams in the area of artificial
     intelligence, and achieved multi-dimensional cooperation with 5 institutions.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Imaging Solution Services

            Our imaging solution services primarily include: (i) equipment selection and configuration;
            (ii) infrastructure renovation services; (iii) training services; (iv) repair and maintenance
            services; and (v) Rimag Cloud platform-related services. We generally offer our
            service modules, primarily including: equipment selection and configuration services,
            infrastructure renovation services, and training services, as equipment-centered one-
            stop solution packages to our customers. Customers are also able to purchase separate
            service modules, such as repair and maintenance services, from us. Our goal is to
            enhance our customers’ ability to serve patients through our imaging empowering
            solutions, realizing that “using a good equipment is more important than buying a good
            equipment”.

            During the Reporting Period, our revenue generated from the imaging solution services
            was approximately RMB85.2 million, representing (i) a year-on-year decrease of 54.3%
            as compared to approximately RMB186.5 million for the six months ended June 30,
            2023; and (ii) a period-to-period decrease of RMB6.7 million or 7.3%, as compared to
            approximately RMB91.9 million for the second half of 2023.

            The decline in revenue from imaging solution services was mainly because the tight
            regulatory environment in the healthcare industry resulted in the slowdown of the various
            procurement demand from medical institutions across the industry, as well as the
            slowdown of the bidding process of projects with demand, which caused the progress
            of projects not yet reach the stage of revenue recognition. Notwithstanding the above
            impact of the external policy environment, we believe that the overall demand for imaging
            solution services in the industry as a whole is still in a relatively stable condition.

            Rimag Cloud Services

            Our Rimag Cloud platform is designed with reference to the whole process and features
            step-by-step R&D in a modular manner. Our Rimag Cloud services help medical
            institutions reduce labor costs, standardize workflow procedures, and realize data-driven
            management, thereby improving the service capabilities of these medical institutions
            and the medical experience of their patients. Our Rimag Cloud platform is composed
            of various modules. The modules of our commercialized Rimag Cloud platform mainly
            include: (i) medical imaging workflow modules; and (ii) operational management modules.




10   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


As of June 30, 2024, we had 91 software copyright certificates and 2 medical device
registration certificates relating to the Rimag Cloud platform, and applied for 4 invention
patents under review.

Our revenue generated from the Rimag Cloud services for the six months ended June
30, 2024 was approximately RMB9.6 million, representing an increase of 123.3% as
compared to approximately RMB4.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023.
The increase was primarily because we tapped into the informatization needs of hospital
partners and brought in secondary sales. During the Reporting Period, our revenue
generated from Rimag Cloud services increased by RMB1.4 million, as compared to
RMB8.2 million for the second half of 2023, representing a period-to-period increase of
17.1%.

Integrated One-Stop Ecosystem Platform Centered Around Our Three Key Business
Segments

We build our service capability output through three parts of our business, namely
imaging center services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud services, the three
of which are mutually supportive and transformative. Targeting different pain points
and needs of our customers, we can provide different service packages to satisfy their
needs. These three core businesses form a one-stop ecosystem platform, making it link
the different players, and we enable each role in this ecosystem platform to gain their
own value embodiment or value interaction.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


          The following diagram illustrates the integrated one-stop ecosystem platform centered
          around our three key business segments:

          5ISFFDPSFCVTJOFTTFTPGUIF$PNQBOZGPSNBPOFTUPQFDPTZTUFN
          DPOOFDUJOHEJGGFSFOUQBSUJDJQBOUT
                                                                                                                  '/9KX\OIK6XU\OJKXY


                                                                                '/:KINTOIGR                 'VVROIGZOUT
                                                                                    :UURY                     9IKTGXOU



                       5ZNKX6GXZOIOVGTZY                                        3JNBH$MPVE4FSWJDF                                                             3KJOIGR/TYZOZ[ZOUTY
                                                 /TJ[YZX_                                                                                             6[XINGYK
                                                 +^VKXZOYK                                                                                         /SGMOTM9KX\OIKY


                                   8KYKGXIN
                                 'INOK\KSKTZY                                  3KJOIGR/SGMOTM 3KJOIGR/SGMOTM 5TKYZUV                                      +TNGTIK/SGMOTM
                                                                               /TLUXSGZO`GZOUT /TZKRROMKTZO`GZOUT )USVXKNKTYO\K
                                                                                                                    9UR[ZOUTY                                  )GVGHOROZOKY

                                                        *GZG'YYKZY             )UTTKIZOUT                 9SGXZ
                                                         GTJ*GZG                ZU)RU[J             :KINTURUM_GTJ                 *GZG;VRUGJ
                                                         9KX\OIKY                6RGZLUXS                (OM*GZG
                                                                                                          9KX\OIKY

                                                                                               'II[S[RGZK                        *NBHJOH
       *OOPWBUJWFNPEFM                                   *NBHJOH$FOUFS
                                                             4FSWJDFT
                                                                                                  )UXK
                                                                                               )GVGHOROZOKY
                                                                                                                              &NQPXFSNFOU                                         5FDIOPMPHJDBM
                                                                                                                                4PMVUJPOT
      3FHJPOBMTIBSJOHNPEFM                                                                       GTJ                                                                              *OOPWBUJPO
                                                                                               :XGTYLUXS
                                                                                                   ZU                                                                           %BUBESJWFOTFSWJDFT
                                                                                                                                                                   6[XINGYK
                                                                                                9UR[ZOUTY
                               /TYZGRRGZOUTUL                                                                     +W[OVSKTZ    9K/TLXGYZX[IZ[XK 'TGR_YOYUL        /SGMOTM
                                9KX\OIKYGTJ             ,RGMYNOV   8KMOUTGR)URRGHUXGZO\K                        9KRKIZOUTGTJ   8KTU\GZOUT )ROTOIGR/SGMOTM     9KX\OIKYGTJ
                                                                                                                  )UTLOM[XGZOUT      X\OIKY      )GVGHOROZOKY        .KGRZN
                                  9ULZ]GXK
                                  9_YZKSY                                                                                                                         3GTGMKSKTZ

                                                                                              +^ZKTJZU3UXK
                                                     9VKIOGRO`KJ3KJOIGR 5VKXGZOUTGR         /SGMOTM)KTZKXY             7[GROZ_ :XGOTOTMUL 8KVGOXGTJ
                                                        )UTYUXZO[S       3GTGMKSKTZ                                      )UTZXUR 3KJOIGR9ZGLL 3GOTZKTGTIK
                                         /SGMOTM                                                                                                             'II[XGZK
                                        +W[OVSKTZ                                                                                                            *OGMTUYOY



                     /SGMOTM+W[OVSKTZ                                                                                                                          6GZOKTZYGTJ5ZNKX
                         6XU\OJKXY                                              9SGXZ                       9VKIOGRO`KJ                                        .KGRZNIGXK)UTY[SKXY
                                                                             =UXQYZGZOUT                      )ROTOIGR
                                                                             GTJ:XGOTOTM                   1TU]RKJMK
                                                                              6XUMXGSY                       GTJ9QORRY



                                                                                                                 8GJOURUMOYZYGTJ5ZNKX
                                                                                                                 3KJOIGR6XULKYYOUTGRY




     II. FINANCIAL REVIEW
          Overview

          The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial
          information and the notes included elsewhere in this interim report.

          During the Reporting Period, the overall business of the Group achieved stable
          development, with recorded revenue of approximately RMB413.7 million, adjusted net
          profit of approximately RMB35.9 million.




12   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


Revenue

During the Reporting Period, we generated revenue primarily from three business lines,
namely: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services and (iii) Rimag Cloud
services. The following table sets forth the components of our revenue for the periods
indicated:

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

Imaging center services                        Satisfaction of
                                                performance
                                                    obligation
– Flagship imaging centers                      Point in time            60,424            73,607
– Regional collaborative imaging centers        Point in time           182,677           184,654
– Specialized medical consortium
     imaging centers                                 Overtime             53,995            59,191
– Operational management imaging centers             Overtime             21,857            21,573

                                                                        318,953           339,025

Imaging solution services
– Imaging equipment solutions                    Point in time            84,552          186,464
– Equipment maintenance services                    Overtime                 628                –

                                                                          85,180          186,464

Rimag Cloud services
– Cloud platform services                           Overtime               5,580             4,290
– Sales of software                              Point in time             4,000                 –

                                                                           9,580             4,290

                                                                        413,713           529,779


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB413.7 million,
representing (i) a year-on-year decrease of 21.9% as compared to approximately
RMB529.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023; and (ii) a period-to-period
increase of RMB14.6 million or 3.7% against the trend, as compared to the second half
of 2023.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            The decline in the Group’s overall revenue was mainly due to the slowdown of
            procurement demand from medical institutions which resulted in the decline in
            revenue from imaging solution services. However, the revenue from the Group’s core
            imaging center services remained relatively stable, and we maintained solid business
            fundamentals and continued to expand the development of new projects, even in the
            face of the impact of macro-economic slowdown and the tight regulatory environment
            of the healthcare industry. We believe that the overall demand for imaging services
            in the industry as a whole remains relatively stable, especially in the context of the
            country’s proposal to develop the “Thousand Counties Project (千縣工程)” and to update
            the equipment of primary medical institutions, as well as to encourage the equipment
            update of primary medical institutions. Services like imaging center services and imaging
            solution services can be good solution for primary medical institutions to complete the
            target of improving equipment and facilities as well as the needs to solidly enhance their
            imaging service capabilities.

            Cost of Sales

            During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales primarily consisted of trading medical
            equipment, employee benefit expenses and depreciation of property, plant and
            equipment. The Group’s cost of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was
            approximately RMB254.1 million, representing a decrease of 25.5% as compared to
            approximately RMB341.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease
            was primarily attributable to the drop in the trading medical equipment due to the
            decreased volume of sales orders of imaging solution services.

            Gross Profit and Gross Margin

            Gross profit represents our revenue less our cost of sales. As a result of the
            aforementioned factors, the gross profit of the Group decreased by 15.3% from
            approximately RMB188.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to
            approximately RMB159.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease
            was primarily caused by the drop in the volume of examinations conducted by our
            imaging centers resulted from the slowdown of macro-economy and changes in market
            environment. Comparing to the second half of 2023, our gross profit increased by
            RMB15.7 million during the Reporting Period, due to the period-to-period increase of
            revenue from imaging center services.




14   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Gross margin represents our gross profit as a percentage of our revenue. The gross
margin of the Group increased from 35.6% for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to
36.1% for the second half of 2023, and further increased to 38.6% for the six months
ended June 30, 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased revenue
contribution of imaging center services as well as the continued enhancement in cost
control to improve the overall economic efficiency.

Selling Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our selling expenses primarily consisted of employee
benefit expenses and marketing fees. The Group’s selling expenses for the six months
ended June 30, 2024 was approximately RMB33.0 million, representing a decrease of
4.3% as compared to approximately RMB34.5 million for the six months ended June 30,
2023. The decrease was mainly due to the reduced offline marketing activities resulting
in decreased marketing fees.

Administrative Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses primarily consisted of
employee benefit expenses, listing expenses, depreciation of right-of-use assets,
traveling expenses, office expenses and entertainment fees. The Group’s administrative
expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was approximately RMB111.1 million,
representing an increase of 37.0% as compared to approximately RMB81.1 million for
the six months ended June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to the
increased listing expenses as the Global Offering proceeded to the mid-to-late stage
during the Reporting Period.

Research and Development Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our research and development expenses primarily consisted
of employee benefit expenses, depreciation and amortization, and traveling expenses.
The Group’s R&D expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2024 was approximately
RMB5.7 million, representing a decrease of 3.4% as compared to approximately RMB5.9
million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly attributable to
the cost control of R&D personnel’s travelling expenses.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Finance Income and Costs

            During the Reporting Period, our finance income represents interest income on bank
            deposits. Finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on bank borrowings;
            (ii) finance expenses on lease liabilities; and (iii) interest expenses on other borrowings.
            The following table sets forth a breakdown of our finance income and costs for the
            periods indicated:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000

            Finance income:
            – Interest income from bank deposits                              1,143              1,970

            Finance costs:
            – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                            (2,381)           (2,659)
            – Interest expenses on other borrowings                           (4,572)           (6,298)
            – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                           (4,116)           (3,997)

                                                                            (11,069)           (12,954)
            Amount capitalized                                                   20                326

            Total finance costs                                             (11,049)           (12,628)

            Finance costs – net                                               (9,906)          (10,658)


            Our net finance costs for the six months ended June 30, 2024 were approximately
            RMB9.9 million, representing a decrease of 7.5% as compared to approximately
            RMB10.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. The decrease in net finance
            costs was primarily attributable to the decrease in the weighted average balance of bank
            borrowings and finance leases.

            Income Tax Expense

            During the Reporting Period, our income tax expense was RMB3.4 million. Our income
            tax expense in respect of our operations in the PRC was subject to the statutory tax
            rate of 25% or preferential tax rate on the assessable profits for the six months ended
            June 30, 2024, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect
            thereof.




16   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Profit for the period

As a result of the foregoing, our profit for the period decreased by 97.9% from
approximately RMB47.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 to approximately
RMB1.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was mainly
because (i) the slowdown of macro-economy and change in market conditions caused
adverse impact and (ii) our H Shares were successfully listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange on June 7, 2024, resulting in listing related expenses.

Comparing to the second half of 2023, our profit for the period increased by RMB11.7
million during the Reporting Period, representing a period-to-period increase of 109%,
which maintained the trend of continuously improving overall profitability.

Non-IFRS Measures

                                                 For the six months
                                                  ended June 30,
                                                   2024              2023            Year-on-
                                             (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)               year
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000              change

Non-IFRS Measures:
EBITDA                                            114,132           155,321            -26.5%
Adjusted EBITDA                                   149,058           167,309            -10.9%
Adjusted net profit                                35,888            59,280            -39.5%


To supplement our consolidated statement of profit which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, we also use EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS
measure) and adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure), which are not required by, or
presented in accordance with, IFRS.

We believe that these measures provide useful information to investors and others in
understanding and evaluating our condensed consolidated interim income statement in
the same manner as they help our management. However, our presentation of EBITDA
(non-IFRS measure), adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) and adjusted net profit
(non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other companies. The use of these non-IFRS measures has limitations as an analytical
tool and, as such, they should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitute for
analysis of, our consolidated statements of comprehensive income or financial condition
as reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS measures may be defined differently
from similar terms used by other companies.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            There are two components to the adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) metric: (1)
            EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), which we define as profit before income tax plus finance
            costs, depreciation of property, plant and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use
            assets and amortization of intangible assets, less finance income; and (2) adjustments
            to EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), which include items of share-based payments expenses
            and listing expenses. These reconciling items are non-cash items and do not result in
            cash outflow. We exclude listing expenses, as they arose from activities relating to the
            Global Offering.

            The following table reconciles our EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) and adjusted EBITDA
            (non-IFRS measure) in accordance with IFRS, our profit before income tax, for the
            periods indicated:

                                                                        For the six months
                                                                         ended June 30,
                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

            Profit before income tax                                       4,374           55,147
            Add: Finance costs                                            11,049           12,628
            Add: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            79,424           73,543
            Add: Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      18,496           14,853
            Add: Amortization of intangible assets                         1,932            1,120
            Less: Finance income                                          (1,143)          (1,970)
            EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                                    114,132          155,321
            Add: Share-based payments expenses                               472            1,501
            Add: Listing expenses                                         34,454           10,487
            Adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                           149,058          167,309




18   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


We define adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure) as profit for the period adjusted for
items of share-based payments expenses and listing expenses. We adjusted these
items for the same reasons as stated in the discussion of adjustments to EBITDA (non-
IFRS measure) above. The following table reconciles our adjusted net profit (non-IFRS
measure) in accordance with IFRS, our profit for the period, for the periods indicated:

                                                                 For the six months
                                                                   ended June 30,
                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                            (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000

Profit for the period                                                 962                47,292
Add: Share-based payments expenses                                    472                 1,501
Add: Listing expenses                                              34,454                10,487
Adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measure)                             35,888                59,280


Our adjusted net profit for the Reporting Period reached approximately RMB35.9 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 39.5% as compared to approximately RMB59.3
million for the six months ended June 30, 2023.

In terms of the Group’s adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net profit, there was certain
decline during the Reporting Period as compared to the six months ended June 30,
2023. Such decline was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the overall revenue
(especially the decrease in the revenue from the imaging solution services). However,
there was significant period-to-period increase as compared to the second half of 2023,
which reflected that the Group as a whole is still in a trend of stable improvement in
respect of its profitability.

Capital Management

We monitors capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing the capital
structure. Our objectives when managing capital are to safeguard our ability to continue
as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the costs of capital.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Liquidity and Capital Resources

            During the Reporting Period, we funded our working capital primarily from net cash
            generated from operating activities, bank borrowings, finance leases and equity
            financing. Our net cash generated from operating activities mainly consists of profit
            before income tax adjusted for (i) non-cash items, such as net finance costs, depreciation
            of property, plant and equipment and depreciation of right-of-use assets; (ii) the effects
            of changes in working capital, such as contract liabilities, trade payables, other payables
            and accruals, trade receivables and other receivables and prepayments; and (iii) the
            effects of interest received and income tax paid.

            We had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB188.8 and RMB305.5 million
            as at December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in our cash
            and cash equivalents primarily reflected the proceeds from the Global Offering received
            during the Reporting Period.

            We recorded net cash generated from operating activities of approximately RMB97.4
            million and RMB34.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and 2024,
            respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the reduced recovery of receivables from
            imaging center services and imaging solution services.

            Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

            As at June 30, 2024, the aggregate balance of our borrowings was approximately
            RMB265.4 million (approximately RMB210.0 million as at December 31, 2023), which
            were all made in RMB, and approximately RMB161.9 million of them were at fixed
            interest rates. As at June 30, 2024, all of our borrowings had been fully drawdown, and
            there was no unutilized loan facilities from banks or financial leasing companies.

            The gearing ratio (calculated based on total borrowings divided by total equity and
            multiplied by 100%) of the Group as at June 30, 2024 was 17.0%, representing an
            increase of 1.3% as compared to 15.7% as at December 31, 2023. The increase was
            primarily attributable to the increased finance lease and bank borrowings corresponding
            to the newly developed imaging center projects.

            Net Current Assets

            Our net current assets, as at June 30, 2024 were approximately RMB448.1 million,
            representing an increase of 47.3% as compared to approximately RMB304.3 million as at
            December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to proceeds raised from the
            Global Offering and the increase in trade receivables.




20   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Currency Risk

We are engaged in the provision of medical imaging services through the establishment
of medical imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging
solution services and Rimag Cloud services in the PRC with almost all the transactions
denominated and settled in RMB, which is the functional currency of the group
companies. Therefore, our foreign exchange risk is limited. We currently do not have
a foreign currency hedging policy, and manages its foreign currency risk by closely
monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates. As at June 30, 2024, we had no
material foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Therefore, we did not have
any significant foreign exchange risk.

Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals/Future Plans in relation
to Significant Investments or Capital Assets

As at June 30, 2024, we did not have any significant investments, material acquisitions
and disposals or any future plans in relation to significant investments or capital assets.
Each of the investments held by us as a percentage of the Group’s total assets as at
June 30, 2024 did not amount to 5% or more.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

Since the Listing Date and up to June 30, 2024, we did not have material acquisitions or
disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

Capital Expenditure

During the Reporting Period, our total capital expenditure amounted to approximately
RMB180.3 million, which was incurred mainly for the purchase of equipment and
intangible assets such as software.

Pledge of Assets

As at June 30, 2024, we had pledged machineries, cash at banks, trade receivable and
equity of our subsidiaries in aggregate of approximately RMB607.6 million.

Contingent Liabilities

As at June 30, 2024, we did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantee, legal,
arbitration or administrative proceedings that were expected to materially and adversely
affect our financial condition or results of operations.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Employees and Remuneration Policies

            As at June 30, 2024, we had 1,667 employees and medical professionals. During the
            Reporting Period, our employee benefit expenses amounted to approximately RMB100.5
            million (six months ended June 30, 2023: approximately RMB93.4 million).

            We are committed to establishing competitive and fair remuneration. In order to
            effectively motivate our employees, we continually refine our remuneration and incentive
            policies through market research. We conduct performance evaluation of our employees
            semiannually to provide feedback on their performance. Compensation for our employees
            typically consists of basic salary and a performance-based bonus. We provide social
            insurance plans and housing provident funds in accordance with applicable PRC laws
            and regulations to our employees. We pay great attention to our employees’ welfare, and
            continually improve our welfare system. We offer employees additional benefits such as
            annual leave, stipend, supplementary medical insurance, annuity, health examinations
            and medical insurance for family members, among other things.


     III.   FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGIES
            Our goal is to become the foremost medical group with a focus on imaging in China and
            worldwide. We aim to establish a dominant medical imaging solution service platform
            that can efficiently integrate resources across the industry value chain and promote a
            thriving entrepreneurial business network. To achieve this, we plan to implement the
            following strategies:

            1.     Further expand our medical imaging center network and enrich the offerings
                   of our imaging solution services to strengthen our industry-leading position

                   We actively develop regional collaborative imaging centers, and intend to
                   strategically prioritize our resource integration and investments in regions with
                   relatively uneven distribution of medical resources. In particular, we choose to
                   establish or acquire regional collaborative imaging centers in regions where we
                   have existing support from government policies and business partners and the
                   potential of which has not yet been fully exploited. At the same time, we can adopt
                   various investment and cooperation strategies during the investment process, such
                   as joint venture with local state-owned platforms to build regional collaborative
                   imaging centers and provide medical imaging examination and diagnostic services
                   and image operation and management services in the region, so as to realize
                   the sharing of medical imaging equipment, sharing of medical imaging doctors,
                   and exchange of medical imaging data in the region, which is conducive to the
                   realization of the improvement of the level of the local medical imaging diagnostic
                   capacities without any governmental investment and the benefit of the people.




22   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


     We are actively implementing the national development policy of hierarchical
     diagnosis and treatment and strengthening the primary level. We plan to further
     develop specialized medical consortium imaging centers and operational
     management imaging centers to realize the extension and penetration of our
     imaging service capabilities. The approach is for us to further develop specialized
     medical consortium imaging centers and operational management imaging centers
     in the regions where we have already invested in imaging centers, so as to further
     extend and expand our medical imaging service capabilities in these regions and
     to increase market penetration and achieve market expansion.

     Meanwhile, based on our existing layout of the flagship imaging centers, we plan
     to establish or acquire more flagship imaging centers in high-tier cities with large
     populations, high levels of consumer spending, and highly differentiated demands.

     We also aim to provide diversified medical imaging services, and strategically
     select regions with great potential for development. We intend to provide imaging
     solution services and Rimag Cloud services to potential customers to realize the
     rapid expansion of our business. In addition, we plan to grasp market opportunities
     with such customers and convert them to business partners of operational
     management imaging centers and regional collaborative imaging centers.

     Additionally, in the long run, we plan to enter overseas markets and establish or
     acquire imaging centers in certain countries that are undervalued and have medical
     needs and favorable policies.

2.   Enhance our operation and management strength, and continuously improve
     our professional level and branding capacities

     We target to continuously enhance our operation and management strength
     through the improvement of professionalism, mechanism, and management
     capability, to achieve the enhancement of “imaging services capacity” in the
     whole imaging process of “radiologists, radiologic technologists, managers and
     clinicians”.

     We will focus on specialized diseases, utilize the role of medical imaging in the
     field of disease targeting, and use imaging as a link to help public hospitals
     which have purchased our medical imaging services build and create specialized
     outpatient clinics and explore unique technologies, so as to better serve the needs
     of patients at the local level, such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular specialty
     clinics and epilepsy specialty clinics.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                   We will promote imaging-enabled disease prevention, utilize the value of medical
                   imaging in health management and early screening prevention, such as utilizing
                   the value of imaging in the “prevention of sudden death, early screening of tumors,
                   Alzheimer’s disease, cardiovascular health and etc.”, which is conducive to the
                   improvement of national health and good quality of life. Through the Company’s
                   investment in the incubation of Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (漢吉
                   健康管理(上海)有限公司), a company focusing on health management and physical
                   examination, we will achieve the value input to the health check field of public
                   hospitals, and realize a win-win development.

                   We will promote the operational mentorship system. The mentorship system can
                   deeply implement the Group’s operational philosophy, promote the transmission
                   of operational concepts and experience to new imaging centers, and ensure that
                   new imaging centers can quickly learn and apply the Group’s best operational
                   practices, thereby generally enhancing the operation and management capabilities
                   within our system.

                   We will further optimize operation SOPs, formulate and improve different SOP
                   requirements according to different business types and natures, match the
                   reasonable allocation of approval personnel, and improve the accuracy of
                   approval at various nodes; optimize the system operation page, improve the user’s
                   operational convenience, and make it convenient for managers to check the status
                   of the project.

            3.     Continually invest in R&D to reinforce our Rimag Cloud service capabilities
                   and further support the rapid and effective business expansion of our medical
                   imaging centers and imaging solution services

                   As an essential tool that supports our operation and management of imaging
                   centers and imaging solution services, the Rimag Cloud platform is also expected
                   to be one of our future revenue growth drivers. We intend to continually invest in
                   R&D, either through strengthening our in-house capabilities or cooperation with
                   third parties. We expect to recruit personnel with rich experience in fields such
                   as data analytics and information systems so as to develop platform products for
                   the key participants in the medical imaging services industry, enrich our current
                   cloud-based product portfolio, and continuously expand our service capabilities
                   and offerings. In particular, we intend to increase our investment in the following
                   aspects:




24   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


We will actively explore the value of data services and data assets, focus on data
asset management, and do a good job in the construction of data application
platforms such as standardization of inspection items, image master data
management, and refined quality control. We plan to continuously enhance our
capabilities in data standardization. We intend to keep standardizing our existing
medical imaging data to increase their value. Through data accumulation, we
expect to form our data-driven competitiveness, for purposes of laying the
foundation for subsequent workflow standardization, big data analysis and
application, and cooperation with medical imaging AI service providers;

We will enhance the R&D capability around the application of the whole process
of imaging services to ensure the efficient operation and empowerment of the
imaging center. We plan to continually invest in management systems facilitating
the operation of imaging centers, such as smart SOP systems, refined operational
management systems, and whole process quality control systems;

We intend to continually invest in application platforms such as health management
service platforms and remote consultation platforms that serve to enhance
customer experience, broaden service settings, and diversify profit scenarios and
models by leveraging leading technology advancements such as those in AI and
deep learning; and

We plan to collaborate with third parties to formulate knowledge pool and
knowledge graphs relating to medical imaging and clinical diseases. Moreover,
through the continual development of our AI tools based on natural language
processing and knowledge graphs, we plan to extend the application of AI
technology to patient consultation, diagnostic imaging, quality control, business
data analysis and other processes. For example, we intend to utilize AI technology
to provide patients with smart consultation, medical guidance and report
interpretation services.

We believe that the above-mentioned investments in R&D will help to strengthen
our capabilities in operating and managing imaging centers and providing imaging
solution services. This can further enhance our overall profitability, expand our
business, and increase our brand influence.




                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            4.     Strengthen Rimag Imaging Academy, build an effective long-term talent
                   cultivation system, and continue to nurture and attract skilled medical imaging
                   and managerial talents

                   We expect to continually reinforce talent cultivation at our Rimag Imaging Academy
                   and set up and maintain a talent cultivation system. By providing training and
                   recruiting talented individuals, we aim to strengthen our team’s capabilities to
                   support our expanding business. We plan to continuously focus on the following
                   aspects:

                   We plan to continue investing in and upgrading our existing Radiology Management
                   Business Administration (RMBA) training system, cultivating more versatile
                   professionals with both medical background and business managerial skills. We
                   believe that these trained imaging center management personnel will become the
                   cornerstone of our business development;

                   We expect to create a talent development path that integrates operations and
                   market development, selecting individuals with experience in operating imaging
                   centers to engage in market development work. We believe that this approach will
                   be more conducive to the development of value-based investments; and

                   We intend to continue collaborating with universities to jointly build medical
                   imaging bootcamps, and set up specialized talent cultivation programs, thereby
                   providing a long-term and stable talent pool for our business development.

                   By continual nurturing of various types of talents, setting up clear promotion career
                   paths and competitive incentive mechanisms to clarify their career development
                   path and motivate them, and strengthening employees’ sense of belonging, we aim
                   to provide strong support to the rapid expansion of imaging centers, professional
                   quality assurance, and improvement in operational capabilities and operational
                   performance.




26   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Enhance strategic cooperation with industry upstream and downstream
     stakeholders to continuously enhance our capabilities to integrate the medical
     imaging industry and coordinate an business network

     We plan to intensify our strategic partnerships with upstream and downstream
     companies, including equipment providers, equipment maintenance companies,
     medical imaging AI service providers, and industry associations, so as to enhance
     our capabilities to coordinate a business network and integrate resources along
     the industry value chain. This is expected to further help us improve operational
     capabilities and efficiency, and solidify our industry position.

     Equipment providers. We plan to deepen our collaboration with equipment
     providers to utilize our experience and knowledge in equipment usage, convert
     it into our intellectual property, and cooperate with manufacturers to produce
     customized equipment.

     Equipment maintenance companies. Based on our imaging center business
     across the country, and the large amount of equipment covering wide geographical
     regions varied by type and brand, we plan to form strategic cooperations with
     equipment maintenance companies, to formulate a maintenance system that can
     match our medical imaging center network and continually reduce our costs.

     Medical imaging AI service providers. We plan to attract more medical imaging
     AI service providers to integrate their products into our AI integration platform,
     thereby enriching our AI offerings and enhancing our service capabilities.
     Furthermore, we plan to use our professional resources to collaborate with AI
     service providers to incorporate AI algorithms into doctors’ daily medical practice
     to meet their demands while also helping such algorithms to learn and evolve by
     themselves.

     Industry associations. We intend to strengthen our multidimensional professional
     capabilities by partnering with industry associations in fields including talent
     development, medical imaging professional capacity assessment, operation and
     management systems, and medical imaging data standards.

     We are also actively monitoring acquisition or investment opportunities related to
     medical imaging services to continuously expand our service coverage, improve
     our service capabilities, and broaden our service scope.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                   We are interested in the following opportunities:

                   •      Investing in or incubating health management companies to build a medical
                          imaging service platform for commercial clients and individual customers,
                          enriching our products and services and expanding our business outreach.

                   •      Investing in or incubating companies that complement our existing business
                          in areas of cloud services, AI, and big data applications.

                   •      Investing in or incubating companies with advanced technology or R&D
                          capabilities in medical imaging software, hardware or service development
                          for commercialization.

                   Support of Favorable Government Policies
                   In recent years, China has issued a series of favorable policies aiming at deepening
                   the reform of the medical and healthcare system, optimizing medical services and
                   promoting the healthy development of the medical industry, from the “Opinions
                   of the State Council on Promoting the Development of the Healthcare Service
                   Industry (《國務院關於促進健康服務業發展的若干意見》                        )” in 2013 to the “Basic
                   Standards and Management Norms for Medical Image Diagnostic Centers (for
                   Trial Implementation) (
                                         《醫學影像診斷中心基本標準和管理規範(試行)》                        )” issued by the
                   National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2016, which formally clarified
                   the status of third-party diagnostic imaging centers as “independent legal persons”
                   throughout the country. In the past ten years, the policy has been centered on the
                   reform and innovation of “strengthening the grassroots, hierarchical diagnosis and
                   treatment, close medical consortium (sharing mechanism) and mutual recognition
                   of results (強基層、分級診療、緊密醫聯體(共享機制)及結果互認)”. The business
                   development model of our Group is highly integrated with the development
                   strategy of the country and the general policy of medical and healthcare system
                   reform, which provides a good opportunity for the high-speed and high-quality
                   development of our Group.




28   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


Throughout the first half of 2024, from the Notice on Further Improving the
Mechanism to Promote the Sinking of Urban Medical Resources to County
Hospitals and Urban and Rural Grassroots Levels (      《關於進一步健全機制推動城
市醫療資源向縣級醫院和城鄉基層下沉的通知》                      ) issued by the National Healthcare
Commission on June 3, 2024 to, one month later, the Decision of the Central
Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Comprehensively
Deepening Reforms and Promoting Chinese-Style Modernization (         《中共中央關
於進一步全面深化改革、推進中國式現代化的決定》                         ) passed by the Third Plenary
Session of the Twentieth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on
July 8, 2024, the relevant policies have successively mentioned promoting the
expansion and downward penetration and balanced distribution of high-quality
medical resources, accelerating the construction of a hierarchical diagnosis and
treatment system, promoting the construction of close-knit medical consortiums,
strengthening primary medical and healthcare services, improving the management
level of county hospitals, upgrading the service capacity of county hospitals,
speeding up the cultivation of a professional talent echelon as well as promoting
resource sinking. Focusing on the core of “medical imaging service”, we focus on
solving the different needs of “resources, specialty, management, informatization
and intelligence” required for the development of medical imaging in China.
Through the synergy of the three key business segments, we have extended
our business network from first- and second-tier cities to county-level divisions,
actively practiced the government’s healthcare reform policy, provided high-quality
diagnostic imaging services for primary healthcare institutions, and effectively
enhanced the capacity of primary healthcare services.

We have (i) flagship imaging centers; (ii) regional collaborative imaging centers,
the concept of which being the most representative model of our imaging centers,
which is established in accordance with the “Basic Standards for Medical Imaging
Diagnostic Centers (Trial Implementation) (    《醫學影像診斷中心基本標準(試行)》                  )”
issued by the National Health and Family Planning Commission in 2016, with the
qualification of independent legal person. Such regional collaborative imaging
center integrates professional imaging centers in the relevant region through
the distributed placement of imaging equipments, multi-disciplinary practice of
doctors, to integrate professional imaging resources in the relevant region and
realize the sharing of data, equipment and professionals. Through resource sharing,
equipment sharing, talent sharing and data sharing, we realized effective allocation
of resources and promoted the implementation of the national hierarchical
diagnosis and treatment system. At the same time, by entering the clinic, serving
the clinic and leading the clinic, we promoted the interaction between, and the
spiral development of, the clinic and the imaging, so as to lead to the overall
high-quality development of the medical institutions, relieve the worries of the




                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                   government, promote the development of the hospitals and benefit the people
                   At the same time, through (iii) specialized medical consortium imaging centers;
                   and (iv) operational management imaging centers, the imaging capabilities will be
                   transmitted downward to the primary level, covering and extending to areas with
                   insufficient primary level medical imaging resources, and ultimately realize the “one
                   network structure of medical imaging in China” of specialized medical consortiums
                   and medical communities.

                   On the basis of the imaging center services, we continue to adhere to the output
                   of the four core imaging capabilities (management capability, informatization
                   and intelligence capability, design and construction capability and the imaging
                   professional capacity made by equipment capability, technician operation
                   capability, diagnostic capability of imaging doctors, and cognitive capability of
                   clinicians), which comprehensively affects the center’s and even the hospital’s
                   professional development and level of efficiency, further expands the output of
                   the “professional capability of medical imaging services” that grows out of the
                   self-owned and self-operated imaging centers, and rapidly expands the scope of
                   influence of our imaging capabilities in the form of imaging solution services.

                   With heavy assets and light assets, we have keenly laid out our digital and
                   intellectual strengths into the whole process of medical imaging services, using
                   data to drive entity operation and service product innovation. Responding to the
                   policy call for “digitalization + intelligence”, in addition to the use of the Internet
                   characteristics of the upper advantage of medical imaging medical resources and
                   services, we continue to take root at the grassroots level to convey the ability to
                   nutrients, but also disassembled the chain of imaging examination link, empowers
                   the roots of the tree through AI to each clinician, imaging technicians and
                   managers. The power of data is used to drive the operation of centers at all levels
                   and the product innovation.

                   Closely adhering to the national policy, we will actively grasp the elements of new
                   productivity, and through technology innovation, utilize artificial intelligence and
                   other cutting-edge technologies to continuously improve the ability of medical
                   imaging examination and diagnosis. At the same time, through continuous
                   innovation of business model, we actively participate in the deepening of the
                   reform of state-owned enterprises, and synergize in capital, industrial chain,
                   common supply chain and scientific and technological innovation. We believe that
                   this will lay a solid foundation for the sustainable development of our Group and
                   will usher in greater development.




30   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                           Corporate Governance and Other Information

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
Since the Listing Date and up to June 30, 2024, none of the members of the Group has
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury
Shares). As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any treasury Shares.


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The Company completed the Global Offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares at
HK$14.98 per H Share on June 7, 2024. The net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted
to approximately HK$183.48 million. The net proceeds from the Global Offering in accordance
have been and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the
section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, as follows:

                                                            Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                           Actual        Utilized     Unutilized   Expected
                                       Approximately      amount     amount as       amount as     timeline for
                                       % of total net      of net    of June 30,     of June 30,   unutilized
Intended utilization                       proceeds     proceeds            2024           2024    amount

For expanding our medical imaging             50.0%        91.73           26.70           65.03 To be utilized
  center network                                                                                   by December
                                                                                                   31, 2025

For pursuing strategic cooperation            20.0%        36.70            8.62           28.08 To be utilized
  and mergers and acquisitions                                                                     by December
  in the medical imaging field and                                                                 31, 2025
  seeking strategic partnerships and
  investment opportunities along the
  medical imaging services industry
  chain

For extending our business to                 20.0%        36.70            2.15           34.55 To be utilized
  overseas countries and regions                                                                   by December
  which (i) are relatively lacking                                                                 31, 2025
  in medical resources, such as
  Southeast Asia, and (ii) have high
  per capital disposable income and
  great growth potential for medical
  imaging services, such as the
  Middle East




                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   31
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                     Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                    Actual       Utilized     Unutilized   Expected
                                         Approximately             amount    amount as       amount as     timeline for
                                         % of total net             of net   of June 30,     of June 30,   unutilized
     Intended utilization                    proceeds            proceeds           2024           2024    amount

     Working capital and general                 10.0%              18.35              0            18.35 To be utilized
      corporate uses                                                                                        by December
                                                                                                            31, 2025


     Total                                        100%             183.48          37.48           146.00 To be utilized
                                                                                                            by December
                                                                                                            31, 2025


     It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
     2025. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
     view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
     conditions.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company recognises the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the
     management of the Company as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as a
     whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance practices based on the principles
     and code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code and has complied with all
     applicable code provisions since the Listing Date and up to June 30, 2024.


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS
     AND SUPERVISORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding dealings in
     the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Supervisors who, because of his/her
     office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Group or the
     Company’s securities.




32   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                  Corporate Governance and Other Information


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that they have complied with
the Model Code since the Listing Date and up to June 30, 2024. In addition, the Company is
not aware of any non-compliance with the Model Code by the members of senior management
of the Company since the Listing Date and up to June 30, 2024.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There is no material subsequent events after the Reporting Period and up to the date of the
Interim Results Announcement.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
The Audit Committee consists of three members, including two independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝) and Mr. YUAN Jun (袁駿), and one non-executive
Director, namely Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林). The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. WU
Xiaohui (吳曉輝) who holds the appropriate qualification as required under Rules 3.10(2) and
3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial
information of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2024 with the management of
the Company. The Audit Committee considered that the interim results are in compliance
with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made
appropriate disclosures thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect
to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with
senior management of the Company.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting
Period.


CHANGE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT MEMBERS
Since the date of the Prospectus and up to the date of the Interim Results Announcement,
there was no change to information which was required to be disclosed by Directors,
Supervisors and senior management members pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   33
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR
     DEBENTURES
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective
     spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or had exercised
     any such rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the
     Company. No member of the Group was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors,
     Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire
     such rights from any other body corporates.

     During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company did not grant any rights to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors
     or Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under 18, and none of them has
     exercised such rights.


     DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at June 30, 2024, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
     executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
     and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required
     (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
     and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executive(s) of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such
     provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:




34   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                Corporate Governance and Other Information


(a)   Interest in Shares

                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                              percentage Approximate
                                                                                                   of the percentage
                                                                                   Number        relevant        of the
                          Position in the        Nature of                      and type of       type of total issued
      Name                Company                interest                     Shares held(1)     Shares(1)    Shares(1)
                                                                                                       (%)           (%)

      CHEN Zhaoyang       Executive Director     Interest in controlled           18,213,291         9.21          5.11
       (陳朝陽)(2)             and Chief              corporation                   H Shares (L)
                            Executive Officer    Interest in controlled           40,875,297        25.79         11.47
                                                   corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)

      Notes:


      (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 356,311,832 Shares (comprising
               158,495,832 Unlisted Shares and 197,816,000 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2024.


      (2)      As of June 30, 2024, Nanchang Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly held
               59,088,588 Shares (comprising 18,213,291 H Shares and 40,875,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general
               partner is CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 59,088,588 Shares
               held by Nanchang Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


      (L)      Long position.




                                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   35
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     (b)    Interest in Associated Corporations

                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                 Registered      of the total
                                                                                 capital          registered
                                                                                 held in the   capital of the
                            Position in the      Associated      Nature of       associated      associated
            Name            Company              corporation     Interest        corporation    corporation
                                                                                                          (%)

            XU Ke (徐克)      Chairman of the    Liaoning Rimag    Beneficial owner RMB500,000             5%
                             Board and           Medical Imaging
                             Executive Director Diagnosis Center
                                                 Co., Ltd. (遼寧一脈
                                                 陽光醫學影像診斷
                                                 中心有限公司)(1)

            Note:


            (1)     As at June 30, 2024, Liaoning Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd (遼寧一脈陽光醫學影像
                    診斷中心有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, had a total of RMB10,000,000 registered capital.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, to the best of the Company’s knowledge,
     information and belief, none of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company
     had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares
     or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) to be entered in
     the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as
     otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code.




36   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at June 30, 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors or chief executives of the
Company, the interests or short positions of the following persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) in the Shares, underlying Shares of the
Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions
which any such persons other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were
required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section
336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                        Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage      percentage
                                                                                                               of the         of total
                                                                                  Number and type       relevant type          issued
Name of Shareholder                          Nature of Interest                    of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                                  (%)             (%)

Nanchang Rimag(2)                            Beneficial Interest                          18,213,291             9.21            5.11
                                                                                         H Shares (L)
                                                                                          40,875,297            25.79           11.47
                                                                                  Unlisted Shares (L)
Beijing Goldman Sachs Consulting Co., Ltd.   Beneficial interest                          30,882,270            15.61            8.67
  (北京高盛顧問有限公司)(3)                                                                        H Shares (L)
Goldman Sachs Holding (Mauritius)            Interest in controlled corporation           30,882,270            15.61            8.67
  Limited(3)                                                                             H Shares (L)
Tiger Strategic Investments Ltd.(3)          Interest in controlled corporation           30,882,270            15.61            8.67
                                                                                         H Shares (L)
GS Asian Venture (Delaware) L.L.C.(3)        Interest in controlled corporation           30,882,270            15.61            8.67
                                                                                         H Shares (L)
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC(3)                   Interest in controlled corporation           30,882,270            15.61            8.67
                                                                                         H Shares (L)




                                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024           37
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                                                  Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage      percentage
                                                                                                                         of the         of total
                                                                                            Number and type       relevant type          issued
     Name of Shareholder                               Nature of Interest                    of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                                            (%)             (%)

     Special Situations Investing Group III, Inc.(3)   Interest in controlled corporation          30,882,270             15.61            8.67
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     GSSG Holdings LLC(3)                              Interest in controlled corporation          30,882,270             15.61            8.67
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.(3)                  Interest in controlled corporation          30,882,270             15.61            8.67
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P.            Beneficial Interest                            19,289,403              9.75            5.41
       (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金(有限合夥))                   (4)
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd.       Interest in controlled corporation             19,289,403              9.75            5.41
       (人保資本股權投資有限公司)             (4)
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     PICC Life Insurance Company Limited            Interest in controlled corporation             19,289,403              9.75            5.41
       (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司)               (4)
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited     Interest in controlled corporation             19,289,403              9.75            5.41
       (中國人民財產保險股份有限公司)               (4)
                                                                                                  H Shares (L)
     The People’s Insurance Company (Group)         Interest in controlled corporation             19,289,403              9.75            5.41
       of China Limited                                                                           H Shares (L)
       (中國人民保險集團股份有限公司)(4)
     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Beneficial Interest                                17,647,051            11.13            4.95
       Investment Management Partnership                                                    Unlisted Shares (L)
       (Limited Partnership)
       (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山
       投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(5)
     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone            Interest in controlled corporation              17,647,051            11.13            4.95
       Baiyi Investment Management Partnership                                              Unlisted Shares (L)
       (Limited Partnership)
       (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅
       投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(5)
     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining    Interest in controlled corporation              17,647,051            11.13            4.95
       Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                         Unlisted Shares (L)
       (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥))(5)
     Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司)(5)                    Interest in controlled corporation              17,647,051            11.13            4.95
                                                                                            Unlisted Shares (L)
     China Life Insurance Company Limited              Interest in controlled corporation           17,647,051            11.13            4.95
      (中國人壽保險股份有限公司)(5)                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L)
     Ganjiang New Area Development and                 Beneficial interest                          14,558,319             9.19            4.09
      Investment Group Co., Ltd.                                                            Unlisted Shares (L)
      (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公司)(6)

38   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                                             Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage      percentage
                                                                                                                    of the         of total
                                                                                       Number and type       relevant type          issued
Name of Shareholder                               Nature of Interest                    of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                                       (%)             (%)

Ganjiang New Area Urban Construction            Interest in controlled corporation             14,558,319             9.19            4.09
  Industry Co., Ltd.                                                                   Unlisted Shares (L)
  (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司)(6)
Ganjiang Holdings Group Co., Ltd.               Interest in controlled corporation             14,558,319             9.19            4.09
  (贛江控股集團有限公司)(6)                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd.     Interest in controlled corporation             14,558,319             9.19            4.09
  (江西省投資集團有限公司)(6)                                                                     Unlisted Shares (L)
State-owned Asset Supervision and               Interest in controlled corporation             16,055,834            10.13            4.51
  Administration Commission of Jiangxi Province                                        Unlisted Shares (L)
  (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會)(6)
GU Junjun                                       Beneficial interest                             9,758,849             6.16            2.74
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
WANG Shihe                                        Beneficial interest                           9,755,070             6.15            2.74
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd.      Beneficial interest                           9,317,271             5.88            2.61
  (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司)(7)                                                                    Unlisted Shares (L)
Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd.     Interest in controlled corporation            9,317,271             5.88            2.61
  (浙江金科湯姆貓文化產業股份有限公司)(7)                                                               Unlisted Shares (L)
Suqian JD Yingzheng Enterprise Management         Beneficial interest                           8,175,910             5.16            2.29
  Consulting Co., Ltd.                                                                 Unlisted Shares (L)
  (宿遷京東盈正企業管理諮詢有限公司)(8)
JD Health International Inc.(8)                   Interest in controlled corporation            8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
JD Jiankang Limited(8)                            Interest in controlled corporation            8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
JD.com, Inc.(8)                                   Interest in controlled corporation            8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
Max Smart Limited(8)                              Interest in controlled corporation            8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
Liu Qiangdong Richard (劉強東)(8)                    Beneficiary of a trust                        8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
UBS Trustees (B.V.I) Limited(8)                   Trustee                                       8,175,910             5.16            2.29
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)




                                                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024          39
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     Notes:


     (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 356,311,832 Shares (comprising 158,495,832
              Unlisted Shares and 197,816,000 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2024.


     (2)      As of June 30, 2024, Nanchang Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly held 59,088,588
              Shares (comprising 18,213,291 H Shares and 40,875,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general partner is CHEN
              Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 59,088,588 Shares held by Nanchang Rimag
              for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


     (3)      As of June 30, 2024, Beijing Goldman Sachs Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京高盛顧問有限公司) directly held
              30,882,270 H Shares, which is 100% controlled by Goldman Sachs Holdings (Mauritius) Limited. Goldman
              Sachs Holdings (Mauritius) Limited is 100% controlled by Tiger Strategic Investments Ltd., which is in turn
              92% controlled by GS Asian Venture (Delaware) L.L.C.. GS Asian Venture (Delaware) L.L.C. is 100% controlled
              by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and also 100% controlled by Special Situations Investing Group III, Inc (which is
              in turn 100% controlled by GSSG Holdings LLC). Both Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and GSSG Holdings LLC are
              100% controlled by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc..


     (4)      As of June 30, 2024, PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P. (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金(有限合夥)) directly
              held 19,289,403 H Shares, which is controlled as to 66.47%, 33.23% and 100% by PICC Life Insurance
              Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中國人民財
              產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) (as its general
              partner), respectively. PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) is 100% controlled
              by PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有限公司). Each of PICC Life
              Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中
              國人民財產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有
              限公司) is controlled by The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (中國人民保險集團股份有限
              公司) as to 71.08%, 68.98% and 100%, respectively.


     (5)      As of June 30, 2024, Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment Management Partnership
              (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) directly held 17,647,051 Unlisted
              Shares, which is 79.77% controlled by Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership
              (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) and also 100% controlled by Ningbo
              Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅
              港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership
              (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is in turn 99.98% controlled by China
              Life Insurance Company Limited (中國人壽保險股份有限公司). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi
              Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) is
              in turn 60% controlled by Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司).




40   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information


(6)   As of June 30, 2024, Ganjiang New Area Development and Investment Group Co., Ltd. (贛江新區創新產業
      投資有限公司) directly held 14,558,319 Unlisted Shares. It is 100% controlled by Ganjiang New Area Urban
      Construction Industry Co., Ltd. (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司), which is in turn 100% controlled by Ganjiang
      Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (贛江控股集團有限公司), a company 90% controlled by Jiangxi Province Investment
      Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限公司). Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有
      限公司) is 90% controlled by the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangxi
      Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會). In addition, the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration
      Commission of Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會) is also interested in 1,497,515 Unlisted Shares
      through its 90% controlled Jiangxi Provincial State-owned Enterprise Asset Management (Holding) Co., Ltd. (江
      西省國有資本運營控股集團有限公司).


(7)   As of June 30, 2024, Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd. (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司) directly held
      9,317,271 Unlisted Shares, a company controlled by Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd. (浙江金科湯
      姆貓文化產業股份有限公司).


(8)   As of June 30, 2024, Suqian JD Yingzheng Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (宿遷京東盈正企業管理諮
      詢有限公司) directly held 8,175,910 Unlisted Shares. It is 100% controlled by JD Health International Inc., which is
      in turn 67.40% controlled by JD Jiankang Limited. JD Jiankang Limited is 100% controlled by JD.com, Inc., which
      is in turn 70.50% controlled by Max Smart Limited and Fortune Rising Holdings Limited. Max Smart Limited
      is 100% controlled by Liu Qiangdong Richard (劉強東), in the capacity as a beneficiary of a trust. Max Smart
      Limited is also 100% controlled by UBS Trustees (B.V.I.) Limited, in the capacity as a trustee, through its 100%
      controlled UBS Nominees Limited.


(L)   Long position.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2024, no person (other than the Directors, Supervisor
and chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short
positions in the shares, underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified the Company or
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which
were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
Section 336 of the SFO.)

PRE-IPO EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE SCHEME
The Company has adopted the 2021 Share Incentive Scheme (the “Scheme”) by a resolution
of our Shareholders in November 2021. As of June 30, 2024, 20,000,001 Shares subject to
the Scheme were held by Nanchang Rimag, the employee incentive platform, representing
approximately 5.61% of the aggregate amount of the Shares in issue. The Scheme is not
subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as all the award granted pursuant
to the Scheme have been vested and no new option or awards will be granted by our Company
under the Scheme after the Listing.




                                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024     41
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Scheme:

     1.     Summary of terms

            (a)    Purposes of the Scheme
                   The purposes of the Scheme are to recognize the contributions of and retain our
                   key employees and motivate them to further promote the development of the
                   Group.

            (b)    Awards
                   An award under the Scheme (the “Award(s)”) gives a participant in the Scheme a
                   conditional right when granted the Award to obtain interests in Nanchang Rimag,
                   as determined by the administrative office of the Board (董事會辦公室) (the “Board
                   Office”) and approved by the shareholders.

            (c)    Number of Underlying Shares Subject to the Scheme
                   The number of Shares held by Nanchang Rimag under the Scheme is 20,000,001
                   Shares.

            (d)    Participants
                   Participants of the Scheme (the “Participants”) are selected by the Board Office
                   from the senior- and middle-level management, core employees and other
                   employees who are deemed to have influence on the business performance and
                   future development of the Company and should be subject to the Scheme of the
                   Group.

            (e)    Term of the Scheme
                   The provisions of the Scheme shall in all aspects remain in full force and effect
                   from the date of granting the Awards until the date of full exercise of all the Awards
                   under the Scheme.

                   All the Awards granted to the Participants under the Scheme shall continue to be
                   held by Nanchang Rimag and become vested in the Participants according to the
                   conditions under the Scheme.

            (f)    Grant and Acceptance of Award
                   On and subject to the limitations and conditions of the Scheme, the list of
                   Participants, the number of Awards to be granted, the grant price and the lock-up
                   period shall be determined by the Board Office and subject to the approval of the
                   Shareholders and the number of Awards to be granted may differ among selected
                   Participants.




42   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                               Corporate Governance and Other Information


      After the Board Office has decided to make a grant of Awards to any Participant,
      the Participant and the Company shall enter into a share incentive agreement,
      which set out the number of Awards so granted and the conditions (if any) upon
      which such Awards were granted and the lock-up period.

(g)   Rights Attached to the Awards
      A Participant shall have right to receive dividend in the Awards after the date on
      which such Awards are granted and prior to the date on which such Awards are
      vested.

(h)   Awards to Be Personal to the Participants
      Prior to the date of vesting of the Awards to the Participant, any Award made
      under the Scheme shall be personal to the Participant to whom it is made and
      shall not be assignable and no Participant shall in any way sell, transfer, charge,
      mortgage, encumber or create any interest in favor of any other person over or in
      relation to the Awards referable to him pursuant to such Award.

(i)   Repurchase of Award
      Any unvested Awards shall be unconditionally repurchased by the Company or
      an entity the Board Office designated (the “Designated Person”) where (i) such
      Participant’s employment or service with the Group is changed or terminated due
      to his/her incompetency, violation of moral codes or laws, breach of confidentiality
      obligation, dereliction of duty or malfeasance or material violation of protocols
      of the Company; or (ii) such Participant’s employment or service with the Group
      is terminated due to his voluntary resignation, dismissal, laid-off, termination of
      employment relationship.

      If the Participant’s employment or service with the Group is terminated by reason
      of death or disability, in terms of any unvested Awards, (i) in the event of work
      injuries, the Awards will be vested immediately to the Participant pursuant to the
      Scheme; (ii) in the event of non-work injuries, the Awards will be vested partially
      based on the Participant’s contribution to the Group as determined by the Board
      Office, and the rest of the Awards will be repurchased by the Designated Person;
      (iii) in the event of death, the Awards will be vested immediately to the legal heir of
      the Participants pursuant to the Scheme.

(j)   Takeovers and Mergers and Demerger
      Any event of change in control or merger, or demerger will not affect the
      implementation of the Scheme.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   43
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


            (k)    Amendment of the Scheme
                   The Scheme may be amended in any respect as determined by the Board Office,
                   subject to the condition that such amendment shall not accelerate the expiration
                   date of the lock-up period or lower the grant price of the Awards.

            (l)    Administration of the Scheme
                   The Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board Office in
                   accordance with the rules of the Scheme, including the power to amend,
                   implement and construe and interpret the rules of the Scheme and the terms of the
                   Awards granted under it.

            (m)    Termination of the Scheme
                   The Scheme will terminate on the date of full release of all the restricted shares
                   under the Scheme.

     2.     Incentive Shares Granted

            All Shares underlying the Awards (i.e. 20,000,001 Shares) were transferred to Nanchang
            Rimag in August 2022. As at June 30, 2024, all Awards pursuant to the Scheme had
            been granted and vested to 20 Participants.




44   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
            Condensed Consolidated Interim Income Statement
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                             Note             2024              2023
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                        6             413,713           529,779
Cost of sales                                                               (254,054)         (341,148)

Gross profit                                                                 159,659          188,631

Selling expenses                                                              (32,961)         (34,500)
Administrative expenses                                                     (111,092)          (81,102)
Research and development expenses                                               (5,715)          (5,881)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                       (1,364)          (4,169)
Other income                                                                     5,152            4,969
Other gains – net                                                                1,699            5,131

Operating profit                                               7              15,378            73,079

Finance income                                                 8                1,143            1,970
Finance costs                                                  8              (11,049)         (12,628)

Finance costs – net                                                            (9,906)         (10,658)

Share of loss of investments accounted for
  using the equity method                                                      (1,098)           (5,740)
Impairment losses on investment in the joint venture
  accounted for using the equity method                                              –           (1,534)

Profit before income tax                                                        4,374           55,147
Income tax expense                                             9               (3,412)          (7,855)

Profit for the period                                                             962           47,292

Profit for the period attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                           3,836           42,979
Non-controlling interests                                                      (2,874)           4,313

                                                                                  962           47,292

Profit per share attributable to owners of the
  Company for the period
Basic (expressed in RMB per share)                            10                0.011            0.127
Diluted (expressed in RMB per share)                          10                0.011            0.127

The notes on pages 45 to 82 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   45
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

     Profit for the period                                                962        47,292

     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at
        fair value through other comprehensive income                       (2)          (50)

     Other comprehensive income for the period,
       net of tax                                                           (2)          (50)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                            960        47,242

     Total comprehensive income for the period
       attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                               3,834       42,929
     Non-controlling interests                                          (2,874)       4,313

                                                                          960        47,242


     The notes on pages 45 to 82 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
     financial information.




46   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position
                                                                                      As at 30 June 2024


                                                                              As at       As at
                                                                           30 June 31 December
                                                             Note             2024        2023
                                                                               ’
                                                                          RMB 000      RMB’000

Assets

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                 11            770,033           741,122
Right-of-use assets                                           11            154,899           159,904
Intangible assets                                             11             44,916            46,214
Deferred income tax assets                                                   32,080            24,208
Investments accounted for using the equity method             12             29,662            30,760
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                   15            202,143           132,887
Financial asset at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                        13                   –             4,772
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         16              59,093            53,869
Long-term trade receivables                                   14              60,473            58,339
Restricted cash                                                                4,105             6,104

Total non-current assets                                                  1,357,404         1,258,179

Current assets
Financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                        13              2,494             3,491
Inventories                                                                   5,163             5,333
Long-term trade receivables – current portion                 14             25,512            23,232
Trade receivables                                             14            407,264           308,796
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                   15             70,900            86,087
Restricted cash                                                                   2                 2
Cash and cash equivalents                                                   305,535           188,835
Asset classified as held for sale                                             4,703             4,703

Total current assets                                                        821,573           620,479

Total assets                                                              2,178,977         1,878,658




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   47
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2024


                                                                                      As at       As at
                                                                                   30 June 31 December
                                                                          Note        2024        2023
                                                                                       ’
                                                                                  RMB 000      RMB’000

     EQUITY

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                         17       356,312      338,496
     Reserves                                                              18     1,612,011    1,401,974
     Accumulated losses                                                            (444,007)    (447,843)

     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 1,524,316    1,292,627

     Non-controlling interests                                                      38,788       42,487

     Total equity                                                                 1,563,104    1,335,114

     LIABILITIES

     Non-current liabilities
     Borrowings                                                            22      118,228       84,966
     Lease liabilities                                                             119,324      136,280
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                                 4,332        4,414
     Other non-current liabilities                                                     536        1,700

     Total non-current liabilities                                                 242,420      227,360

     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                        21       41,860       23,482
     Other payables and accruals                                                    69,486       75,869
     Contract liabilities                                                  6(c)     18,173        8,959
     Current tax liabilities                                                        48,751       42,662
     Borrowings                                                            22      147,148      125,042
     Lease liabilities                                                              47,596       39,731
     Other non current liability-current portion                                       439          439

     Total current liabilities                                                     373,453      316,184

     Total liabilities                                                             615,873      543,544

     Total equity and liabilities                                                 2,178,977    1,878,658

     Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang                                           Mr. FENG Xie
     Director                                                    Director

     The notes on pages 45 to 82 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
     financial information.


48   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                     Equity attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                   Non-
                                                                                                                     Share                   Accumulated                     controlling       Total
                                                                                                            Note    capital     Reserves          losses      Subtotal         interests      equity
                                                                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

                                                            As at 1 January 2024                                    338,496     1,401,974        (447,843)    1,292,627          42,487     1,335,114

                                                            Profit/(loss) for the period                                  –             –           3,836           3,836         (2,874)        962
                                                            Other comprehensive loss                                      –            (2)              –              (2)             –          (2)

                                                            Total comprehensive (loss)/income                             –            (2)          3,836           3,834         (2,874)        960

                                                            Capital injection                                             –             –               –               –           700          700
                                                            Shares issued pursuant to initial public
                                                              offering on the Main Board of
                                                              The Stock Exchange of
                                                              Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing”)             17       17,816       225,147               –       242,963                –     242,963
                                                            Listing expenses capitalised upon the Listing                 –       (15,574)              –       (15,574)               –     (15,574)
                                                            Dividend distribution                                         –             –               –             –           (1,531)      (1,531)
                                                            Share-based payments expenses                   19            –           466               –           466                6          472

                                                            Total transactions with owners                           17,816       210,039               –       227,855            (825)     227,030

                                                            As at 30 June 2024                                      356,312     1,612,011        (444,007)    1,524,316          38,788     1,563,104




                                                                                                                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024
Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity




49
50


                                                                                                                 Equity attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                                                                                Share                     Accumulated                     controlling       Total
                                                                                                               capital      Reserves           losses     Subtotal          interests      equity
                                                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000

                                                            As at 1 January 2023                               338,496      1,426,432         (492,258)   1,272,670           43,569     1,316,239

                                                            Profit for the period                                    –               –         42,979           42,979         4,313       47,292
                                                            Other comprehensive loss                                 –             (50)             –              (50)            –          (50)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                            Total comprehensive (loss)/income                        –             (50)        42,979           42,929         4,313       47,242

                                                            Capital injection                                        –              –                –            –               215          215
                                                            Disposal of subsidiaries                                 –              –                –            –             1,497        1,497
                                                            Transactions with non-controlling interests              –        (11,377)               –      (11,377)           (6,623)     (18,000)
Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024




                                                            Share-based payments expenses                            –          1,475                –        1,475                26        1,501

                                                            Total transactions with owners                           –          (9,902)              –          (9,902)        (4,885)     (14,787)

                                                            As at 30 June 2023                                 338,496      1,416,480         (449,279)   1,305,697           42,997     1,348,694


                                                            The notes on pages 45 to 82 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim financial information.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity
         Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                            Note            2024         2023
                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash used in operations                                                      38,477          101,829
Interest received                                                               927            1,847
Income tax paid                                                              (5,277)          (6,260)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                 34,127            97,416

Cash flows from investing activities
Prepayment on equity investments                                                  –             (2,850)
Investments in associates and joint ventures                 12                   –           (11,280)
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                        2,910                123
Proceeds from disposal of investments in joint ventures                       1,400                  –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
  equipment                                                                      1               1,537
Repayments of loans to third parties                                           600                   –
Purchases of intangible assets                                                (992)             (6,431)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                (179,308)           (46,755)

Net cash used in investing activities                                     (175,389)           (65,656)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from initial public offering                                      242,963                    –
Capital injection from non-controlling interests in
  subsidiaries                                                                  700                215
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of
  subsidiaries                                                                (1,531)                –
Transaction with non-controlling interests                                         –          (18,000)
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                45,800            10,000
Repayments of bank borrowings                                               (25,111)          (35,473)
Proceeds from loans from financial leasing companies                         74,934            18,483
Repayments of loans from financial leasing companies                        (40,280)          (88,856)
Principal elements of lease payments                                        (21,412)            (5,344)
Listing expense                                                               (9,076)           (2,856)
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                         1,999            (2,286)
Interest paid                                                               (11,024)          (12,954)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                     257,962           (137,071)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       116,700           (105,311)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period                       188,835            340,194

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period                             305,535           234,883

The notes on pages 45 to 82 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     1      GENERAL INFORMATION
            Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. formerly known as Shenzhen RIMAG Sunshine Medical
            Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company
            on 30 October 2014 in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, People’s Republic of China
            (the “PRC”). The registered office of the Company is Room 1002, 10th Floor, No. 10
            Building Public R&D Centre Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South Chinese Medicine Science
            and Technology Innovation City Ganjiang New District Jiangxi Province, PRC. In June
            2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liabilities.
            The Company provides medical imaging services through the establishment of medical
            imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging solution services
            and Rimag Cloud services.

            The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged
            in the providing medical imaging services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud
            services in the PRC.

            The Company’s H Shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
            Hong Kong Limited since 7 June 2024.

            This condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of
            Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated, and was approved for issue by the Board of
            Directors on 27 August 2024.

            This condensed consolidated interim financial information has not been audited but has
            been reviewed by the Audit Committee.


     2      BASIS OF PREPARATION
            This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30
            June 2024 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards
            (“IAS”) 34, ‘Interim financial reporting’. The condensed consolidated interim financial
            information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for
            the year ended 31 December 2023, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
            Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).




52   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2024


3     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      Except for the adoption of new or amended standards and interpretations since 1
      January 2024 as described below, the accounting policies applied are consistent with
      those of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, as
      described in those consolidated financial statements.

      Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be
      applicable to expected total annual earnings.

(a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group

      A number of new or amended standards and interpretations became applicable for the
      current reporting period. The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or
      make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these standards.

                                                                                                    Effective for
                                                                                                 annual periods
                                                                                                   beginning on
      New standards and amendments                                                                       or after

      IAS 1 (Amendments)              Classification of liabilities as current or non-current     1 January 2024
      IAS 1 (Amendments)              Non-current liabilities with covenants                      1 January 2024
      IFRS 16 (Amendments)            Lease liability in sale and leaseback                       1 January 2024
      IAS 7 and IFRS 7 (Amendments)   Supplier finance arrangements                               1 January 2024

(b)   New standards and amendments not yet adopted

      The following new standards, new interpretations and amendments to standards and
      interpretations have been issued but are not effective for the financial year beginning on
      1 January 2024 and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                                    Effective for
                                                                                                 annual periods
                                                                                                   beginning on
      New standards and amendments                                                                       or after

      IAS 21 (Amendments)             Lack of exchangeability                                     1 January 2025
      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7               Amendments to the classification and                        1 January 2026
        (Amendments)                    measurement of financial instruments
      Annual improvements project     Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting                      1 January 2026
                                        Standards – volumes 11
      IFRS 18                         Presentation and disclosure in financial statements         1 January 2027
      IFRS 19                         Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures     1 January 2027
      IFRS 10 and IAS 28              Sale or contribution of assets between an                 To be determined
        (Amendments)                    investor and its associate or joint venture

      The Group is assessing the full impact of the new standards, new interpretations and
      amendments to standards and interpretations.

                                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     4      ESTIMATES
            The preparation of interim financial information requires management to make
            judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
            and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results
            may differ from these estimates.

            In preparing this condensed consolidated interim financial information, the significant
            judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and
            the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those that applied to the
            consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1    Financial risk factors

            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including
            foreign exchange risks and cash flow and fair value interests rate risk), credit risk and
            liquidity risk.

            The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial
            risk management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
            and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements as
            at 31 December 2023.

            There have been no changes in the major risk management policies since the year end.




54   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.2   Liquidity risk

      The tables below analyse the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant
      maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the end of each reporting period to
      the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the tables are the contractual
      undiscounted cash flows.

                                                   Between        Between
                                      Less than       1 and          2 and          Over
                                         1 year     2 years        5 years       5 years         Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

      As at 30 June 2024
      Borrowings and interests          149,274       66,453         54,432              –      270,159
      Trade payables                     41,860            –              –              –       41,860
      Other payables and accruals
        (excluding non-financial)        47,711            –              –             –        47,711
      Lease liabilities                  54,878       46,361         75,001         8,444       184,684
      Other non-current liabilities         478          478            279             –         1,235

                                        294,201      113,292       129,712          8,444       545,649

      As at 31 December 2023
      Borrowings and interests          126,822       64,188         24,133              –      215,143
      Trade payables                     23,482            –              –              –       23,482
      Other payables and accruals
        (excluding non-financial)        48,818            –              –             –        48,818
      Lease liabilities                  42,972       43,323         92,712        13,594       192,601
      Other non-current liabilities         478          478          1,433             –         2,389

                                        242,572      107,989       118,278         13,594       482,433




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.3    Fair value estimation

            (a)    Fair value hierarchy
                   Financial instruments carried at fair value or where fair value was disclosed can be
                   categorised by levels of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
                   value. The inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as
                   follows:

                   Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as
                   publicly traded derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices
                   at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial
                   assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included
                   in level 1.

                   Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active
                   market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation
                   techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as
                   possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value
                   an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                   Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market
                   data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity
                   securities.

                   The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 2 and
                   level 3 fair values.




56   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (a)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            The following table presents the Group’s assets that were measured at fair value at
            30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023:

                                                 Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB ’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

            As at 30 June 2024
            Assets:
            Financial assets carried at FVPL
            – Unlisted debt
                instruments (Note 16)                   –               –         53,926          53,926
            – Unlisted equity
                investments (Note 16)                   –               –          5,167           5,167
            Financial assets carried at FVOCI
            – Bank acceptance
                notes (Note 13)                         –               –          2,494           2,494

                                                        –               –         61,587          61,587


                                                 Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB ’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

            As at 31 December 2023
            Assets:
            Financial assets carried at FVPL
            – Unlisted debt
                instruments (Note 16)                   –               –         53,869          53,869
            Financial assets carried at FVOCI
            – Bank acceptance
                notes (Note 13)                         –               –          3,491           3,491
            – Unlisted equity
                investments (Note 13)                   –               –          4,772           4,772

                                                        –               –          8,263           8,263

                                                        –               –         62,132          62,132




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   57
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.3    Fair value estimation (continued)

           (b)     Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values specific valuation
                   techniques used to value financial instruments include:
                   •    Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and

                   •      Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to
                          determine fair value for the remaining financial instruments.

                   There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended 30
                   June 2024.

                   The fair value of trade receivables, other receivables, long-term trade receivables,
                   restricted cash, and cash and cash equivalents approximated their carrying
                   amounts.

                   The fair value of trade payables, other payables and accruals (excluding payroll and
                   welfare payables and other tax payables) and current borrowings approximated
                   their carrying amounts. The fair value of non-current borrowings was disclosed in
                   note 22.

            (c)    The Group ’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value
                   hierarchy levels as at the end of each reporting period. During the six months
                   ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, there are no transfers among levels of the
                   fair value hierarchy used in measuring the fair value of financial instruments,
                   and also no changes in the classification of financial assets as a result of a
                   change in the purpose or use of those assets.




58   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2024


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (d)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
            The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months
            ended 30 June 2024 and 2023:

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

            Financial assets at FVPL
            Opening Balance                                                 53,869                50,341
            Transfer from financial assets at FVOCI                          4,772                     –
            Modification of equity investments                                 395                     –
            Fair value changes – gain to profit or loss                        567                 3,197
            Settlement                                                        (510)                 (509)

            Closing balance                                                 59,093                53,029


                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024                  2023
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

            Financial assets at FVOCI
            Opening Balance                                                   8,263                    –
            Additions                                                         4,642                5,783
            Settlement                                                       (5,639)                   –
            Transfer to financial assets at FVPL                             (4,772)                   –

            Closing balance                                                   2,494                5,783


            There were no changes in valuation techniques during the periods.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   59
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     6      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (a)    Description of segment and principal activities

            During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group is engaged in imaging business
            in the Mainland China. The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been
            identified as the chairman and executive directors of the Board who are responsible for
            allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment.

            Management reviews the operating results of the business as one segment to make
            decisions about resources to be allocated. Therefore, the executive directors of the
            Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic
            decisions. Revenue and profit before income tax are the measures reported to
            the chairman and executive directors for the purpose of resources allocation and
            performance assessment.

            Throughout the years, the Group has constructed, and shaped the competency in, the
            infrastructure supporting the operations of the imaging center and enrichment imaging
            services business, such as cloud platform services which represents less than 5% of the
            Group’s total revenue.

            All of the Group’s business and operations are conducted in Mainland China and
            currently, the Group’s principal market, majority of revenue, operating profit and
            non-current assets are derived from/located in the Mainland China. Accordingly, no
            geographical segment information is presented.




60   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June 2024


6     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(b)   Revenue during the six months ended 30 June 2024

      An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended 30 June 2024
      and 2023 is as follows:

      The revenue segment information reported to CODM for the six months ended 30 June
      2024 is as follows:

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

                                                    Satisfaction of
                                                     performance
      Imaging center services                            obligation
      – Flagship imaging centers                     Point in time            60,424            73,607
      – Regional collaborative imaging centers       Point in time           182,677           184,654
      – Specialized medical consortium
           imaging centers                                Overtime             53,995            59,191
      – Operational management imaging centers            Overtime             21,857            21,573

                                                                             318,953           339,025

      Imaging solution services
      – Imaging equipment solutions                   Point in time            84,552          186,464
      – Equipment maintenance services                   Overtime                 628                –

                                                                               85,180          186,464

      Rimag Cloud services
      – Cloud platform services                          Overtime               5,580             4,290
      – Sales of software                             Point in time             4,000                 –

                                                                                9,580             4,290

                                                                             413,713           529,779




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   61
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     6      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (c)    Contract liabilities

            The Group has recognised the following contract liabilities which are the advances from
            customers:

                                                                            As at          As at
                                                                         30 June    31 December
                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

            Contract liabilities related to imaging center services         3,617           3,492
            Contract liabilities related to imaging solution
             services                                                      14,229           5,139
            Contract liabilities related to Rimag Cloud services              327             328

                                                                           18,173           8,959


            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the six months ended
            30 June 2024 relates to carried-forward contract liabilities:

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the
              balance of contract liabilities at the
              beginning of the period
            Imaging center services                                            96             458
            Imaging solution services                                       4,209          54,459
            Cloud platform services                                            17              46

                                                                            4,322          54,963




62   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024


7   OPERATING PROFIT
    An analysis of the amounts presented as operating items in the financial information is
    given below.

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

    Employee benefit expenses                                         100,487               93,385
    Raw materials and trading medical equipment                        81,189              184,775
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      79,424               73,543
    Listing expenses                                                   34,454               10,487
    Repair and maintenance                                             24,901               25,630
    Marketing fees                                                     19,960               23,686
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                18,496               14,853
    Amortization of intangible assets                                   1,932                1,120
    Losses from disposal of property, plant and
      equipment                                                             69                    74


8   FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS
                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

    Finance income:
    – Interest income from bank deposits                                 1,143                1,970

    Finance costs:
    – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                              (2,381)               (2,659)
    – Interest expenses on other borrowings                             (4,572)               (6,298)
    – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                             (4,116)               (3,997)

                                                                      (11,069)              (12,954)
    Amount capitalized                                                     20                   326

    Total finance costs                                               (11,049)              (12,628)

    Finance costs – net                                                 (9,906)             (10,658)




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   63
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     9      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
            The amounts of income tax expense charged to profit or loss in the consolidated interim
            income statements represent:

                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

            Current income tax                                            11,366            19,627
            Deferred income tax                                           (7,954)          (11,772)

                                                                           3,412             7,855


            Global minimum top-up tax

            The Group has adopted International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules –
            Amendments to IAS 12 upon their release on 23 May 2023. The amendments provide a
            temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the top-up tax, which
            is effective immediately, and require new disclosures about the Pillar Two exposure from
            31 December 2023. The mandatory exception applies retrospectively. However, because
            no new legislation to implement the top-up tax was enacted or substantively enacted
            at 30 June 2024 in any jurisdiction in which the Group operates and no related deferred
            taxes were recognised at that date, the retrospective application has no impact on the
            Group’s condensed consolidated interim financial information.

            The Company’s subsidiaries established and operated in Mainland China are subject to
            the PRC corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25%.

            During the the six months ended 30 June 2024, according to the relevant laws and
            regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, enterprises
            engaging in research and development activities were entitled to claim 200% of
            their research and development expenses incurred as tax deductible expenses when
            determining their assessable profits for that year (the “Super Deduction”).




64   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2024


9   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
    A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable corporate
    income tax rate and profit before income tax, with the actual corporate income tax
    during the the six months ended 30 June 2024 is as follow:

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

    Profit before income tax                                             4,374               55,147
    Tax calculated at applicable statutory tax rate                      1,093               13,787
    – Effect of preferential tax rates (a)                              (2,151)              (3,123)
    – Super deduction on research and
         development expenditure                                        (1,186)                (947)
    – Expenses not deductible for tax purpose                            5,152                4,751
    – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                 (3,144)             (10,565)
    – Temporary differences for which no
         deferred income tax assets was recognised                       1,423                4,259
    – Share-based payment expense not
         recognised as deferred tax assets                                 112                   363
    – Recognition of deferred tax assets on previously
         unrecognised tax losses and other temporary
         differences                                                    (5,803)             (10,251)
    – Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                   7,642                8,146
    – Share of result of investment in equity method                       274                1,435

    Income tax expense                                                   3,412                7,855




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   65
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     9      INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     (a)    The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the Group’s entities located in Mainland
            China is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “EIT Law”)
            effective on 1 January 2008 unless these subject to preferential tax rate set out below.

            Each of Beijing Rimag Sunshine Medical Information Technology Co Ltd. (“Beijing
            Information”) and Hubei Zhiying Rimag Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Zhiying”)
            was qualified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” certificate. Shicheng Rimag
            Sunshine Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (“Shicheng Rimag”), Xixian Xinqu Rimag Medical
            Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Xixian Rimag”) and Shehong Jiashi Rimag Medical Imaging
            Diagnosis Ltd. (“Shehong Rimag”) could enjoy the preferential policy of income tax for
            the development of the western region. According to the approval from the local taxation
            authority, each of Beijing Information, Hubei Zhiying, Shicheng Rimag, Xixian Rimag and
            Shehong Rimag was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for 2023 and the
            six months ended 30 June 2024.

            The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the small and micro enterprises is 5%
            according to the EIT Law.


     10     EARNINGS PER SHARE
     (a)    Basic

            Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the earnings of the Group attributable
            to the equity holders of the Company by weighted average number of ordinary shares
            outstanding during the six months ended 30 June 2024.

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2024              2023

            Profit attributable to the equity holders of the
              Company (RMB’000)                                              3,836            42,979
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares
              outstanding (thousand shares)                               340,858           338,496

            Basic earnings per share
              (expressed in RMB per share)                                   0.011             0.127




66   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


10    EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued)
(b)   Diluted

      During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the Group had no potential
      ordinary shares. Accordingly, diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30
      June 2024 and 2023 are the same as basic earnings per share for the respective periods.


11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND
      INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                        Property, plant         Right-of-         Intangible
                                                        and equipment          use assets             assets

      Six months ended 30 June 2024
      Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2024              741,122           159,904            46,214
      Additions                                                 110,755            14,336               634
      Change of terms                                                  –             (845)                –
      Disposals                                                   (2,420)               –                 –
      Depreciation and amortization                             (79,424)          (18,496)           (1,932)

      Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2024                770,033           154,899            44,916


12    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

      Associates                                                              29,662                30,760




                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   67
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     12    INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
           (continued)
            The movements of investments in associates accounted for using the equity method are
            as follows:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

            At 1 January                                                     30,760           19,860
            Addition                                                              –           11,280
            Share of post-tax profits                                        (1,098)          (5,585)
            Deduction                                                             –             (500)

            At 30 June                                                       29,662           25,055

            The movements of investments in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method
            are as follows:

                                                                                          Six months
                                                                                       ended 30 June
                                                                                               2023
                                                                                            RMB’000

            At 1 January                                                                       6,392
            Share of post-tax profits                                                           (155)
            Provision for impairment losses                                                   (1,534)
            Transfer to assets classified as held for sale                                    (4,703)

            At 30 June                                                                             –


     13     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT                             FAIR   VALUE    THROUGH          OTHER
            COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               As at           As at
                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

            Current
            Debt investments
            – Bank acceptance notes (a)                                       2,494            3,491
            Non current
            – Unlisted equity investments (b)                                     –            4,772



68   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024


14   TRADE RECEIVABLES AND LONG-TERM TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current
     Trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                          435,839              333,720
     – due from related parties (Note 23(d))                               406                2,666

                                                                       436,245              336,386
     Less: provision for impairment                                    (28,981)             (27,590)

                                                                       407,264              308,796

     Long-term trade receivables-current portion
     – due from third parties                                           26,897                25,533
     – due from related parties (Note 23(d))                             4,105                 3,161

                                                                        31,002                28,694
     Less: provision for impairment                                     (5,490)               (5,462)

                                                                        25,512                23,232

     Non current
     Long-term trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                           46,155                43,086
     – due from related parties (Note 23(d))                            19,698                20,696

                                                                        65,853                63,782
     Less: provision for impairment                                     (5,380)               (5,443)

                                                                        60,473                58,339

     Total                                                             493,249              390,367


     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses
     prescribed by IFRS 9. As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, provisions of
     RMB39,851,000 and RMB38,495,000 were made against the gross amounts of trade
     receivables and long-term trade receivables, respectively.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   69
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     14    TRADE RECEIVABLES                       AND       LONG-TERM   TRADE       RECEIVABLES
           (continued)
            As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the ageing analysis of the trade receivables
            based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

            Up to 1 year                                                  380,580          294,015
            1 to 2 years                                                   42,197           29,545
            2 to 3 years                                                    8,006           12,470
            Over 3 years                                                    5,462              356

                                                                          436,245          336,386


            Due to the short-term nature of the trade receivables, their carrying amounts
            approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates and were denominated in
            RMB.

            As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, the ageing analysis of the long-term trade
            receivables based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

            Up to 1 year                                                   18,486           40,382
            1 to 2 years                                                   41,931           17,377
            2 to 3 years                                                   13,395           30,740
            Over 3 years                                                   23,043            3,977

                                                                           96,855           92,476


            The long-term trade receivables have been discounted and there is no material change
            on discount rate, so their carrying amounts approximated their fair values as at the
            balance sheet dates and were denominated in RMB.




70   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2024


15   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Included in non-current assets
     Other receivables
     Deposits – non-current portion                                        29,116                14,839
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                              8,637                 9,302
     Loans to a related party (Note 23(d))                                  2,850                 3,450
     Less: provision for impairment                                          (725)                 (740)

                                                                           39,878                26,851
     Prepayments
     Prepayments for equity investments                                        600                   600
     Prepayments for purchase of property,
       plant and equipment                                                141,683                87,970
     Deductible value-added tax input                                      17,132                15,309
     Prepayments for intangible assets                                      2,850                 2,157

                                                                          162,265              106,036
     Total                                                                202,143              132,887
     Included in current assets
     Other receivables
     Other receivables from related parties (Note 23(d))                      129                   236
     Deposits-current portion                                              14,510                23,465
     Advances to employees                                                  1,091                   618
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                                840                 2,360
     Others                                                                 3,019                   829

                                                                           19,589                27,508
     Less: provision for impairment                                          (104)                  (80)

                                                                           19,485                27,428
     Prepayments
     Prepayment to a related party (Note 23(d))                             3,200                 3,240
     Prepayment to suppliers                                               26,226                 5,217
     Deductible value-added tax input                                       3,014                23,601
     Prepayment for listing expenses                                        1,226                13,011
     Prepaid expenses                                                      17,749                13,590

                                                                           51,415                58,659
     Total                                                                 70,900                86,087



                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   71
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     16 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                      As at             As at
                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

            Non-current
            – Unlisted debt instruments (Note 5.3(a))                                53,926              53,869
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 5.3(a))                               5,167                   –

                                                                                     59,093              53,869


     17     SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                             Number of
                                                                               ordinary
                                                                              shares of          Share capital
                                                                           RMB1.00 each              RMB’000

            Issued and fully paid:
            As at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023                         338,495,832               338,496
            – Issue of shares pursuant to the Listing (a)                      17,816,000                17,816

            As at 30 June 2024                                                356,311,832               356,312

     (a)    On 7 June 2024, the Company issued 17,816,000 ordinary shares at HK$14.98 per share, and raised gross
            proceeds of approximately HK$266,883,680. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The
            Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 7 June 2024. The gross proceeds are capitalized as share capital
            and share premium accordingly.




72   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024


18    RESERVES
      The following table shows a breakdown of the balance sheet line items “reserves ” and its
      movements during the respective years. A description of the nature and purpose of each
      reserve is provided below the table.

                                                                                           Share-
                                                                          Financial        based
                                                Share         Capital     assets at      payment
                                             premium        reserves         FVOCI       reserves         Total
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

      As at 1 January 2024                  1,136,018         (30,197)         3,182       292,971     1,401,974
      Share-based payment                           –               –              –           466           466
      Issue of shares pursuant
        to the Listing                         225,147               –              –             –      225,147
      Listing expenses capitalised
        upon listing                          (15,574)              –              –             –       (15,574)
      Financial assets at FVOCI                     –               –             (2)            –             (2)
      As at 30 June 2024                    1,345,591         (30,197)         3,180       293,437     1,612,011

      As at 1 January 2023                  1,136,018                –              –      290,414     1,426,432
      Share-based payment                           –                –              –        2,557         2,557
      Transactions with
        non-controlling interests (i)                 –       (30,197)             –              –       (30,197)
      Financial assets at FVOCI                       –             –          3,182              –         3,182

      As at 31 December 2023                1,136,018         (30,197)         3,182       292,971     1,401,974

(i)   Note: The Company entered into a share transfer agreement in December 2023 for acquisition of remaining
      49% equity interest in a subsidiary Hainan Rimag Sunshine Medical Investment Management Co. Ltd. (“Hainan
      Rimag”) at a consideration of RMB15,900,000. The Company already paid RMB14,310,000 in 2023 while the
      completion of the transaction was still subject to certain financial performance conditions in late 2024 which
      is not under the Company’s control. Hence the full consideration for purchasing non-controlling shareholdings
      is debited to equity with the remaining unpaid consideration of RMB1,590,000, which is also subject to certain
      financial performance conditions in 2024, recorded in other payables and accruals as at 31 December 2023.




                                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024    73
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     19     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
            Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions were as
            follows:

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

            Share Incentive Plan (a)                                      472            1,501


     (a)    Share-based payments expenses recognised for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and
            2023 were as follows:

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

            Administrative expenses                                       472            1,490
            Selling and distribution expenses                               –                8
            Cost of sales                                                   –                1
            Research and development expenses                               –                2

                                                                          472            1,501


     20     DIVIDEND
            No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during each of the six months
            ended 30 June 2024 and 2023.




74   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


21   TRADE PAYABLES
                                                                       As at              As at
                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade payables -Third parties                                    41,860                23,482


     The ageing analysis of trade payable as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 based
     on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                       As at              As at
                                                                    30 June        31 December
                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

     Up to 1 year                                                     38,325                20,018
     1-2 years                                                         3,220                 2,692
     Over 2 year                                                         315                   772

                                                                      41,860                23,482




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   75
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     22     BORROWINGS
                                                                      As at          As at
                                                                   30 June    31 December
                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

            Non-current:
            Long-term bank borrowings, secured                      56,993          55,904
            Long-term bank borrowings, unsecured                    10,000               –
            Loans from financial leasing companies, secured        164,956         130,302

            Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
                    secured                                        (35,351)        (28,324)
            Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
              unsecured                                               (200)              –
            Current portion of loans from financial leasing
              companies, secured                                   (78,170)        (72,916)

                                                                   118,228          84,966

            Current:
            Short-term bank borrowings, secured                      7,880           8,280
            Short-term bank borrowings, unsecured                   25,000          15,000
            Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
              secured                                               35,351          28,324
            Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
              unsecured                                                200               –
            Current portion of loans from financial leasing
              companies, secured                                    78,170          72,916
            Loans from a third party, unsecured                        547             522

                                                                   147,148         125,042

            Total borrowings                                       265,376         210,008




76   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024


22    BORROWINGS (continued)
(a)   The Group’s borrowings as at the balance sheet dates during the six months ended 30
      June 2024 were repayable as follows:

                                         As at 30 June 2024             As at 31 December 2023
                                            Bank                              Bank
                                      Borrowings         Others         Borrowings        Others

      Up to 1 year                         68,431          78,717             51,604            73,438
      Between 1 and 2 years                29,181          34,852             22,328            39,107
      Between 2 and 5 years                 2,261          51,934              5,252            18,279

      Total                                99,873         165,503             79,184          130,824


(b)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                         As at 30 June 2024             As at 31 December 2023
                                            Bank                              Bank
                                      Borrowings         Others         Borrowings        Others

      RMB                                  99,873         165,503             79,184          130,824


(c)   The weighted average effective interest rates at each balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                                  Six month ended 30 June
                                                                           2024                  2023

      Bank borrowings                                                    5.87%                 4.92%
      Loans from financial leasing companies                             7.88%                 9.63%
      Loans from a third party, unsecured                               12.00%                     –




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   77
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     22     BORROWINGS (continued)
     (d)    Other disclosures

            (i)    Fair values
                   The carrying amounts for the majority of the borrowings approximated their fair
                   values as they were carried at floating interest rates.

            (ii)   Risk exposures
                   Details of the Group’s exposure to risks arising from current and non-current
                   borrowings are set out in Note 5.1 and Note 5.2.


     23     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Parties are considered to be related in one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to
            control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making
            financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
            subject to common control.

            The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
            and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended 30
            June 2024, and balances arising from related party transactions as at 30 June 2024 and
            31 December 2023 respectively.

            The major related parties that had transactions and balances with the Group were as
            follows:




78   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024


23    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(a)   Related parties of the Company and the Group

      Name of related parties                                                                        Relationship

      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                            Associate
        (漢吉健康管理(上海)有限公司)
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.           Associate
        (上海正影醫學影像診斷中心有限公司)
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging                           Associate
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd. (寧德市交投一脈陽光醫學影像
        診斷中心有限公司)
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
        (北京一脈萬方診所有限公司)
      Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                      Associate
        (上海一脈心雲醫療科技有限公司)
      Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.           Joint venture
        (上海實和智能電子科技有限公司)(Note)
      Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                A company controlled
        (武漢融公社醫療器械有限公司)                                                    by a Director

      Note: According to the Articles of Association of Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., all
      resolutions must be unanimously passed by all shareholders, and none of the participating parties has unilateral
      control over the economic activity of the jointly controlled entity, which is thus accounted for the investment
      as an investment in joint ventures. In September 2023, the Company entered into a share transfer agreement
      that the Company sell the 20% equity interests to a third party. The Company will receive a fixed amount of
      RMB5,000,000 over one year on monthly basis. The transaction will be completed after all the payments are
      settled. As at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, it was accounted for as asset classified held for sale.


      The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
      and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended
      30 June 2024, and balances arising from related party transactions as at the respective
      balance sheet dates.




                                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024      79
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     23     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (b)    Transactions with related parties

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2024            2023
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

            Sales of services and goods
            Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine
              Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                828               –
            Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                      317             652

                                                                       1,145            652

            Purchase of services and products
            Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.               2,314                 –
            Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                      140                 85
            Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.          121                  –
            Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
              Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                115                  –

                                                                       2,690                85




80   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2024


23    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(c)   Key management compensation

      Key management includes Directors (executive and non-executive), chief executive
      officer, the Company secretary, and the executive president of imaging hospital. The
      compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is as follows:

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

      – Salaries, wages and bonuses                                       2,037                1,591
      – Pension costs-defined contribution plans                            167                   40
      – Housing fund, medical insurance and
          other social insurance                                            546                    32
      – Share-based payments expenses                                         –                    14

                                                                          2,750                1,677


      For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the salaries, bonus and other welfares
      disclosed above include RMB367,000 and RMB222,000 payables which were unpaid as
      at period end and are included in other payables and accruals.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   81
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


     23     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (d)    Balances with related parties

                                                                     As at           As at
                                                                  30 June     31 December
                                                                     2024            2023
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

            Trade receivables and long-term trade receivables
            Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
              Center Co., Ltd.                                     23,605           23,907
            Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                    604              409
            Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
              Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                –            2,207
            Less: allowance for expected credit losses               (820)            (848)

                                                                   23,389           25,675

            Other receivable and prepayments
            – Other receivable
            Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
              Center Co., Ltd.                                      2,850            3,450
            Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
              Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                              129             236
            – Prepayments
            Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.            3,200            3,200
            Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
              Center Co., Ltd.                                           –              40
            Less: allowance for expected credit losses                 (11)            (12)

                                                                    6,168            6,914

            Other payable and accruals
            Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.            689             689
            Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
              Center Co., Ltd.                                         16                –
            Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology
              Co., Ltd.                                                  –              13

                                                                      705             702

            Contract liability
            Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
              Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                            7,880                –




82   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
                                                                                 Definitions


“associate(s)”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”       the audit committee of the Board

“Board of Directors”    the board of Directors
  or “Board”

“China” or “PRC”        the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this interim
                        report and for geographical reference only, excludes Hong Kong,
                        Macau and Taiwan

“Company” or            Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司),
  “our Company”         a company initially established under the laws of the PRC on
                        October 30, 2014 as a joint stock company with limited liability,
                        subsequently converted into a limited liability company on July 15,
                        2016 and further converted into a joint stock company with limited
                        liability in the PRC on June 30, 2021 and the H Shares of which are
                        listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2522) and which includes
                        its subsidiaries (from time to time) where the context so requires

“Corporate Governance   the “Corporate Governance Code” as set out in Appendix C1 to the
  Code”                 Listing Rules

“Director(s)”           the director(s) of the Company

“Global Offering”       the global offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares by the
                        Company, details of which are set out in the Prospectus

“Group”, “we” or “us”   our Company and its subsidiaries (or our Company and any one or
                        more of its subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”            overseas listed foreign ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our
                        Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed and
                        traded on the Stock Exchange

“HK$”                   Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of
                        Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024   83
     Definitions


     “Interim Results                the interim results announcement for the six months ended June 30,
       Announcement”                 2024 of the Company dated August 27, 2024

     “Listing Date”                  June 7, 2024

     “Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                                     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or
                                     otherwise modified from time to time

     “Main Board”                    the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the
                                     Stock Exchange, which is independent from and operated in parallel
                                     with Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

     “Model Code”                    the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                     Issuers” set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “Nanchang Rimag”                Nanchang Rimag Sunshine Enterprise Management Center (Limited
                                     Partnership) (南昌一脈陽光企業管理中心(有限合夥)), a limited liability
                                     partnership established under the laws of the PRC on March 28,
                                     2016 as an employee shareholding platform of the Company

     “Prospectus”                    the prospectus issued by the Company dated May 30, 2024

     “Reporting Period”              the six months ended June 30, 2024

     “RMB”                           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

     “second half of 2023”           the six months ended December 31, 2023

     “Share(s)”                      ordinary shares in the share capital of our Company with a nominal
                                     value of RMB1.00 each, including unlisted shares and H Shares

     “Shareholder(s)”                holder(s) of the Shares

     “Stock Exchange”                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary(ies)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “%”                             per cent




84   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2024
