江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司
Jiangxi Rimag Group Co.,Limited
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)   INTERIM REPORT
Stock Code：2522.HK
    CONTENTS
      2   Corporate Information

      4   Financial and Business Highlights

     10   Management Discussion and Analysis

     68   Corporate Governance and Other Information

     88   Condensed Consolidated Interim Income Statement

     89   Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income

     90   Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Financial Position

     92   Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Changes in Equity

     94   Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Cash Flows

     96   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information

    132   Definitions




1   江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司 | 2026中期報告
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           AUDIT COMMITTEE
    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                          Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (Chairman)
    Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生) (Chairman)                         Mr. MENG Tao (孟滔先生)
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                        (appointed on April 23, 2026) Note 1
    Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰先生)                                          Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
    Mr. LI Feiyu (李飛宇先生)                                          (resigned on April 23, 2026) Note 2
                                                                 Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    Mr. GUO Tao (郭濤先生)
    Mr. MENG Tao (孟滔先生)                                          REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
     (elected on April 23, 2026) Note 1                          Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生) (Chairman)
    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)                                       Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
     (resigned on April 23, 2026) Note 2                         Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)

    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)
    Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)                                            Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生) (Chairman)
    Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)                                       Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)
                                                                 Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                                 AUDITOR
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
    Ms. YIP Man Wai (葉文蕙)                                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
     (appointed on August 25, 2026) Note 3                       Certified Public Accountants
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)                                        Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
     (resigned on August 25, 2026) Note 4                        22/F, Prince’s Building
                                                                 Central
                                                                 Hong Kong
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
    Ms. YIP Man Wai (葉文蕙)
     (appointed on August 25, 2026) Note 3
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)
     (resigned on August 25, 2026) Note 4


    Note 1: Mr. Meng Tao was elected as a Non-executive Director at the 2025 Annual General Meeting held on April 23, 2026
           with effect from April 23, 2026; he was also appointed as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board on the
           same date.
    Note 2: Due to other work commitments, Mr. Liu Senlin tendered his resignation to the Board on March 3, 2026 as a Non-
           executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. His resignation took effect from April 23,
           2026, the effective date of the appointment of Mr. Meng Tao.
    Note 3: Ms. Yip Man Wai was appointed as the joint company secretary and authorised representative of the Company at
           the board meeting held on August 25, 2026, with effect from August 25, 2026.
    Note 4: Ms. Zhang Xiao has resigned as the joint company secretary and authorised representative of the Company, with
           effect from August 25, 2026.
2   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION


REGISTERED OFFICE                            PRINCIPAL BANK
Room 1002, 10th Floor, 10# Building          China Construction Bank Corporation,
Public R&D Centre                            Nanchang Branch
Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South                  No. 288 Hongdu North Avenue
Chinese Medicine Science and Technology      Donghu District
Innovation City                              Nanchang
Ganjiang New District                        Jiangxi province, China
Jiangxi province, China
                                             HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
H E A D O F F I C E A N D P R I N C I PA L   Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                   Suites 3203–3209, 32/F
Building 2                                   Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
No. 2 Minzuyuan Road                         15 Queen’s Road Central
Chaoyang District                            Hong Kong
Beijing, China
                                             H SHARE REGISTRAR
P R I NC I PAL PL ACE OF B US I NESS         Tricor Investor Services Limited
IN HONG KONG                                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre              16 Harcourt Road
No. 248 Queen’s Road East                    Hong Kong
Wanchai
Hong Kong                                    STOCK CODE
                                             H Share: 02522


                                             COMPANY WEBSITE
                                             www.rimag.com.cn




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   3
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                       For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                    2026               2025            Year-on-year
                                                                Unaudited          Unaudited                change
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

    Revenue                                                       513,035              467,049                  9.8%
    Gross profit                                                  122,906              137,246                (10.4%)
    (Loss)/profit for the period                                  (27,878)              15,834               (276.1%)
    (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to
      owners of the Company                                       (13,891)              16,443               (184.5%)

    Non-IFRS measure*:
    EBITDA                                                         86,846              135,443                (35.9%)
    Adjusted EBITDA                                               109,353              135,443                (19.3%)
    Adjusted net (loss)/profit                                     (5,371)              15,834               (133.9%)
    Adjusted profit for the period
      attributable to owners of the Company                         8,513               16,443                 (48.2%)

    *      For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis — Financial Review — Non-IFRS Measure”.


    The Group’s revenue increased year-on-year during the Reporting Period, primarily because
    the Group seized the opportunities arising from the digital and intelligent transformation of the
    industry, continued to build a digital and intelligent medical imaging ecosystem, and achieved
    scaled coverage of empowerment solution services and digital intelligent services, thereby
    driving revenue growth. Specifically: 1. the Group leverages empowerment solution services as
    a key implementation lever for its various business initiatives. It continued to penetrate lower-
    tier markets, expanded its customer base across different levels, including public hospitals at
    various levels and primary healthcare institutions, and further tapped into the recurring needs
    of existing medical institutions, directly driving the continued increase in operating revenue
    from the Empowerment Solution Services segment; 2. digital intelligent services achieved
    systematic progress across four dimensions, namely data governance, asset monetisation, AI
    products and ecosystem collaboration, resulting in leapfrog revenue growth of digital intelligent
    services, which increased by more than 3 times as compared with the same period in 2025, with
    commercial value being realised at an accelerated pace. Details of revenue and year on year
    changes for the above mentioned two business lines are set out below:

                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30,
                                                                    2026               2025            Year-on-Year
                                                                Unaudited          Unaudited                Change
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

    Imaging solution services                                     227,985              162,507                 40.3%
    Digital-intelligent services                                   22,452                4,915                356.8%


4   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                             FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


The year-on-year decrease in the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period was mainly
attributable to: 1. with the in-depth advancement of the Group’s overall digital and intelligent
strategy, the continuous development of the digital ecosystem across the entire medical
imaging industry chain and the implementation of its long-term ecosystem layout, the Company
continued to increase its investment in research and development expenses for tackling key
artificial intelligence technologies. From the perspective of long-term value, the increase in
phased research and development investment will continue to consolidate the Company’s core
technological barriers in AI imaging, enrich its digital-intelligent services product matrix, and lay
a solid technical foundation for the subsequent scaled monetisation of digital-intelligent services,
enhancement of the added value of overall solutions and long-term market competitiveness; 2.
during the Reporting Period, as the exercise conditions under the Company’s core employee
share ownership plan were satisfied, awards were successively granted to employees. In
accordance with the relevant requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises,
the Company accrued and recognised share-based payment expenses by instalments, resulting
in an increase in overall expenses for the period and a phased dilutive impact on net profit for
the period. Such expenses represented strategic human capital incentive costs incurred by the
Company to retain core talents and improve its long-term incentive mechanism, and will not
have any negative impact on the Company’s operating cash flows or daily business operations.
Meanwhile, they effectively stabilised the core team and stimulated team vitality, providing solid
talent support for the Group’s digital and intelligent transformation, technological research and
development and business scale expansion, which is beneficial to the Company’s business
development in the long run.

It is noteworthy that, excluding the impact of share-based payment expenses, the Group’s
adjusted financial indicators showed a significant improving trend. The adjusted net loss
narrowed from approximately RMB26.3 million for the six months ended December 31, 2025 to
approximately RMB5.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a sequential
increase of 79.6% (i.e., a 79.6% reduction in loss). Adjusted profit for the period attributable to
owners of the Company turned from a loss of approximately RMB12.7 million for the six months
ended December 31, 2025 to a profit of approximately RMB8.5 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2026, representing a sequential increase of 167.1%. The sequential improvement in the
above-mentioned adjusted indicators fully demonstrates that the Group’s strategic investments
have gradually begun to translate into enhanced operating benefits, and the profit quality of core
businesses is continuously being restored and strengthened.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   5
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
    As a leading medical imaging specialty healthcare group and a service platform covering
    the entire medical imaging industry chain in China, we are the only pioneer in China that has
    built a closed-loop digital and intelligent imaging ecosystem integrating “scenarios + data
    + technology”. Since the beginning of 2026, centering on the three core pillars of “in-depth
    scenario coverage, data asset accumulation and AI capability output”, we have continued to
    advance the development of a digital and intelligent medical imaging ecosystem and achieved
    important progress in the following aspects:

    1.     Deepening strategic upgrades of the three business segments and accelerating
           the implementation of digital-intelligent integration. We continued to deepen the
           strategic upgrades of the three business segments and advanced them comprehensively
           in accordance with the ecosystem operating logic of “scenarios – empowerment –
           digital intelligence”. Among them, Imaging Centre Services, as the cornerstone of the
           ecosystem and the core scenario carrier for digital-intelligent services, consolidated the
           standardised operation of data across the entire network; Imaging Solution Services
           focused on asset-light growth, achieving “basic underpinning + asset-light acceleration”;
           and digital-intelligent services, as the core carrier of the strategic upgrade and the engine
           for enhancing future core value, deepened the value closed loop of “data governance
           – assetisation – AI commercialisation”. During the Reporting Period, the synergy and
           integration among the three business segments were further deepened. As the scenario
           and data entrance connecting equipment, doctors, AI and patient needs, imaging centres
           interacted with data governance, model training and workflow applications under digital-
           intelligent services, promoting the extension of imaging services from one-off examinations
           and diagnoses to intelligent scheduling, treatment evaluation and follow-up management.
           We have completed the deployment of 81 AI-assisted diagnosis products in 56 imaging
           centres and put them into clinical use, with a cumulative total of over 5 million assisted
           diagnosis cases completed, validating through clinical scenarios the strategic positioning
           of imaging centres as the core carrier for digital-intelligent services, and driving the iterative
           optimisation of digital-intelligent services through feedback from practical applications.




6   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                           FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


2.   Multi-dimensional breakthroughs in digital-intelligent services, with simultaneous
     enhancement of data value and AI ecosystem. During the Reporting Period, revenue
     from digital intelligent services achieved leapfrog growth, increasing by more than 3 times
     as compared with the same period in 2025, with commercial value being realised at an
     accelerated pace. Digital Intelligent Services achieved systematic progress across four
     dimensions, namely data governance, asset monetisation, AI products and ecosystem
     collaboration. At the internal governance level, the seven-level cleansing governance
     system has been implemented. Level-3 governance (granular image governance) of
     the Group’s full-scope data has been completed, and selected data is advancing in
     an orderly manner toward Level-4 governance (normalisation of reporting standards).
     Meanwhile, more than 200,000 pieces of annotated AI-Ready Data have been generated,
     and refined management for data classification and grading has been fully rolled out. At
     the assetisation level, the first compliant anonymised data transaction was completed,
     amounting to RMB5.613 million. Strategic cooperation on the Xiamen city-wide healthcare
     data platform was launched, creating a new operating model of “platform co-construction,
     data co-governance and data-model resonance”. At the product level, the Cranial CT Super
     Agent recorded over 25,000 invocations within 60 days of its official launch. Covering
     94 types of diseases, this agent was awarded the Industry Application Innovative Agent.
     In addition, the product matrix of multi site AI super agents is being expanded at an
     accelerated pace. Among them, chest CT plain scan assisted diagnosis AIR has completed
     integrated process validation from image analysis and multi-disease detection to structured
     report generation. Multiple AI aided diagnostic products for abdominal CT, knee joint MR,
     aortic CTA and other anatomical sites have entered the research and development pipeline.
     At the ecosystem level, the Group jointly released the digital doctor DoctorBuddy with
     Tencent, launched AI DIY research cooperation programmes with Beijing Tiantan Hospital
     and others, and formed the Rimag Healthcare Family Ecosystem Alliance. Advancing along
     all four lines simultaneously, and through the mutual reinforcement of real-world scenarios,
     high-quality data, general-purpose models and ecosystem collaboration, the Group has
     gradually formed a continuous iterative closed loop of “massive data – standardised
     governance – model capabilities – system integration – clinical feedback”. This has also
     promoted the upgrade of AI from a single-disease assisted tool to workflow capabilities
     embedded in image quality control, film reading and diagnosis, structured reporting,
     critical value alerts and follow-up support, accelerating the Group’s transformation from
     a medical imaging service provider into a builder of a digital and intelligent healthcare
     ecosystem.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   7
    FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


    3.     Accelerated penetration of individual empowerment services, with the asset-light
           model driving scaled expansion. During the Reporting Period, we continued to promote
           the scaled expansion of the individual empowerment product system, with the cumulative
           number of customers covered by individual empowerment products increasing from 813
           in 2025 to 1,088. Among them, remote diagnosis, as a core service module, delivered
           outstanding performance, with business volume achieving exponential growth, fully
           demonstrating the high flexibility and rapid replicability of the asset-light service model.
           The continuous expansion of the individual empowerment product matrix promoted cross-
           regional collaboration between the capabilities of senior experts and primary-level imaging
           needs through remote diagnosis, quality control, AI applications and standardised training,
           and enabled the output of individual services to be gradually upgraded into replicable
           and sustainably operable platform-based empowerment, driving the penetration of service
           capabilities into a broader range of medical institutions, enriching the asset-light service
           matrix, and further strengthening the synergies among the three business segments.

    4.     Steady advancement of overseas business and continued deepening of global layout.
           During the Reporting Period, we continued to advance overseas market expansion under
           the strategy of “China model + local adaptation”. On the basis of the overseas expansion
           of imaging centre capabilities and solution services, we began to explore the overseas
           expansion of digital-intelligent services, and gradually expanded the integrated capabilities
           of “platform + AI + services”, including remote diagnosis, quality control training and
           localised operations, along the path of “product and service output – data governance and
           standardised process output – platform and ecosystem capability output”. Focusing on
           core capabilities such as AI-assisted diagnosis and imaging cloud platforms, we carried out
           preliminary communications and cooperation alignment with multiple overseas markets.
           The steady advancement of our overseas layout further improved the cross-border output
           system of “products + services + brand”, accumulating momentum for long-term global
           development.




8   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                          FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS


5.   Initiating the strategic layout of mobile healthcare and expanding the new boundaries
     of imaging services. During the Reporting Period, we initiated the strategic layout of
     mobile healthcare, exploring the deployment of imaging examination capabilities closer
     to primary-level institutions and patients in a lightweight and modular manner, thereby
     connecting the “last mile” for the downward penetration of high-quality imaging resources.
     By linking remote diagnosis and AI-assisted diagnosis capabilities, we established a full-
     process closed loop of “online ordering – nearby examination – remote diagnosis – report
     feedback”, promoting the transformation of the examination process from passive waiting
     to proactive outreach. This layout not only extends Imaging Centre Services from fixed
     locations to mobile scenarios, but also enables imaging services to be deeply embedded
     into the online healthcare service ecosystem. Through online demand identification and
     intelligent scheduling, patient locations, examination items and service capabilities are
     matched, while offline examinations and report feedback are further connected with
     specialist consultation, re-examination reminders and health management, promoting
     the “scenarios – empowerment – digital intelligence” closed loop from fixed locations to
     citywide coverage, and truly realising full-chain connectivity from diagnosis to treatment.
     Subsequent to the Reporting Period, the Group officially launched its mobile healthcare
     business and achieved commercial implementation. As of the date of this interim report,
     the mobile healthcare business had cumulatively served more than 10,000 patient visits
     in Beijing, Harbin and Nanyang, marking substantive progress in the Group’s strategic
     extension of its imaging service network from fixed locations to mobile scenarios.

6.   Formation of the Rimag Healthcare Family Ecosystem Alliance, marking the leap from
     a medical service provider to a builder of a healthcare ecosystem. During the Reporting
     Period, we jointly established the “Rimag Healthcare Family” Ecosystem Alliance with
     Medical Image Insights, Xizang Yimai Qingteng Internet Technology Co., Ltd. (西藏一脈
     青藤互聯科技有限公司) (“Rimag Ivy”) and Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
     (漢吉健康管理（ 上海）有限公司) (“Hanji Health”), integrating independently operated
     business units into a deeply synergistic industrial ecosystem community. Leveraging this
     system, medical imaging services, artificial intelligence technologies, internet platforms
     and health management achieved systematic synergy. Imaging centres provide real-world
     scenarios and data entrances; artificial intelligence technologies undertake model research
     and development and workflow applications; internet platforms connect online demand
     with offline services; and health management extends post-diagnosis follow-up and
     continuous services. Full-chain value flows seamlessly among the various business entities,
     marking a substantive step forward in the Group’s strategic leap from a medical imaging
     service provider to a builder of a digital-intelligent healthcare ecosystem.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     I.     BUSINESS REVIEW OVERVIEW
            As a leading specialised medical group in medical imaging and a full-industry-chain
            service platform for medical imaging in China, we are the only pioneer in China to build
            a closed-loop digital-intelligent imaging ecosystem integrating “scenarios + data +
            technology”. Since our successful listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June
            7, 2024, becoming the “first stock of medical imaging services in China”, the Company
            has continued to deepen its strategic deployment and business innovation, and is fully
            committed to building a more efficient, more accessible and smarter medical imaging
            ecosystem service platform.

            We have always adhered to the ecosystem operating logic of “scenarios – empowerment
            – digital intelligence”, continuously deepened the strategic upgrade of our three major
            business segments, and connected the needs of imaging centres, equipment, doctors
            and patients through data, AI and platform capabilities, thereby promoting the evolution
            of scattered business nodes towards data interconnectivity, capability synergy and
            intelligent scheduling. With our nationwide network of imaging centres as the foundation,
            we continued to strengthen imaging centre services, consolidating the core revenue scale
            while continuously generating standardised imaging data and real-world clinical scenarios,
            thereby providing a stable business foundation and high-quality data source for the entire
            ecosystem. We promoted imaging solution services throughout the full life-cycle operation
            and management of equipment, rooting them downward in the operational practices of
            imaging centres and supporting upward the modular output of individual empowerment
            products with standardised components. We drove digital-intelligent services to undertake
            front-end scenario and data accumulation, realise value conversion along the path of “data
            governance – assetisation – AI commercialisation”, and feed back into front-end businesses
            through digital tools and AI capabilities, driving systematic enhancement of operational
            efficiency and diagnostic capabilities. Leveraging the accumulated capabilities of the three
            major segments, we continued to expand the matrix of individual empowerment products
            and accelerated scaled external output through an asset-light and modularised approach.
            At the same time, with overseas markets as strategic pivots, we promoted the cross-
            border extension of full-chain service capabilities and expanded growth potential. During
            the Reporting Period, the gap in revenue contribution among the segments narrowed
            significantly as compared with previous periods. The core scale of imaging centre services,
            the growth momentum of imaging solution services and the value release of digital-
            intelligent services exhibited a distribution pattern moving toward a balanced mix of heavy
            asset and light asset models, with a clearer revenue structure supported by three pillars,
            and growth momentum accelerating towards multi-segment synergistic drivers.




10   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In January 2026, the Beijing Municipal Health Big Data and Policy Research Center
released the first Technical Specification for Anonymisation of Health and Medical Data
(Trial) in China (《健康醫療數據匿名化技術規範 （試行）》), which, for the first time at
the institutional level, clarified the technical standards, implementation procedures and
effectiveness assessment requirements for the anonymisation of health and medical data.
It provided an executable standard basis for the data governance system of the Group’s
digital-intelligent services, facilitating compliant data transactions to move from case-by-
case breakthroughs towards normalised operation. During the same period, the Outline
of the 15th Five-Year Plan (《十五五規劃綱要》) expressly proposed the construction of
high-quality datasets for health and other sectors, and the National Data Administration
continued to promote the construction of trusted data spaces for medical and healthcare
data, thereby broadening the development scope for the Group to participate in the
market-oriented allocation of data elements and unlock long-term value by leveraging its
scaled imaging data resources.

In March 2026, the National Healthcare Security Administration included 12 categories
of AI-assisted diagnostic services, including imaging and pathology, in the nationally
unified Class B catalogue under medical insurance, marking the transition of AI-assisted
diagnosis from technical validation to a normalised payment system. In May 2026, the
Cyberspace Administration of China, the National Development and Reform Commission
and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued the Implementation
Opinions on the Standardised Application and Innovative Development of Agents (《智
能體規範應用與創新發展實施意見》), which expressly identified medical and healthcare
as a key application scenario in the field of people’s livelihood and well-being, and
proposed enhancing the performance of medical auxiliary agents such as medical imaging
analysis, thereby providing an institutional channel for the scaled clinical promotion and
commercialisation of the Group’s AI diagnostic products.

According to the Standards for the Establishment of Medical Imaging Centres of Closely-
knit County Medical Communities (《緊密型縣域醫共體醫學影像中心設置標準》) released
by the National Health Commission in March 2026, medical imaging centres of closely-
knit county medical communities shall be established on an intensive basis by county,
adopting an organisational form that enables equipment sharing, personnel sharing
and data sharing within the county, and in principle, one medical imaging centre shall
be established by relying on the leading hospital. In addition, the Guidelines for the
Construction and Services of Medical Imaging Centres of Closely-knit County Medical
Communities (Trial) (《緊密型縣域醫共體醫學影像中心建設與服務指南 （試行）》) issued
by the General Office of the National Health Commission in May 2026 further provide that,
for counties with two or more county medical communities, the leading hospital of the
county medical community with the strongest overall capabilities and the most optimal
allocation of imaging resources shall be designated as the main medical imaging centre,
while the leading hospitals of other county medical communities may serve as sub-centres
of medical imaging.


                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            In April 2026, the General Office of the State Council issued the Several Measures on
            Accelerating the Construction of a Hierarchical Diagnosis and Treatment System (《關
            於加快建設分級診療體系的若干措施》), which further clarified the promotion of resource
            sharing in medical imaging and other areas, as well as the “distributed examination and
            centralised diagnosis” model. Leveraging closely-knit county medical communities as the
            starting point, it accelerated the extension of high-quality medical resources to the primary
            level, forming deep resonance with the Group’s regional sharing model for imaging
            centres, remote diagnosis capabilities and strategic deployment in Mobile Healthcare. This
            promoted the full-coverage extension of high-quality imaging resources from fixed sites to
            primary-level endpoints, providing sustained policy momentum for the long-term market
            penetration of imaging centre services.

            During the Reporting Period, we generated revenue of approximately RMB513.0 million,
            mainly from: (1) imaging centre services; (2) imaging solution services; and (3) digital-
            intelligent services.

            Imaging Center Services

            As the ecological cornerstone of the Group’s business development and the core scenario
            carrier of digital-intelligent services, imaging center services aim to address industry
            pain points such as uneven distribution of medical imaging resources, weak diagnostic
            capabilities at the grassroots level, and information barriers across institutions. They
            achieve efficient allocation and broad accessibility of high-quality medical imaging
            resources, enhance the quality of grassroots diagnosis and treatment, and improve overall
            industry operational efficiency, thereby building a standardized imaging service system
            covering all scenarios. Various types of imaging centers (flagship imaging centers, regional
            collaborative imaging centers, specialized medical consortium imaging centers, and
            operational management imaging centers), regardless of differences in business scenarios
            and service content, all undertake key functions such as high-quality imaging data
            production and AI commercialization, serving as important scenario support for the Group’s
            digital-intelligent transformation. Together, they lay a solid foundation for data asset-
            based operations, technological innovation iteration, and industry ecosystem synergy.
            With the industry’s deepening understanding of the functions of third-party independent
            imaging centres, imaging centres are gradually assuming an upgraded role from traditional
            diagnostic and treatment service nodes to regional imaging empowerment platforms. They
            are further undertaking the functions of scenario entrances, data entrances and intelligent
            collaboration hubs for regional imaging services, connecting the capabilities of higher-
            level experts with the medical needs at the primary level through remote diagnosis, AI
            assistance, quality control and data governance, and gradually extending services from
            examination and diagnosis to treatment assessment, comparative review and follow-up
            management.




12   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On this basis, the Group’s imaging centre network is further evolving beyond individual
diagnostic and treatment nodes to undertake functions such as examination collaboration,
data interconnectivity, mutual recognition of reports, follow-up management and
intelligent scheduling, gradually forming regional digital-intelligent imaging service hubs
that connect the needs of medical institutions, doctors, equipment, AI and patients.

During the Reporting Period, revenue generated from our imaging centre services
amounted to approximately RMB262.6 million, representing (i) a decrease of 12.4%
from approximately RMB299.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025; and (ii) a
period-on-period increase of 3.3% from approximately RMB254.2 million in the second
half of 2025. The revenue fluctuations were mainly affected by multiple factors, including
fluctuations in the domestic macro environment and adjustments to industry policies.
First, strong regulation of the medical industry continued to be advanced on a regular
basis, and the order of the medical industry remained in a stage of deepening reform
and adjustment. Second, medical insurance reform continued to deepen, and relevant
payment policies were optimised and adjusted, exerting a systematic impact on the overall
revenue structure and profit logic of the industry. Third, in 2025, multiple provinces across
China successively introduced policies to adjust the charging standards for medical
imaging examination items. Regional charging adjustments directly had a certain impact
on the short-term revenue level of the domestic imaging centre segment. As the Company
actively responded to policy changes and optimised its business structure and service
model, revenue from the relevant businesses has gradually recovered and achieved steady
improvement since 2026.

Facing the continued downward pressure on the overall macro economy and changes
in the medical industry environment, we proactively adjusted the operating strategy of
imaging centres, shifting from scale expansion to refined operation. On the revenue side,
by expanding diversified service systems such as specialised disease screening and
health management, and gradually extending the service chain to treatment assessment,
comparative review and follow-up management, we continued to broaden revenue
sources. On the efficiency side, we deepened the application of AI-assisted diagnosis and
intelligent quality control tools, driving systematic enhancement in operational efficiency
and gross profit margin. On the model side, we accelerated the output of asset-light
capabilities and enhanced the self-sustaining capabilities and risk resilience of small and
medium-sized centres through modularised approaches such as remote diagnosis, AI SaaS
subscription and specialised disease closed-loop construction. Through three-dimensional
efforts, we offset external policy pressure with refined operation, providing support for the
stable operation of imaging centre revenue.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            For the six months ended June 30, 2026, we newly developed 6 imaging centre projects,
            commenced operation of 6 imaging centres, including the operation of the Five Shared
            Centres Project in Beichen, Tianjin, and renewed the operation of 1 imaging centre. As of
            June 30, 2026, our medical imaging centre network had deeply covered 20 provinces,
            autonomous regions and municipalities in China, forming a scaled and intensive operation
            matrix. As of June 30, 2026, we commenced operation of 6 imaging centres (as determined
            by the signing of operation confirmation letters), comprising 1 regional shared imaging
            centre, 2 specialty medical consortium imaging centres and 3 operation management
            imaging centres. As of June 30, 2026, the Company operated a total of 118 imaging
            centres, comprising 10 flagship imaging centres, 30 regional shared imaging centres, 60
            specialty medical consortium imaging centres and 18 operation management imaging
            centres. As of June 30, 2026, the Company held a total of 34 valid medical institution
            practising licences.

            Imaging Solution Services

            As the core vehicle of the Group’s asset-light strategy, imaging solution services
            comprise imaging equipment solutions and individual empowerment products (imaging
            capability enhancement services and remote diagnosis), representing the extension and
            externalisation of the capabilities of imaging centre services. Centred on the full life-cycle
            operation and management of medical imaging equipment, and in line with the industry
            trend whereby equipment suppliers are upgrading from hardware delivery to the output
            of integrated capabilities of “equipment + AI + platform”, imaging solution services focus
            on addressing industry pain points such as the relatively low utilisation rate of imaging
            equipment at medical institutions, insufficient professional operational and technical
            support capabilities, and incomplete equipment-related service systems. They provide
            full-chain solutions covering equipment selection and configuration, infrastructure
            renovation, professional training, equipment repair and maintenance, and supporting
            services of the Rimag Cloud platform. During the Reporting Period, we continued to
            deepen the upgrade of the imaging solution service system by breaking down services
            into standardised and independently combinable asset-light individual empowerment
            products, covering capabilities such as equipment management, remote diagnosis, quality
            control, professional training, information platform and AI applications. This supports
            medical institutions at different levels in accessing regional collaborative services and
            continuous platform empowerment. Through a service model of “standardised output +
            customised combination”, we effectively lowered the threshold for medical institutions to
            adopt our services, precisely matched the personalised needs of customers at different
            levels, continuously activated the market adaptability and growth vitality of our services,
            and further consolidated the synergistic development pattern of “imaging centre services
            + solution services”.




14   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Such transformation in industry role is consistent with the extension direction of the
Group’s imaging solution services. Beyond equipment delivery, the Group is able to
further overlay services such as data transmission, AI analysis, structured reporting, remote
operation and maintenance, and continuous upgrades, thereby enhancing the service
depth throughout the full life cycle of individual equipment and strengthening customer
stickiness.


Among the individual empowerment products, remote diagnosis, as a core service
module, delivered outstanding performance. During the Reporting Period, the highest
daily diagnosis volume approached 3,000 anatomical regions, with cumulative diagnosis
volume reaching 276,000 anatomical regions; installation training services were completed
120 times in aggregate, serving three equipment manufacturers, and became an important
incremental driver of the Individual Empowerment Product Portfolio; maintenance products
completed a number of key projects, with a total of 69 third-party project contracts signed,
representing a contract amount of RMB43.6 million, and generated revenue of RMB9.20
million. The rapid growth of the three core modules fully demonstrates the core advantages
of the asset-light model of individual empowerment products — lowering the threshold for
cooperation through standardised modules, adapting to diversified needs through flexible
combinations, and achieving economies of scale through rapid replication. Without the
need for heavy-asset investment, the Group is able to efficiently export its accumulated
imaging operation capabilities to medical institutions at all levels.


During the Reporting Period, revenue generated from our imaging solution services
amounted to approximately RMB228.0 million, representing (i) a year-on-year increase
of 40.3% from approximately RMB162.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025;
and (ii) a period-on-period increase of 75.3% from approximately RMB130.1 million in the
second half of 2025.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            The growth in revenue from imaging solution services was driven by the dual engines
            of equipment solutions and individual empowerment products. On the Equipment
            Solutions front, the in-depth advancement of the hierarchical diagnosis and treatment
            system continued to unleash demand for equipment configuration and upgrades among
            primary healthcare institutions, and the Group precisely captured market opportunities
            by leveraging its mature full-chain service capabilities, ranging from equipment selection
            to information technology support; on the individual empowerment products front, the
            accelerated scaling-up of core service modules drove a rapid increase in revenue scale; in
            addition, the Group leverages Empowerment Solution Services as a key implementation
            lever for its various business initiatives. On the one hand, it continued to penetrate
            lower-tier markets, expanded its customer base across different levels, including public
            hospitals at various levels and primary healthcare institutions, and further tapped into the
            recurring needs of existing medical institutions; on the other hand, it actively participated
            in tendering and bidding for centralised procurement of medical equipment in various
            regions and, leveraging its mature integrated package delivery capabilities, won a number
            of major centralised procurement contracts, with both the number of implemented projects
            and the size of individual contracts increasing simultaneously, and the scale of project
            delivery expanding steadily. Meanwhile, the continuous expansion of customer coverage
            further strengthened the foundation for growth, with cumulative covered customers
            increasing from 813 as at the end of 2025 to 1,088, and both the penetration breadth of
            the service network and market coverage improving simultaneously.




16   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Digital-Intelligent Services

As the core vehicle for the Group’s strategic upgrade and a future engine for enhancing
core value, digital-intelligent services are highly aligned with national policy directions
such as the Three-Year Action Plan for “Data Elements ×” (2024–2026) (《「數據要素
×」 三年行動計劃 （2024–2026年）》) and the Interim Measures for the Management of
Generative Artificial Intelligence Services (《生成式人工智能服務管理暫行辦法》). These
policies promote the compliant circulation of medical data and the standardised clinical
application of AI technologies, providing solid policy support for business development.
Leveraging our nationwide imaging centre network, we have built a structured imaging
database that is among the largest in scale within domestic single-institution systems,
with an overall data volume of approximately 31.0 million cases of medical imaging data.
We have cumulatively accumulated standardised imaging data and full-modal data,
forming a core entry point for the production of high-quality data. At the same time, we
possess professional data governance capabilities such as data cleansing and structured
annotation, and have established a comprehensive data compliance governance system.
We have completed the public registration of the standard database for the intelligent
medical imaging platform, data resource registration and certification, and compliant
listing of various datasets on data exchanges, thereby opening up the full chain of “data
production – governance – transaction”. In terms of business model, the AI integration
platform can realise value conversion through multiple pathways, including infrastructure
construction and system maintenance, continuous platform operation, imaging
services, data services, model invocation, privatised deployment and joint research and
development. This enables digital-intelligent services to gradually extend from single
project delivery to diversified and sustainable service revenue sources. While deepening its
own value closed loop, digital-intelligent services have promoted the gradual embedding
of AI from single-disease and single-task tools into workflows such as examination protocol
assistance, image quality control, image interpretation and diagnosis, structured reporting,
critical value alerts and post-diagnosis follow-up. Leveraging real-world scenarios,
standardised data and doctor feedback, we have formed an iterative mechanism in which
data governance, model training, product deployment and clinical feedback mutually
reinforce each other. This continuously injects digital-intelligent momentum into imaging
centre services and imaging solution services, driving systematic improvements in the
operational efficiency and diagnostic capabilities of the first two major segments.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Revenue from digital-intelligent services achieved leapfrog growth, with commercial
            value being realised at an accelerated pace. During the Reporting Period, revenue
            generated from our digital-intelligent services amounted to approximately RMB22.5 million,
            representing (i) a year-on-year increase of more than three times from approximately
            RMB4.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025; and (ii) a period-on-period
            increase of 2.7% from approximately RMB21.9 million in the second half of 2025. The
            rapid growth in revenue marked the formal transition of digital-intelligent services from
            the strategic incubation stage to the commercial realisation stage. The revenue growth
            was attributable to the synergistic effects of multiple factors. First, the underlying
            compliance pathway achieved an initial breakthrough. Leveraging the data anonymisation
            specifications of the Beijing Municipal Health Commission, the Group completed its
            first compliant data transaction, validating the full-chain closed loop from resources
            to revenue and opening up an institutional pathway for business scaling. Second, the
            results of strategic upgrade continued to be released. Digital-intelligent services extended
            from single informationisation to an integrated “data + AI” service system, with both the
            richness of the product matrix and the depth of customer coverage improving in tandem.
            Coupled with demand expansion driven by the intensive implementation of industry
            digital-intelligence policies, this promoted a systematic leap in revenue scale. Third, the
            synergistic effects among multiple business segments accelerated in manifestation. While
            continuously providing a high-quality data foundation, the imaging centre network also
            served as the core deployment scenario and clinical validation entry point for digital-
            intelligent products, accelerating the scaled implementation of capabilities such as AI-
            assisted diagnosis. The capability closed loop among the three major segments was
            translated into quantifiable commercial increments.

            Significant progress was made in the field of digital intelligence, with the intellectual
            property matrix continuing to expand. As of June 30, 2026, we had continued to
            deepen technology research and development and achievement transformation in the
            field of digital intelligence, and had cumulatively obtained 122 software copyrights, 2
            medical device product registration certificates and 2 invention patents, with 3 invention
            patent applications pending examination. We have established an intellectual property
            matrix covering all areas including data governance, AI algorithms and information
            platforms, providing solid safeguards for technological innovation and commercialisation
            implementation.




18   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Taking the Lead in Co-building an Industry Trusted Data Space and Consolidating
the Infrastructure for Data Element Circulation. In February 2026, we entered into a
strategic cooperation agreement with Beijing Tengyun Tianxia Technology Co., Ltd. (北京
騰雲天下科技有限公司) and Medical Image Insights to jointly build a trusted data space for
the medical sector. The Action Plan for the Development of Trusted Data Spaces (2024–
2028) (《可信數據空間發展行動計劃 （2024–2028年）》) issued by the National Data
Administration has identified medical and healthcare as a key cultivation area for industry
trusted data spaces, while the Outline of the 15th Five-Year Plan (《十五五規劃綱要》) also
proposes the construction of high-quality datasets for health and other sectors. Under this
policy framework, the three parties will leverage their respective strengths and collaborate
with a clear division of responsibilities to jointly build the first integrated industry trusted
data space in China combining “public data + medical data” around the four major
aspects of “construction, management, operation and services”. This cooperation has
promoted the Group’s upgrade from a recipient of policy benefits to a co-builder of
industry infrastructure, laying a solid platform foundation for subsequent data asset-based
transactions and cross-industry integrated applications.

The strategic upgrade launch conference comprehensively anchored digital-
intelligent transformation, with the brand and ecosystem being renewed and
upgraded. In April 2026, we held the Strategic Upgrade and Global Digital-Intelligent
Imaging+ Ecosystem Launch Conference in Shanghai, at which we officially changed our
brand identity from RIMAG to RIMAG AI. We anchored our new positioning as a “builder
of digital-intelligent medical infrastructure, a driver of medical service transformation and
a founder of the industry ecosystem”, marking the Group’s strategic leap from a medical
imaging service provider to a leader in the digital-intelligent medical ecosystem. During
the same period, we announced our plan to increase our shareholding in Medical Image
Insights to 25.3647%, thereby reinforcing the technological foundation of the “scenarios
– data – AI” closed loop. We also publicly elaborated on the “Imaging AI Super Factory
Intelligent Manufacturing System” for the first time, proposing an industrial paradigm
under which foundation models drive the batch research and development of AI products.
The above initiatives established a strategic framework for the Group’s digital-intelligent
transformation across three dimensions, namely brand positioning, capital deployment and
technological pathway, and also provided systematic support for the subsequent scaled
implementation of AI products and ecosystem synergy.




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Scaled implementation of the Cranial CT Super Agent was achieved, with the AI
            product matrix expanding at an accelerated pace. During the same period, “Dr. Xiaojun
            2.0 — Cranial CT Super Agent”, jointly developed by our incubated Medical Image
            Insights and Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University, was officially launched.
            Leveraging Medical Image Insights’ self-developed “Medical Image Insights Miya” full-
            modal medical imaging foundation model, the product covers 94 cranial diseases, and
            requires only one minute to generate a report. Since its launch, AI invocation volume
            has rapidly exceeded 25,000 cases within 60 days. It has been fully rolled out across all
            flagship centres of the Group and the internet hospital platform, and medical imaging
            diagnosis operations are delivered via a “human-machine collaboration” model. In
            June 2026, the product was awarded the “2026 China AI Agent Pioneer — Innovative
            Agent for Industry Application”. The successful launch of the first product validated the
            complete pathway from foundation model research and development to scaled clinical
            implementation, and also opened up room for the AI product matrix to extend to a broader
            scope. Based on the validated technology platform and clinical feedback system, multi-
            anatomical-site AI-assisted diagnostic products, including chest CT, knee joint MR and
            aortic CTA, have entered the research and development pipeline and are expected to
            be launched successively within the year. Leveraging the “Imaging AI Super Factory
            Intelligent Manufacturing System”, the Group is progressing from a single-product
            breakthrough towards the batch production of multi-anatomical-site and multi-modal AI
            products, continuously expanding the clinical coverage and commercial value boundaries
            of medical imaging AI.

            Joint Launch of DoctorBuddy with Tencent to Establish an AI Full-chain Diagnosis
            and Treatment Ecosystem. During the same period, we jointly launched “Digital Doctor
            DoctorBuddy” with Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (騰訊雲計算 （北京）
            有限責任公司), establishing a dual-layer evolution system comprising the “model layer
            + capability layer”. This promotes the extension of AI capabilities from imaging-assisted
            diagnosis to full-process diagnosis and treatment collaboration. The relevant digital doctor
            capabilities can further cover various processes, including pre-examination protocol
            assistance, critical value alerts, structured report generation, follow-up comparison
            and the accumulation of expert experience. On the research front, we conducted in-
            depth cooperation with Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University on the “Rare
            Disease Digital Doctor” project to explore the construction of an intelligent diagnosis and
            treatment system for rare diseases. On the ecosystem front, we reached cooperation with
            United Imaging Healthcare for the joint expansion of overseas markets, co-established
            joint laboratories with Shanghai Jiao Tong University and The University of Hong Kong,
            and jointly launched the “AI DIY Research Cooperation Programme” with leading medical
            institutions including Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Beijing Anzhen Hospital and West China
            Hospital, Sichuan University, thereby accelerating the clinical validation and iteration of AI-
            assisted diagnosis across multiple anatomical sites and disease types.




20   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The first compliant anonymised data transaction was completed, opening up the
commercial closed loop for data assetisation. During the Reporting Period, the high-
quality medical imaging corpus project jointly developed by us and Beijing Jing Data
Group (北京京數集團) completed the full process of data anonymisation, cleansing and
desensitisation. The project strictly benchmarked against the technical specifications
and compliance requirements under the Technical Specification for Anonymisation of
Health and Medical Data (Trial) (《健康醫療數據匿名化技術規範 （試行）》), and passed
the compliance review conducted by an authoritative third-party assessment institution.
At present, the corpus, as a standardised data product, has completed its first transaction,
with a transaction amount of RMB5.613 million. This represented a key leap for medical
data from “resources” to “assets” and then to “products”, and accumulated a compliant
pathway and commercial experience for subsequent scaled data transaction and
circulation.


The data governance system was advanced in depth, with the operating model
upgraded towards platformisation. While opening up the pathway for external data
circulation, we continued to consolidate the internal foundation of data governance.
During the Reporting Period, our seven-level data cleansing governance system achieved
its phased objectives. Level-3 governance (granular image governance) of the Group’s
full-scope data has been completed. Image data for selected examination items is
advancing in an orderly manner toward Level-4 governance (normalisation of reporting
standards), and more than 200,000 annotated AI-Ready Data entries covering various types
of images and reports have been generated, achieving preliminary refined management
of the classification and grading of data assets, with the compliance, usability and value
density of data assets significantly enhanced. In the field of external data operation, we
established a strategic cooperation relationship with Xiamen Medical and Health Data
Co., Ltd. (廈門醫療健康數據有限公司). Based on Xiamen’s citywide medical and health
data platform, we jointly advanced data governance and joint operation, shifting from
the traditional single data delivery model to an in-depth cooperation model of “platform
co-construction, data co-governance and value sharing”. This provided a replicable
benchmark pathway for expanding similar authorised operation businesses for regional
public data.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Integrated One-stop Ecosystem Platform Centered around Our Three Key Business
            Segments


            As a leading specialised medical imaging group and integrated service operator across the
            entire industry chain in China, we focus on the core pain points and diversified needs of
            the medical imaging industry, and have established a comprehensive one-stop ecosystem
            service platform integrating imaging centre services, imaging solution services and
            digital-intelligent services. Our three core business segments form a strategic community
            featuring organic interaction and in-depth synergy, creating a closed-loop empowerment
            and mutually reinforcing collaborative ecosystem in which imaging centre services serve
            as the scenario foundation and core of data production, digital-intelligent services act as
            the technology-driven engine and hub for value mining, and imaging solution services
            function as the carrier for capability output and the link for scenario expansion. This
            ecosystem deeply connects multiple participants across the industry chain, including
            equipment manufacturers, medical institutions at all levels, research institutes, AI
            enterprises and industry partners.

            The three business segments support one another and enable two-way transformation.
            Imaging centres provide digital-intelligent services with real-world scenarios and high-
            quality data. In particular, our mobile healthcare deployment brings imaging examination
            capabilities closer to primary-level healthcare settings and patients in a lightweight and
            modular manner, thereby opening up the “last mile” for the downward flow of high-quality
            resources and further extending scenario boundaries and data access points. digital-
            intelligent services enhance the operating efficiency and service capabilities of imaging
            centres through AI and information technology, while also supporting remote diagnosis
            and intelligent scheduling in mobile scenarios. Imaging solution services, in turn, serve




22   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


        as a bridge for the external output of ecosystem capabilities. Together, these segments
        ultimately form a complete ecological closed loop of “scenarios accumulating data,
        data driving digital intelligence, digital intelligence empowering services, and services
        expanding scenarios”, enabling every participant in the ecosystem to achieve value co-
        creation and efficient mutual success. Viewed from the perspective of industrial evolution,
        the essence of this ecological closed loop lies in the Group’s strategic leap from a single
        diagnosis and treatment service provider to a platform-based role. With imaging centres
        as scenario entry points, digital-intelligent services as the technology engine, imaging
        solutions as the output bridge, and single-site empowerment and mobile healthcare as
        penetration touchpoints, the Group systematically integrates dispersed service capabilities
        into a self-reinforcing and multi-directionally extensible ecosystem platform. The diagram
        below illustrates the integrated one-stop ecosystem platform built around the three major
        business segments:


                                                                                                                         AI Service Providers

                                                                                     AI Technical                   Application
                                                                                        Tools                        Scenario


                                                                             Digital-Intelligent Services
                                                                             Digital-Intelligent   Services
                   Other Participants                                                                                                                                                           Medical Institutions
                                               Industry                                                                                                                        Purchase
                                               Expertise                                                                                                                    Imaging Services

                                                                               Digital-Intelligent        Data         AI Commercialization
                                                                                   Platform              Services           Services
                                  Research                                         Services
                                Achievements                                                                                                                                         Enhance Imaging
                                                                                                                                                                                       Capabilities

                                                       Data Assets                    Connection                 Smart
                                                        and Data                       to Cloud              Technology and                        Data Upload
                                                        Services                       Platform                 Big Data
                                                                                                                                                                 Data Assets
                                                                                                                Services
                                                                                                                                                                  and Data
                                                                                                        Accumulate
                                                                                                                                                                  Services
                                                                                                                                            Imaging
 Innovative model                                                 Imaging Center
                                                                                                           Core
                                                                                                        Capabilities                      Empowerment                                                           Technological
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   hnolog
(Regional sharing model)                                             Services                               and
                                                                                                         Transform
                                                                                                                                            Solutions                                                            Innovation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   novati
                                                                                                            to
                                                                                                         Solutions                                                                                            (Data-driven services)
                                                                                                                                                                                           Purchase
                             Installation of                                                                               Equipment       SeInfrastructure         Analysis of             Imaging
                                                                                                                          Selection and      Renovation          Clinical Imaging
                              Services and             Flagship      Regional     Specialized Medical
                                                                                                                          Configuration        rvices              Capabilities           Services and
                                                                    Collaborative    Consortium                                                                                              Health
                               Software
                                Systems                                                                                                                                                   Management

                                                                                                      Extend to More            Quality     Training of       Repair and
                                                              Operational     Mobile                 Imaging Centers            Control    Medical Staff      Maintenance
                                                              Management      Healthcare

                                        Imaging                                                                                                                                     Accurate
                                       Equipment                                                                                                                                    Diagnosis



                  Imaging Equipment                                                                                                                                                     Patients and Other
                      Providers                                                      Smart                          Specialized                                                        Healthcare Consumers
                                                                                  Workstation                         Clinical
                                                                                  and Training                      Knowledge
                                                                                   Programs                          and Skills



                                                                                                                        Radiologists and Other
                                                                                                                        Medical Professionals




                                                                                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026                                                               23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Formation of a Unique “Scenario-Data-AI” Closed-loop Ecosystem for Medical Imaging
            AI Industry Applications

            Building on the trinity-based one-stop ecosystem platform, the Group has deepened
            the implementation of its “technology + data + industry” strategy and established a full-
            chain closed-loop ecosystem extending from its proprietary imaging centre network to
            the commercial application of AI foundation models. In doing so, the Group has taken the
            lead in opening up the core pathway for the scaled implementation of medical imaging
            AI across the industry. The core value logic lies in the organic integration of high-quality
            data production entry points at the physical layer, algorithm and model research and
            development at the technology layer, and in-depth scenario adaptation at the application
            layer, thereby forming a complete AI industry closed loop of “scenarios – data – AI”. By
            incorporating standardised governance, product implementation and doctor feedback into
            the same continuous iteration chain, the Group is shaping a benchmark paradigm for “AI +
            healthcare” in industrial applications, providing core support for the strategic upgrade of
            digital-intelligent services.

            At the scenario layer, the Group’s network of 118 medical imaging centres across 20
            provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China serves not only as a natural
            entry point for the production of massive volumes of high-quality medical imaging data,
            but also as the core terminal scenario for the implementation and validation of AI products,
            covering processes such as examination, image interpretation, report generation, quality
            control and doctor feedback. This unique advantage of “data-scenario integration”
            fundamentally addresses the long-standing industry pain points in the medical AI sector,
            namely data silos and the disconnection between data and application scenarios, thereby
            laying a solid scenario foundation for the ecological closed loop. At the same time,
            through innovative models such as “one licence for multiple sites” and “regional sharing”,
            the Group continues to expand the boundaries of scenario coverage and the scale of data
            production.

            At the data layer, relying on the scaled operation of its nationwide imaging centre network,
            the Group generates and has accumulated approximately 31 million cases of imaging
            data, building one of the largest structured imaging databases within a single institutional
            system in China. Leveraging its full-process governance capabilities, including professional
            data cleansing, structured annotation and anonymisation, the Group has taken the lead in
            completing anonymised data assessment and initiated the establishment of an industry
            trusted data space, continuously strengthening infrastructure support for compliant data
            circulation. Relevant data products have been listed on data exchanges in compliance
            with applicable requirements and achieved commercial monetisation, and have obtained
            multiple compliance certifications, including the Data Resource Registration Certificate
            (《數據資源登記證書》). Strictly quality-controlled special disease datasets offer higher
            annotation accuracy and clinical consistency than open-source datasets, effectively
            breaking through the generalisation bottleneck of traditional AI models caused by data
            noise, providing high-quality “fuel” for algorithm and model training, and driving the in-
            depth transformation of data resources into data assets.




24   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


At the AI model layer, Medical Image Insights’ self-developed full-modal medical imaging
foundation model, “Medical Image Insights Miya”, has completed algorithm filing. Built on
this foundation model, the “Imaging AI Super Factory Intelligent Manufacturing System”
was officially launched during the Reporting Period, driving the leap of medical imaging
AI from single-disease models to a batch R&D paradigm powered by foundation models.
Combined with image-text alignment and an AI-DIY toolchain, the system supports the
extended training of AI capabilities at the anatomical-site, examination-item and disease
levels. Under this system, the Cranial CT Super Agent jointly developed by Medical
Image Insights and Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University was the first to be
implemented. Adopting a “foundation model + AI Agent” architecture, it enables the direct
generation of structured reports from images, keeps data within hospitals, and achieves
full-stack autonomy and controllability. The product has progressed from the clinical
validation stage to the scaled application stage, and was awarded the “2026 China AI
Agent Pioneer — Innovative Agent for Industry Application”.

Meanwhile, multi-anatomical-site AI-assisted diagnostic products, including abdominal
CT, knee joint MR and aortic CTA, have entered the research and development pipeline. In
addition, Medical Image Insights and The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University
jointly launched the research and development of “Gugan Foundation Model”, the first
osteoarticular imaging foundation model in China based on multi-sequence MRI data.
Medical Image Insights also co-established a joint laboratory with the School of Computing
and Data Science of The University of Hong Kong, focusing on long-term scientific
research cooperation in medical image foundation models and multimodal data fusion,
thereby continuously strengthening its fundamental AI research capabilities. This shift in
industrial paradigm is also reflected in the extension of AI capabilities from single-algorithm
accuracy to data governance, standards development, model training, system integration
and clinical workflow adaptation, with real-world scenario feedback driving continuous
iteration of models and products. In essence, this mirrors the industry trend of medical
imaging AI evolving from hardware tool development towards ecosystem empowerment.
The core competitive dimensions of AI vendors are shifting from single-algorithm accuracy
to systematic integration with imaging equipment, clinical workflows and the operating
systems of medical institutions, forming a new ecosystem empowerment model integrating
hardware and AI.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            At the application layer, the Group’s proprietary imaging centre network, medical
            institutions covered by its imaging solution services, and diversified customers empowered
            by its digital-intelligent services together constitute the core application scenarios for
            AI products. Relevant AI capabilities can also be further embedded from point-based
            assisted diagnosis into processes such as examination protocol assistance, image quality
            control, image interpretation and diagnosis, critical value alerts and structured report
            generation. The application of medical imaging AI at the imaging diagnosis end can
            substantially enhance the diagnostic capabilities and efficiency of medical institutions,
            while reducing their cost investment in junior imaging doctors. On this basis, the Digital
            Doctor DoctorBuddy jointly launched by the Group and Tencent will further expand
            the boundary of scaled AI application from imaging-assisted diagnosis to full-process
            diagnosis and treatment collaboration through its “one foundation and one platform”
            architecture, “work as training” paradigm and “use as evolution” experience. Based
            on data generated from real-world scenarios, the professional governance process of
            digital-intelligent services feeds back into model iteration, while the foundation model
            continuously optimises algorithm accuracy through an adaptive learning mechanism. This
            further upgrades application products such as assisted diagnostic tools and intelligent
            quality control modules, forming an enhanced closed loop of “data feeding algorithms
            — algorithms optimising services — services generating new data”, thereby enabling the
            continuous iterative upgrade of ecosystem value. Relevant product capabilities can also be
            embedded into workflows such as iSpacs and MIIA-AI, covering scenarios including image
            interpretation assistance, report generation, quality control alerts, follow-up management
            and research support, while doctors’ adoption, modification, disregard and quality control
            feedback are fed back as model optimisation signals. The dynamic operation of this closed
            loop drives end-to-end connectivity from early imaging detection to clinical intervention,
            and then to outcome tracking and data feedback. Real-world data continuously feeds back
            into model optimisation, while optimised AI capabilities precisely match front-end needs,
            thereby achieving a positive cycle and sustained amplification of ecosystem value.

            As the value of AI providers extends from single algorithms to foundation models, data
            governance, system integration and clinical workflows, the Group can leverage Medical
            Image Insights’ technical capabilities and its own scenario, data and doctor resources to
            establish a closed loop spanning research and development, validation, deployment and
            feedback iteration, thereby shortening the implementation cycle of multi-anatomical-site AI
            products.




26   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The diagram below illustrates the medical imaging AI industrial application ecosystem
closed loop centred on scenarios – data – AI:




Other Business Highlights

Mobile Healthcare Business Division

During the Reporting Period, we formally established the Mobile Healthcare Business
Division and commenced our strategic deployment in mobile healthcare, exploring the
extension of medical imaging service capabilities from fixed sites to mobile scenarios.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            At present, the traditional healthcare service system remains centred on fixed medical
            institutions, where patients must “go to hospitals” in order to access imaging diagnostic
            services. This underlying logic is facing structural challenges in a new phase marked
            by accelerated population ageing, relatively weak primary-level healthcare resources
            and rising demand for proactive health management. A large population requiring
            imaging screening has not been effectively covered by the existing service network
            due to geographical distance, time costs or mobility constraints. The essence of mobile
            healthcare is precisely to address this structural contradiction. It no longer requires “people
            to follow services”, but instead enables “services to follow people”, releasing medical
            imaging capabilities from brick-and-mortar facilities and embedding them into real-life
            and workplace scenarios such as communities, enterprises, villages and emergency sites.
            Meanwhile, the technological integration of 5G communications, AI-assisted diagnosis
            and vehicle-mounted imaging equipment has reached a level suitable for commercial
            deployment. Demand for scenarios such as early lung cancer screening, cardiovascular
            and cerebrovascular disease screening, occupational health management and emergency
            medical rescue continues to rise, and the industrial conditions required to bring this
            transformation from concept to practical implementation are largely in place. Our decision
            to take the lead in establishing the Mobile Healthcare Business Division at this juncture is
            not only a reasonable response to market demand, but also a forward-looking positioning
            in anticipation of the long-term shift in the healthcare service paradigm from “passive
            waiting” to “proactive reach”. The objective is to accumulate first-mover advantages,
            operational experience and benchmark cases for future scaled promotion.

            For the Group, the value of this strategic deployment is not confined to the addition of
            a new business segment, but lies in the systematic activation and reconstruction of its
            existing capabilities.

            First, mobile healthcare extends the reach of imaging centre services from fixed sites to
            scenarios such as communities, enterprises, villages and emergency sites, completing
            the all-domain coverage puzzle of the “scenario – empowerment – digital intelligence”
            ecological closed loop from fixed to mobile settings, and from in-hospital to out-of-hospital
            scenarios.




28   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Second, after imaging acquisition is completed at the mobile end, the remote diagnosis
platform undertakes data transmission, AI-assisted preliminary screening, expert remote
review and the real-time return of reports. This process connects imaging centres, remote
diagnosis and the Rimag Cloud platform into a seamlessly integrated capability chain,
enabling the Group’s digital intelligence capabilities to move from being “online” in front
of a screen to being “on-site” at the point of service delivery.

Third, mobile healthcare delivers services in an asset-light and modular manner, which is
consistent with the core philosophy of “standardised output + customised combination”
underpinning single-site empowerment products, and verifies the replicability of the
Group’s asset-light model in mobile scenarios.

Fourth, within the current online healthcare ecosystem, internet hospitals have
largely covered the full process of online consultation, electronic prescriptions and
pharmaceutical delivery, but imaging examinations remain a core break point in online
healthcare. Mobile healthcare brings examination capabilities closer to patients and,
by linking remote diagnosis and AI-assisted capabilities, builds a full-chain closed loop
of “online order placement – nearby examination – remote diagnosis – report return”.
In addition, internet platforms can further undertake online demand identification and
intelligent scheduling, while returned reports are connected with specialist consultation,
follow-up reminders, treatment coordination and health management. This enables
imaging services to be deeply embedded into the online healthcare ecosystem and
promotes genuine end-to-end connectivity from diagnosis to treatment.

Mobile healthcare is not an isolated new business, but a key step in the natural extension
of the Group’s existing capability system into new scenarios. Subsequent to the Reporting
Period, the Group formally launched its mobile healthcare business and achieved
commercial implementation. Relying on lightweight and modular mobile imaging
examination units, the Group has rapidly opened up the “last mile” for the downward flow
of high-quality imaging resources and built a full-process closed loop of “online order
placement – nearby examination – remote diagnosis – report return”. As at the date of
this interim report, the mobile healthcare business had cumulatively served over 10,000
patient visits, marking substantive progress in the strategic extension of the Group’s
imaging service network from fixed sites to mobile scenarios. Looking ahead, mobile
healthcare is expected to move from the current strategic deployment phase into a phase
of scaled volume growth, and to become another growth engine for the Group following
imaging centre services, imaging solution services and digital-intelligent services, further
strengthening Rimag’s strategic upgrade from a medical imaging service provider to an all-
domain digital intelligence healthcare ecosystem builder.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Overseas Business Division

            In the face of ongoing policy adjustments in the domestic healthcare industry, we have
            continued to advance our strategic transformation, positioning overseas markets as a core
            strategic pivot for navigating industry cycles and achieving sustainable growth, while
            firmly accelerating our global deployment. Leveraging the full-industry-chain integrated
            empowerment capabilities, standardised operating system, and cost-effective products
            and services developed in the domestic market, we have continued to promote global
            expansion under the strategy of “China model + local adaptation”. During the Reporting
            Period, our overseas business recorded revenue of approximately RMB6.6 million. We
            continued to deepen our presence in key markets including Africa, the Middle East,
            Southeast Asia, Hong Kong and Macau, with core businesses progressing steadily.

            Building on the business foundation and delivery experience established in the African
            market at an earlier stage, we continued to intensify our in-depth exploration of structural
            demand and systematic deployment in the region. The development of imaging
            infrastructure in Africa has long lagged behind, with severe shortages in both equipment
            ownership and the density of professional talent. As a result, there is an urgent demand for
            comprehensive solutions that are cost-effective and capable of rapid deployment. This is
            highly aligned with the Group’s core capabilities accumulated in areas such as equipment
            full-lifecycle management, remote diagnosis technology and standardised training
            systems. We are using an asset-light model as the entry point, focusing on areas such as
            second-hand medical equipment configuration, AI-assisted diagnosis, and empowerment
            of medical, technical and nursing talent. We are conducting in-depth demand matching
            and model validation with more regional partners, exploring the integration of domestically
            proven equipment supply, technology empowerment and talent training into a
            package solution, and promoting the extension of the African market from point-based
            breakthroughs to scaled expansion.

            In the Hong Kong and Macao markets, we established in-depth cooperation with EC
            Healthcare (醫思健康） , a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2138),
            focusing on the Hong Kong medical imaging centre market. Leveraging its local channel
            advantages and brand presence, we explored operating models for developed markets
            with relatively controlled investment, promoted the penetration of the Group’s core
            products, imaging operation system and standardised service capabilities in the Hong
            Kong market, and used Hong Kong and Macau as strategic footholds to radiate and drive
            business expansion into Southeast Asia and surrounding regions.




30   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In terms of capability export, we opened up a new exploration direction during the
Reporting Period. Focusing on digital intelligence core capabilities such as AI-assisted
diagnosis and imaging cloud platforms, we began preliminary communication with
potential partners in multiple countries and regions. While this direction remains at an
early stage of demand validation and model exploration, its strategic significance lies in
extending the export of the Group’s capabilities from front-end equipment and operating
services to back-end data and AI value layers. This will promote the upgrade of overseas
business from “products + services” to “technology + ecosystem”, building deeper
advantages for long-term differentiated competition in overseas markets.


While focusing on key markets such as Hong Kong and Macao, Africa, and Central and
Eastern Europe, we also continued to track structural opportunities in regions such as
Southeast Asia, Europe and Central Asia. We maintained preliminary communication and
demand matching with potential partners in multiple countries and regions in areas such
as imaging centre operation, AI-assisted diagnosis and digital intelligence solution output.
The Group will continue to increase resource investment and deepen its deployment in
key regions, firmly promoting the comprehensive overseas export of the full-industry-
chain integrated empowerment capabilities, asset-light service model, standardised
operating system, core technological advantages and brand influence accumulated in the
domestic market. The Group will adhere to the core strategy of “relying on the ultimate
cost-performance advantage of China’s manufacturing industry, prioritising services and
making moderate investments”, focusing on building a solid and in-depth presence in the
Hong Kong and Macao markets and accelerating breakthroughs in the African and Central
and Eastern European markets. We will continue to improve our global business layout,
comprehensively enhance our competitiveness in international markets, and fully promote
the high-quality and scaled growth of our overseas business. In doing so, we aim to
progressively realise the development vision of “focusing on global resources and making
health borderless”, providing solid support for the Group to build a diversified revenue
structure, smooth out industry cycle fluctuations and achieve long-term sustainable
development.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Individual Empowerment Products


            We position individual empowerment products as an important vehicle for the external
            empowerment of the three core business segments. They also play a key role in flexibly
            reaching the market, efficiently covering customers and reserving opportunities for
            cooperation on large-scale projects, marking the standardised upgrade of the product
            systems across the three segments of imaging centre services, imaging solution services
            and digital-intelligent services. With “modular output + ecosystem expansion” as the
            core logic, the Group has deeply integrated the core capabilities of the three business
            segments, and decomposed, refined and standardised them into more than 30 lightweight
            modular products that can be independently deployed and freely combined. This has
            created a flexible service model of “standardised output + customised combination”,
            enabling the integrated and lightweight output of capabilities across the three business
            segments. It not only effectively improves market response efficiency and lowers the
            threshold for customer cooperation, but also enables various types of medical institutions
            to conveniently access the Group’s core full-industry-chain service support without having
            to connect separately with each business segment, fully demonstrating the Group’s
            business synergy advantages.

            Leveraging the asset-light and highly flexible product attributes, as well as the core
            advantages of integrated empowerment across the three business segments, individual
            empowerment products have continued to achieve broad customer coverage and rapid
            penetration. The cumulative number of customers covered increased from 813 as at
            the end of 2025 to 1,088. During the Reporting Period, the three core modules each
            demonstrated strong growth momentum in their respective tracks. Remote diagnosis, with
            its cross-regional and standardised service delivery capabilities, recorded a single-day
            peak of nearly 3,000 anatomical sites, undertaking the imaging diagnosis needs of primary-
            level and private medical institutions at scale, and becoming the most explosive growth
            driver within the single-site empowerment system. Driven by multiple key projects, the
            maintenance business expanded the scope of its services from individual equipment repair
            to preventive maintenance, information system connection and full-lifecycle management,
            with both average order value and customer stickiness improving. Installation training,
            through high-frequency and broad-coverage outreach, continued to lower the cooperation
            threshold for new customers and generated a significant market entry effect. The three
            modules have advanced in sequence and complemented one another, jointly forming
            a synergistic growth pattern of “remote diagnosis driving traffic, installation training
            expanding customers, and maintenance services deepening engagement”.




32   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           The establishment and implementation of the individual empowerment product
           system have further enriched the Group’s asset-light service matrix and strengthened
           the integrated synergy among the three core business segments. Its core value lies in
           systematically transforming the core capabilities accumulated by the Group over more
           than a decade of imaging operation practice into productised, modularised and scaled
           offerings. Through standardisation, the cooperation threshold is lowered; through
           flexible combinations, diversified needs are met; and through rapid replication, scale
           effects are achieved. This builds a positive mechanism whereby lightweight products
           reach customers, integrated capabilities serve customers, and real demand feeds back
           into product iteration and business synergy. This system enables the lightweight and
           integrated external output of capabilities across the three business segments, leaving
           ample room for subsequent market scale expansion, cooperation project incubation and
           improvement of the Group’s overall synergistic competitiveness. It provides strong support
           for the implementation of the Group’s asset-light strategy, the upgrade of digital-intelligent
           services, and the high-quality and sustainable development of its overall business.


                                         Remote Diagnosis/Consultation Service for Radiology Departments                                                                                  Single Repair, Single Maintenance, Labor and
                                                                                                                                                                                          Technical Warranty, Gold Warranty,
                                                  Nuclear Medicine Remote Diagnosis Services                                                                                              Platinum Warranty, Worry-free Relocation
                                                                                                                                                 Repair and
                          Provincial and National Expert Remote Consulting Services                                                              Maintenance                                      Report on Current Status of Hospital
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Construction Management Capabilities
       Diagnostic Services are Limited                                  Platform                                                                                                                  and Suggestions for Improvement
             to Doctors in the Centers                                Cooperation                Medical Imaging         Medical Equipment                   Consulting                              Overall Assessment Report on
                                                                                                  Empowerment                Full Life                                                               Current Status of Imaging Centers
                                                                                                                                                             Services
                                                                Cloud Films                         Services               Cycle Service                       Design Consulting                       Computer Room or Functional Area
                                                                                                                                                               Services                                Assessment Report
                                             Refined Management System                                                                                           Construction Consulting
                                                                                                                                                                 Services                                New Built Imaging Center Plan
                                                 Quality Control System                Information and                                                             Certificate Consulting                Report (With Drawings)

                                                AI Integrated Platform
                                                                                          Intelligent
                                                                                           Solutions           Individual             Medical Construction
                                                                                                                                                                   Services                               Construction Drawing Design
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Optimization Report and Construction
                                              ISPACS System Platform
                                                     Medical Imaging
                                                                                                              Empowerment             Professional Service
                                                                                                                                       Integrated Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Budget Report (Including Bidding List)
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Construction Supervision Report
                                                 Data Assetization and
                                                  Application Platform
                                                                                     Integrated Quality
                                                                                    Control Management
                                                                                                                Products                                                                                  (Weekly or Monthly)
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Completion Acceptance Report
Imaging Academy Leadership Program             Regional Interconnectivity                 Solution
                                                 and Mutual Recognition                                                                                                                                  Final Accounts Report
Comprehensive Technical Empowerment                              Platform                                                                                                                               Post-Operation Construction Quality
 Special Technology and Disease-Specific             Remote Consultation                                                                                                                                Inspection Report
                                                                     System                          Empowering          Imaging Peripheral                Consumables
                                Courses
                                                                                                    Medical Imaging        Product Supply                  Sales                                   Decoration, Shielding and Protection
   Stationed by Technicians from Imaging
                      Technology Centers                                RMBA                            Talents            Chain Services               Ancillary                                  Engineering Design Services
      Remote Hosting of Imaging Technology                      Leadership Class                                                                        Equipment                                Structural, Fire Protection and Intelligent
                          Center Equipment                                                                                                                                                       System Design Services
                                                             Comprehensive Technical
 New Imaging Technology Application Training                                                                                                                                                  Commissioned Construction Services and
                                                                     Empowerment
                              Product Solutions                                                                                                                                               Construction Leasing Services
                   Rimag Online Learning Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                        Agency Services for Construction-related Certificates
                               Data Annotation Project

                           MRI DTI Post-Processing Project                                                                                                                       Films, Disposable High-pressure Angiography Injector,
                                                                                                                                                                                 Disposable Closed Intravenous Catheter

                                                                                                                                                                        Magnetic Resonance Coil




                                                                                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026                                                                    33
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     II.    FINANCIAL REVIEW
            Overview

            The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial
            information and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this interim report.

            Revenue

            During the Reporting Period, we primarily generated revenue from three business lines,
            namely: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services; and (iii) digital-intelligent
            services. The following table sets forth the revenue breakdown for the periods indicated:

                                                                                   For the six months
                                                                                    ended June 30,
                                                                                    2026            2025
                                                                                Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000

                                                             Satisfaction of
                                                               performance
                                                               obligation
            Imaging center services                          Point in time         195,426         241,133
            Imaging center services                          Overtime               67,172          58,494

                                                                                   262,598         299,627

            Imaging solution services
            – Imaging equipment and software
                solutions                                    Point in time         210,965         147,545
            – Imaging capability enhancement
                services                                     Overtime               11,343           14,055
            – Remote diagnosis                               Point in time           5,677              907

                                                                                   227,985         162,507

            Digital-intelligent services
            – Sale of products and solutions
                related to data processing                   Point in time          13,423            3,097
            – Digital-intelligent platform services          Overtime                8,439            1,363
            – AI diagnosis services                          Point in time             590              455

                                                                                    22,452            4,915

                                                                                   513,035         467,049



34   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                                                    For the six months
                                                                     ended June 30,
                                                                     2026                  2025
                                                                 Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

– Chinese Mainland                                                  506,410               466,912
– Overseas (including Hong Kong and Macau)                            6,625                   137

                                                                    513,035               467,049


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB513.0
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.8% from approximately RMB467.0 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025.

The increase in the Group’s overall revenue was mainly attributable to the Group’s active
response to the opportunities arising from the industry’s digital intelligence transformation,
its continued development of a digital intelligence medical imaging ecosystem, and the
scaled coverage of its empowerment solution services and digital-intelligent services,
which together drove revenue growth. The growth in the Group’s revenue was mainly
attributable to the following two factors. First, the Group leverages Empowerment Solution
Services as a key implementation lever for its various business initiatives. The Group
continued to penetrate lower-tier markets, broadened its customer base across public
hospitals at various levels, primary healthcare institutions and other medical institutions at
different levels, and further explored the sustained demand of existing medical institutions.
Second, digital-intelligent services achieved systematic progress across four dimensions,
namely data governance, asset monetisation, AI products and ecosystem collaboration.
As a result, revenue from digital-intelligent services achieved leapfrog growth, increasing
by more than 3 times compared with the corresponding period in 2025, with commercial
value being realised at an accelerated pace.

Cost of Sales

During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales primarily comprised trading of medical
equipment, employee benefit expenses and depreciation of property, plant and
equipment. The Group’s cost of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2026 amounted
to approximately RMB390.1 million, representing an increase of 18.3% from approximately
RMB329.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase in cost of sales
was attributable to costs arising from the revenue growth of the imaging solution services.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   35
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Gross Profit and Gross Margin

            Gross profit represents our revenue less cost of sales. As a result of the above factors, the
            Group’s gross profit decreased by 10.4% from approximately RMB137.2 million for the six
            months ended June 30, 2025 to approximately RMB122.9 million for the six months ended
            June 30, 2026.

            Gross profit margin represents our gross profit as a percentage of our revenue. The Group’s
            gross profit margin decreased from 29.4% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to 24.0%
            for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

            The decline in gross profit and gross profit margin, and the slight fluctuation in the overall
            gross profit margin, were mainly attributable to the adjustment of the Company’s business
            structure. As the revenue contribution from lower-margin solution services continued
            to increase, the consolidated gross profit margin declined accordingly. Although the
            gross profit margin recorded a slight short-term decrease, the Company is currently at
            a critical stage of optimising its revenue structure and upgrading its business iteration.
            This fluctuation in gross profit margin represents a phased characteristic arising from
            the Company’s focus on market scale expansion, deepening channel deployment and
            implementing its long-term strategy. It is in line with industry development trends and
            the Company’s growth trajectory. The Company’s overall operating fundamentals remain
            sound, with a stable and positive long-term development trend.

            In response to the changes brought about by the above external policy and competitive
            environment, the Company has proactively focused on refined operational management,
            continued to optimise its cost structure and improve operating efficiency, while also
            launching more high-margin individual empowerment products. The management believes
            that the levels of gross profit and gross profit margin will gradually improve.

            Selling Expenses

            During the Reporting Period, our selling expenses mainly consisted of employee benefit
            expenses for the marketing team and marketing expenses. The Group’s selling expenses
            for the six months ended June 30, 2026 amounted to approximately RMB54.7 million,
            representing an increase of 103.3% from approximately RMB26.9 million for the six months
            ended June 30, 2025. The increase in selling expenses was mainly attributable to, in order
            to align with the expansion of business scale, market development and brand penetration
            needs, the Company continued to intensify its efforts in market channel expansion and
            product marketing and promotion. At the same time, the Company advanced the ongoing
            optimisation of its sales team structure and performance policies, resulting in an increase
            in sales-related labour costs and driving a phased increase in overall selling expenses.
            These efforts have laid a solid foundation for the Company’s continued business scale-up
            and market share enhancement going forward.


36   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Administrative Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses mainly consisted of employee
benefit expenses for management and administrative staff, listing expenses, depreciation
of right-of-use assets, travel expenses, office expenses and entertainment expenses. The
Group’s administrative expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2026 amounted to
approximately RMB113.9 million, representing an increase of 51.9% from approximately
RMB75.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase in administrative
expenses was mainly attributable to the successive grant of share awards to employees
upon the fulfilment of the vesting conditions under the Company’s core employee share
ownership scheme. Pursuant to the relevant requirements of the applicable accounting
standards, the Company accrued and recognised share-based payment expenses in
phases, resulting in an increase in overall expenses for the period and a phased dilutive
impact on net profit for the period.

Research and Development Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our research and development expenses mainly consisted
of employee benefit expenses for technical and R&D staff, depreciation and amortisation,
and travel expenses. The Group’s research and development expenses for the six months
ended June 30, 2026 amounted to approximately RMB16.7 million, representing an
increase of 119.1% from approximately RMB7.6 million for the six months ended June
30, 2025. The increase in research and development expenses was mainly attributable
to the Company’s continued efforts to follow the industry trend of digital intelligence
development, advance its overall digital intelligence strategic deployment and technology
upgrades and iterations, and increase investment in frontier technology research and
development as well as the foundational development of its data governance system. The
continued increase in phased research and development investment has further improved
the Company’s technology and service system, providing solid technical support for the
Company’s business transformation and upgrade as well as its long-term high-quality
development.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   37
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Finance Income and Costs

            During the Reporting Period, our finance income represented interest income from bank
            deposits. Finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on bank borrowings;
            (ii) finance charges on lease liabilities; and (iii) interest expenses on other borrowings. The
            following table sets forth a breakdown of our finance income and costs for the periods
            indicated:

                                                                             For the six months
                                                                              ended June 30,
                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                           Unaudited          Unaudited
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

            Finance income:
            －Interest income from bank deposits                                 4,302              2,931

            Finance costs:
            －Interest expenses on bank borrowings                               (6,228)            (5,016)
            －Interest expenses on other borrowings                              (7,692)            (6,775)
            －Finance expenses on lease liabilities                              (1,837)            (2,690)

                                                                              (15,757)           (14,481)

            Amount capitalized                                                      74                 78

            Total finance costs                                               (15,683)           (14,403)

            Finance costs – net                                               (11,381)           (11,472)


            Our net finance costs for the six months June 30, 2026 amounted to approximately
            RMB11.4 million, which remained broadly stable as compared with approximately RMB11.5
            million for the six months ended June 30, 2025.

            Income Tax Expenses

            During the Reporting Period, our income tax expenses amounted to RMB3.4 million. Our
            income tax expense in respect of our operations in the PRC was subject to the statutory tax
            rate of 25% or preferential tax rate on the assessable profits for the six months ended June
            30, 2026, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.




38   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(Loss)/profit for the period

As a result of the above factors, our profit for the six-month period ended June 30,
2025 of approximately RMB15.8 million decreased by 276.1% to a loss for the six-month
period ended June 30, 2026 of approximately RMB27.9 million. This change was mainly
attributable to the Group’s continued increase in research and development expenditure
on artificial intelligence technologies, along with the in-depth advancement of the Group’s
overall digital intelligence strategy, the continuous development of a digital ecosystem
across the entire medical imaging industry chain and the implementation of its long-
term ecosystem deployment. From a long-term value perspective, the increase in phased
research and development investment will continue to strengthen the Company’s core
technological barriers in AI imaging, enrich its digital-intelligent services product matrix,
and lay a solid technical foundation for the subsequent scaled monetisation of digital-
intelligent services, enhancement of the added value of overall solutions and long-term
market competitiveness. Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, share awards were
successively granted to employees upon the fulfilment of the vesting conditions under the
Company’s core employee share ownership scheme. Pursuant to the relevant requirements
of the applicable accounting standards, the Company accrued and recognised share-
based payment expenses in phases, resulting in an increase in overall expenses for the
period and a phased dilutive impact on net profit for the period. Such expenses represent
strategic human capital incentive costs incurred by the Company to retain core talent and
improve its long-term incentive mechanism. They will not have any adverse impact on
the Company’s operating cash flows or daily business operations. At the same time, they
have effectively strengthened the core team and stimulated team vitality, providing solid
talent support for the Group’s digital intelligence transformation, technology research and
development, and scaled business development, and are beneficial to the Company’s
long-term operational development.

It is noteworthy that, excluding the impact of share-based payment expenses, the Group’s
adjusted financial indicators showed a significant improving trend. The adjusted net
loss narrowed from approximately RMB26.3 million for the six months ended December
31, 2025 to approximately RMB5.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026,
representing a sequential increase of 79.6% (i.e., a 79.6% reduction in loss). Adjusted profit
for the period attributable to owners of the Company turned from a loss of approximately
RMB12.7 million for the six months ended December 31, 2025 to a profit of approximately
RMB8.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a sequential increase
of 167.1%. The sequential improvement in the above-mentioned adjusted indicators fully
demonstrates that the Group’s strategic investments have gradually begun to translate
into enhanced operating benefits, and the profit quality of core businesses is continuously
being restored and strengthened.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   39
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Non-IFRS Measures

                                                                  For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                     2026         2025         Year-on-
                                                                 Unaudited    Unaudited    year change
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000

            Non-IFRS Measures:
            EBITDA                                                  86,846      135,443         (35.9%)
            Adjusted EBITDA                                        109,353      135,443         (19.3%)
            Adjusted net (loss)/profit                              (5,371)      15,834        (133.9%)
            Adjusted profit for the period attributable to
              owners of the Company                                  8,513        16,443        (48.2%)


            To supplement our consolidated statements of profit which are presented in accordance
            with IFRS, we also use EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), which is not required by, or presented
            in accordance with, IFRS.

            We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors and others in
            understanding and evaluating our condensed consolidated interim income statement in
            the same manner as it helps our management. However, our presentation of EBITDA (non-
            IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other
            companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool and,
            as such, it should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for analysis of,
            our consolidated statements of comprehensive income or financial condition as reported
            under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS measures may be defined differently from similar
            terms used by other companies.




40   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) consists of two components: (1) EBITDA (a non-
IFRS measure), which we define as (loss)/profit before income tax plus finance costs,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use assets and
amortisation of intangible assets, less finance income; and (2) adjustments to EBITDA (a
non-IFRS measure), which include share-based payment expenses. These reconciliation
items are non-cash items and do not result in cash outflows.

The table below reconciles our EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure) and adjusted EBITDA (a non-
IFRS measure) to (loss)/profit before income tax under IFRS for the periods indicated:

                                                                 For the six months
                                                                  ended June 30,
                                                                  2026                  2025
                                                              Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

(Loss)/profit before income tax                                   (24,510)               24,490
Add: Finance costs                                                 15,683                14,403
Add: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 78,591                80,444
Add: Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           12,956                17,016
Add: Amortization of intangible assets                              8,428                 2,021
Less: Finance income                                               (4,302)               (2,931)

EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                                         86,846               135,443
Add: share-based payment expenses                                 22,507                     –
Adjusted EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                               109,353               135,443




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            We define adjusted net (loss)/profit (a non-IFRS measure) as (loss)/profit for the period
            adjusted for share-based payment expenses. We adjust for these items for the same
            reasons as discussed above in relation to adjusted EBITDA (a non-IFRS measure). The
            table below reconciles our adjusted net (loss)/profit (a non-IFRS measure) to the financial
            measure under IFRS, being our (loss)/profit for the periods indicated:

                                                                            For the six months
                                                                             ended June 30,
                                                                             2026               2025
                                                                         Unaudited          Unaudited
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000

            (Loss)/profit for the period                                     (27,878)            15,834
            Add: share-based payment expenses                                 22,507                  –
            Adjusted net (loss)/profit                                        (5,371)            15,834


            Capital Management

            We monitor capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing the capital
            structure. Our objectives when managing capital are to safeguard our ability to continue
            as a going concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other
            stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the costs of capital.

            Liquidity and Capital Resources

            During the Reporting Period, we funded our working capital primarily from net cash flows
            from operating activities, bank borrowings, finance leases and equity financing. Our net
            cash generated from operating activities mainly consists of loss before income tax adjusted
            for (i) non-cash items, such as net finance costs, depreciation of property, plant and
            equipment and depreciation of right-of-use assets; (ii) the effects of changes in working
            capital, such as contract liabilities, trade payables, other payables and accruals, trade
            receivables and other receivables and prepayments; and (iii) the effects of interest received
            and income tax paid.




42   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As at December 31, 2025 and June 30, 2026, our cash and cash equivalents amounted
to approximately RMB624.0 million and RMB574.9 million, respectively. The decrease
in our cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to the utilisation of existing cash
resources for capital expenditures required for the implementation of newly established
projects, including purchases of property, plant and equipment, construction works and
investments in ancillary equipment.

For the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2026, we recorded net cash flows from
operating activities of approximately RMB96.8 million and RMB-4.9 million, respectively.
The decrease in net cash flows from operating activities was primarily due to the
increase in payments of various taxes, marketing and promotion expenses, research and
development investments and staff costs as the Company continued to strengthen its
digital intelligence deployment and market expansion.

Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

As at June 30, 2026, the total balance of our borrowings was approximately RMB618.7
million, as compared to approximately RMB523.5 million as at December 31, 2025, all
of which were denominated in RMB. Among such borrowings, approximately RMB267.0
million bore interest at fixed rates. As at June 30, 2026, all of our borrowings had been
fully drawn down, and we had no unutilised loan facilities from banks or financial leasing
companies.

The Group’s gearing ratio as at June 30, 2026, calculated as total borrowings divided by
total equity and multiplied by 100%, was 31.6%, representing an increase of 5.5 percentage
points from 26.1% as at December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the gearing ratio further
increased.

Net Current Assets

As at June 30, 2026, our net current assets amounted to approximately RMB745.3 million,
representing a decrease of 13.9% from approximately RMB866.1 million as at December 31,
2025. The decrease in net current assets was primarily due to the Company’s coordinated
efforts to optimise its capital structure, reasonably adjust its gearing level, and moderately
increase the scale of short-term borrowings, which resulted in an increase in current
liabilities.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Currency Risk

            We are engaged in the provision of medical imaging services through the establishment
            of medical imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging
            solution services and digital-intelligent services in the PRC with most of the transactions
            denominated and settled in RMB, which is the functional currency of the Group companies.
            Therefore, our foreign exchange risk is limited. We currently do not have a foreign currency
            hedging policy, and manage the foreign currency risk by closely monitoring the movement
            of the foreign currency rates. As at June 30, 2026, we had no material foreign currency
            denominated assets and liabilities. Therefore, we did not have any significant foreign
            exchange risk.

            Significant Investments/Future Plans in Relation to Significant Investments or Capital
            Assets

            As of June 30, 2026, the Group held a significant investment in Medical Image Insights, the
            value of which accounted for more than 5% of the Group’s total assets. Established in 2020
            and located in Shanghai, Medical Image Insights is an emerging technology enterprise
            focusing on the integration and research and development of medical imaging AI. It is
            committed to providing imaging physicians with AI-and statistical-based medical imaging
            assistance tools and self-developed medical imaging AI tools. As of June 30, 2026, the
            Company held 8.5372% of the shares of Medical Image Insights, with a corresponding
            investment cost of RMB83.0 million. The fair value of such investment as of June 30, 2026
            was RMB197.5 million, representing 6.6% of the Group’s total assets. For the six months
            ended June 30, 2026, the fair value gain of Medical Image Insights amounted to RMB100.3
            million, and the dividend income was nil. We will adjust the scale of investment as and
            when appropriate based on Medical Image Insights’s capital planning and the Company’s
            strategy.

            Save as disclosed above, as of June 30, 2026, we did not hold any significant investment
            representing 5% or more of the Group’s total assets.

            As at the date of this interim report, we do not have any future plans for material
            investments or capital assets.




44   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

On April 26, 2026, the Company, Rimag Medical Imaging (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited and Hong
Kong Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited entered into a share purchase agreement I,
pursuant to which Rimag Medical Imaging (Hong Kong) Co., Limited conditionally agreed
to purchase, and Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited conditionally agreed to sell, 100%
equity interest in Hong Kong Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited at a total consideration
of HK$185,377,500.00. On the same date, the Company, Rimag Medical Imaging (Hong
Kong) Co., Limited, Wingon Value No. 4 Limited Partnership Fund (永安價值4號有限合夥
基金) and Wingon Medical Technology Co., Limited (永安醫療科技有限公司) entered into a
share purchase agreement II, pursuant to which Rimag Medical Imaging (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited conditionally agreed to purchase, and Wingon Value No. 4 Limited Partnership
Fund (永安價值4號有限合夥基金) conditionally agreed to sell, 100% equity interest in
Wingon Medical Technology Co., Limited at a total consideration of HK$168,000,000.00.
Hong Kong Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited and Wingon Medical Technology Co.,
Limited held 8.8275% and 8.0000% equity interests in Medical Image Insights, respectively.
Upon completion of the acquisitions, Hong Kong Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited and
Wingon Medical Technology Co., Limited will become indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the Company, and their financial results will be consolidated into the accounts of
the Group. Upon completion, the Company’s aggregate shareholding in Medical Image
Insights, directly and indirectly through Hong Kong Sun Seeds Management Co., Limited
and Wingon Medical Technology Co., Limited, will reach 25.3647%. All the prerequisites
to the acquisition s were fulfilled on August 28, 2026, and the acquisitions have been
completed. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated April 26,
2026 and August 28, 2026.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, we did not have any material
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            Capital Expenditure

            During the Reporting Period, our total capital expenditures amounted to approximately
            RMB77.6 million, which were primarily used for the purchase of equipment and intangible
            assets (such as software).

            Pledge of Assets

            As at June 30, 2026, we had pledged machineries, cash at banks, trade receivables and
            equity of our subsidiaries in aggregate of approximately RMB344.5 million.

            Contingent liabilities

            As at June 30, 2026, we did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantees, legal,
            arbitration or administrative proceedings that were expected to have a material adverse
            effect on our financial position or results of operations.

            Employees and Remuneration Policy

            As at June 30, 2026, we had 808 employees and 582 medical professionals, comprising
            full-time employees and part-time medical professionals. During the Reporting Period,
            our employee benefit expenses amounted to approximately RMB109.0 million (for the six
            months ended June 30, 2025: approximately RMB92.9 million).

            We are committed to establishing competitive and fair remuneration. In order to effectively
            motivate our employees, we continually refine our remuneration and incentive policies
            through market research. We conduct performance evaluation of our employees
            semiannually to provide feedback on their performance. Compensation for our employees
            typically consists of basic salary and a performance-based bonus. We provide social
            insurance plans and housing provident funds in accordance with applicable PRC laws
            and regulations to our employees. We pay great attention to our employees’ welfare, and
            continually improve our welfare system. We offer employees additional benefits such as
            annual leave, stipend, supplementary medical insurance, annuity, health examinations and
            medical insurance for family members, among others.

            To cultivate the quality, knowledge and skill levels of our employees, we continuously
            provide education and training programmes to our employees, including internal and
            external training, to enhance their technical, professional or management skills. We also
            provide training programmes to our employees on a regular basis to ensure that employees
            understand and comply with our policies and procedures in all aspects.




46   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


III.   FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGIES
       1.   Re-understanding Our Stage of Development: Beneath the Curve of Steady
            Growth Lies a Deliberate Phase of Strategic Build-up

            During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained a steady revenue growth
            trajectory. Its imaging centre network continued to expand, scenario-based
            touchpoints became increasingly dense, and data accumulation continued to
            deepen. The Company’s business fundamentals remained healthy, and the certainty
            of its growth was not shaken by fluctuations in the external environment. At the
            same time, a careful observer may notice a certain “time lag” between the revenue
            growth curve and the curve of profit realisation. The Company is currently in a
            critical window period during which its business structure is accelerating its
            transition from “traditional imaging centre services driven by equipment and
            manpower” to “digital-intelligent services driven by data and AI”. The Company
            has maintained a relatively proactive level of investment in areas such as data
            governance systems, AI capability synergies and in-depth scenario development,
            which has exerted a certain degree of pressure on profit realisation in the short term.
            What the management would like to convey clearly is that this does not represent
            a deterioration in operating quality, but rather a forward-looking and proactive
            phase of strategic build-up. It is akin to a fully drawn bow: the process of
            accumulating strength may appear to be “static”, but once the arrow is released,
            the force unleashed will far exceed what could be achieved through steady
            linear progression.

            From the perspective of the Company’s current business mix, its two growth drivers
            are progressing at different rhythms. Traditional imaging centre services, after
            more than a decade of refined operations, have developed relatively stable gross
            profit levels and a mature management system. They serve as the “ballast stone”
            underpinning the Company’s cash flow and economies of scale. However, as
            industry penetration continues to increase, the growth elasticity of this business is
            gradually narrowing at the margin. It is a mature curve — stable, albeit with limited
            room for dramatic upside. By contrast, digital-intelligent services, which cover data
            asset operations, AI capability development and scenario-based output, are still in
            the ramp-up stage of capability building and commercial validation. The iterative
            maturation of models, the scalable reuse of scenarios, and the formation of usage
            habits among customers and partner institutions all require time to be refined. Early-
            stage investment is therefore inevitable. Once these investments are converted into
            capabilities that can be reused at scale, however, their marginal costs are expected
            to decline significantly, while the corresponding profit elasticity may far exceed
            that of the traditional business itself. This is precisely the core logic behind the
            Company’s current willingness to “exchange short-term profit for long-term growth
            slope”.



                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                   More importantly, this round of investment is neither an isolated endeavour nor
                   a closed-door exercise. Rather, it is closely aligned with the national policy cycle
                   for healthcare and the window of opportunity presented by digital intelligence
                   transformation, as further elaborated in the section headed “Strong Policy
                   Resonance” below. As industry penetration continues to rise and AI capabilities
                   increasingly become embedded as infrastructure across various sectors, a historic
                   window is opening. Healthcare, as a fundamental livelihood sector with substantial
                   and continuously growing demand, is naturally one of the most dynamic and
                   imaginative application scenarios in this transformation. The Company’s current
                   strategy of prioritising scenarios and pursuing deep integration is, in essence, aimed
                   at capturing a fleeting window of opportunity. Even though the relevant investments
                   may, in the short term, be reflected more in capability building than in immediate
                   financial statement contributions, the Company remains of the view that their long-
                   term value far outweighs their short-term costs. Looking to the medium to long
                   term, as the revenue mix between traditional services and digital-intelligent services
                   continues to improve, and as the scale effects and reuse efficiency of digital-
                   intelligent services are progressively released, the Company’s overall operating
                   efficiency is expected to improve steadily along with the completion of its structural
                   adjustment. Ultimately, the Company is expected to enter a positive phase in which
                   revenue growth and profit realisation resonate in tandem — which will serve as the
                   best testament to this period of strategic build-up.

            2.     Strategic Positioning: Building on Core Medical Imaging Capabilities to Become
                   a Global Leading Pioneer in the Digital Intelligence Medical Imaging Ecosystem

                   From the perspective of industry evolution, the medical imaging services industry is
                   moving beyond standalone equipment supply, examination or diagnostic services
                   into a new stage jointly driven by real-world clinical scenarios, high-quality imaging
                   data, general model capabilities and ecosystem collaboration. The two-way synergy
                   among equipment providers, medical imaging service providers, healthcare
                   informatisation infrastructure providers, AI medical imaging solution providers and
                   people in need of examinations is enabling imaging services to gradually connect
                   pre-examination management, in-examination collaboration and post-examination
                   empowerment, while extending from one-off examinations to disease screening,
                   clinical diagnosis, treatment assessment, chronic disease follow-up and health
                   management.




48   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Medical imaging is one of the specialist fields in the modern medical evidence
chain with the highest information density and greatest difficulty in standardisation,
and is also among the first to possess the conditions for large-scale intelligent
transformation. With the continued deepening of reforms for the market-oriented
allocation of national data elements, and the accelerated implementation of the “AI+”
initiative in the healthcare sector, competition in the medical imaging industry is
shifting comprehensively from a pure “examination supply” model to competition in
integrated capabilities built around the trinity of “scenarios, data and technology”.
Against this backdrop, the Company has distilled its strategic upgrade during the
Reporting Period into a clear mission — “to enable everyone to enjoy smarter and
more convenient Imaging+ services”. At the current stage, the Company has firmly
anchored its strategic focus on further deepening, refining and strengthening its
core specialist capability in medical imaging. On this basis, it is steadily advancing
towards three roles: a builder of digital intelligence healthcare infrastructure, a driver
of digital intelligence healthcare service transformation, and a cornerstone-builder of
the digital intelligence healthcare industry ecosystem.

The Company believes that medical imaging is both the foundation of its business
and the optimal arena in which data and AI capabilities can first achieve large-scale
validation. Only by first establishing industry-leading network density, professional
depth, diagnostic quality and data quality in the imaging specialty can the Company
lay a truly solid foundation for all subsequent extensions into data asset operations,
AI technology transformation and broader ecosystem development. Based on this
judgement, the Company has refined its core growth flywheel of “scenario + data
+ AI”: real-world imaging examination scenarios across the globe continuously
generate high-quality, multi-modal medical imaging data; massive volumes of data
are used to train and continuously evolve AI models under a compliant governance
framework; and AI capabilities are then fed back into the scenario end to enhance
diagnostic efficiency and service capacity, thereby supporting broader replication
and penetration of scenarios at lower marginal costs. These three elements are
closely interconnected and mutually reinforcing, forming the Company’s unique
competitive barrier that distinguishes it from pure equipment providers or pure
AI technology companies, and representing the Company’s most distinctive
differentiation from its industry peers.




                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   49
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            3.     Strong Policy Resonance: Rimag Stands at the Intersection of National Industrial
                   Policies and Ecosystem Dividends

                   If the “scenario + data + AI” flywheel is the endogenous engine forged by the
                   Company itself, then the top-level Healthy China strategy under the national 15th
                   Five-Year Plan and the accompanying specialised policies intensively introduced
                   at the national level serve as the strong external tailwinds powering this engine. A
                   rare high-frequency resonance is emerging between the Company’s business logic
                   and policy orientation. Such resonance is not a coincidence, but rather the natural
                   outcome of the Company’s forward-looking deployment over the years, and is
                   expected to continue releasing visible dividends over the coming years.

                   (1)    Strategic Upgrade of Healthy China under the 15th Five-Year Plan Opens a
                          Higher Ceiling for the Industry

                          The Outline of the 15th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social
                          Development （《國民經濟和社會發展第十五個五年規劃綱要》） lists “Healthy
                          China” as a standalone chapter for the first time, namely Chapter 39, and
                          proposes a shift “from a treatment-centred approach to a health-centred
                          approach”. This represents a substantive elevation in strategic priority. The
                          Company’s full-chain deployment of “examination–diagnosis–management”,
                          which it has been cultivating for many years, is highly aligned with this
                          direction of transformation. It is no longer centred on an isolated imaging
                          examination, but rather a complete closed loop spanning early screening, early
                          diagnosis, early treatment, follow-up and health management. While policies
                          are opening a higher ceiling for the entire industry, the Company has already
                          laid a solid foundation beneath that ceiling.




50   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   Healthcare Capacity Strengthening Project: Funding Goes to Public
      Hospitals, While the Operational Capability Gap Creates Opportunities for
      the Company

      At the national level, the healthcare capacity strengthening project is being
      vigorously promoted to support the development of 1,000 closely integrated
      county-level medical communities. It is noteworthy that the Setting Standards
      for Medical Imaging Centres of Closely Integrated County-level Medical
      Communities (《緊密型縣域醫共體醫學影像中心設置標準》(WS/T 891–2026)),
      in its section on “Scope”, expressly excludes “independently established
      medical imaging diagnostic centres”. This expression of “exclusion” may
      appear to define a boundary, but in substance it indirectly confirms the
      lawful status of independent third-party imaging centres. More importantly,
      the practical reality is that while the capacity strengthening project provides
      funding to public hospitals, it does not provide them with standardised
      operating procedures, mature quality control systems or sufficient reserves of
      diagnostic talent. Capital investment does not equate to operational capability.
      This is precisely the core competitiveness that the Company has repeatedly
      validated over the past decade or more in places such as Xinyu, Suichuan
      and Fengcheng. The Company is upgrading its role from a single “investment
      and construction provider” to one that places equal emphasis on “equipment
      sales + output of operational management capabilities”. This is not a passive
      response to policy constraints, but rather an active effort to bridge the most
      genuine capability gap in the industry.

(3)   “One Centre per County” and Mutual Recognition of Examination and Test
      Results: Dual Opportunities for Intensive Operation and Value Upgrade

      The principle of “one centre per county” established by the Guidelines
      for the Construction and Services of Medical Imaging Centres of Closely
      Integrated County-level Medical Communities （《緊密型縣域醫共體醫學
      影像中心建設與服務指南》） has opened up a clearly defined incremental
      market for the intensive operation of imaging centres. At the same time, the
      continued advancement of policies on the mutual recognition of examination
      and test results has also objectively reduced the volume of repeated single
      examinations. For the industry, this may appear to be a two-sided trade-off.
      For the Company, however, it represents a clear path for value upgrading. The
      Company is transitioning from a single logic based on “examination volume”
      towards high value-added services that cannot be substituted by mutual
      recognition, such as advanced examinations, AI-assisted diagnosis, imaging
      quality control and remote consultation. By leveraging systematic capabilities,
      the Company seeks to offset the structural decline in total examination volume,
      thereby turning the policy subtraction of “mutual recognition” into an addition
      through service upgrading.

                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   51
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                   (4)    DIP Payment Reform: The Shift of Imaging from a “Profit Centre” to a “Cost
                          Centre” Highlights the Scarce Value of Operational Efficiency

                          With the comprehensive deepening of the DRG/DIP payment reform, imaging
                          examinations are shifting within hospitals from a “profit centre” to a “cost
                          centre”. This means hospitals will have significantly stronger incentives
                          to control imaging costs. For the Company, this is precisely the source of
                          hospitals’ motivation to outsource. When the marginal cost of establishing
                          and operating an in-house imaging department is higher than the service
                          price of outsourcing to a professional third party, companies with cost control
                          capabilities and economies of scale will gain structural opportunities to
                          undertake such services. In the long run, the refined adjustment of the DIP
                          3.0 grouping scheme is effectively screening out a larger market space for
                          institutions with higher operational efficiency.

                   (5)    Clear Access Pathway for AI-assisted Diagnosis and Market-oriented
                          Reform of Data Elements Open Up Assetisation Potential

                          Article 8.4.3 of the standards expressly provides that “medical imaging
                          AI-assisted diagnostic tools certified by the National Medical Products
                          Administration may be applied”, leaving a clear and lawful technical entry
                          point for embedding AI capabilities into primary-level imaging centres.
                          Meanwhile, the Implementation Plan on Promoting the Construction of
                          High-quality Industry Datasets （《關於推進行業高質量數據集建設行動的實
                          施方案》） issued by the National Data Administration explicitly explores
                          assetisation pathways such as “pledge financing of datasets and contribution
                          of datasets as capital”, and defines medical imaging datasets as foundational
                          resources for AI development. These two policy lines provide institutional
                          passes for the Company’s AI capability transformation and data asset
                          operations, respectively.




52   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(6)   The Multiplier Effect of the Industrial Ecosystem Will Continue to Amplify
      as Policies Deepen

      More importantly, the four-in-one industrial ecosystem of “Rimag Healthcare
      Family”, comprising Rimag, Medical Image Insights, Rimag Ivy and Hanji
      Health, fully covers the entire chain of “imaging examination–AI diagnosis–
      service entry point–health management”. This almost mirrors the “full-chain
      services covering prevention, treatment, rehabilitation and management” and
      the shift “from a treatment-centred approach to a health-centred approach”
      advocated under the 15th Five-Year Plan. The Company believes that, as
      policy dividends continue to be released, competition in individual segments
      will gradually give way to competition among full-chain ecosystems. Within
      the Rimag Healthcare Family ecosystem, the deep integration and mutual
      reinforcement of “data–technology–scenarios” will play an increasingly
      important role in the future industrial landscape. This is not merely an
      incremental advantage, but rather the Company’s core bargaining chip in
      participating in the next round of industry reshuffling. The Company’s current
      investments in data governance, AI collaboration and in-depth scenario
      development are, in essence, advance preparations and capability reserves for
      this ecosystem-based competition.




                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   53
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            4.     Rapid Replication and Extension of Scenario Empowerment Solutions: Focusing
                   on Core Medical Imaging Capabilities and Driving In-depth Industry Penetration
                   through “Accessibility + Efficiency + Professional Depth”

                   The penetration rate of the third-party medical imaging industry within the overall
                   healthcare services system remains relatively low. In particular, at primary-level
                   medical institutions, in lower-tier markets and in certain overseas regions, there
                   remains considerable room for improvement in residents’ access to high-quality
                   imaging examinations and diagnostic services. At the current stage, the Company’s
                   foremost task is to build the scenario network, professional capabilities and service
                   experience of medical imaging, its core specialty, to an industry-leading level. Its
                   core orientation is to improve accessibility and efficiency, rather than rushing to
                   expand into disciplines beyond imaging. The Company believes that the most
                   important opportunities in the future of the industry will not lie in scale expansion
                   along a single dimension, but rather in whether core capabilities can be efficiently
                   replicated and extended in depth within the medical imaging track, and translated
                   into tangible service capabilities that cover a broader population, offer a higher level
                   of professionalism and reach more regions. Based on this judgement, the Company
                   has organised the logic for advancing scenario expansion into five interconnected
                   and progressive pathways.

                   (1)    From “Breadth of Coverage” to “Regional Density Barriers”

                          After more than a decade of development, the Company has established 118
                          imaging centres across 20 provinces nationwide and built stable partnerships
                          with more than 1,088 medical institutions, forming an industry-leading offline
                          network foundation. On this basis, the Company’s future regional deployment
                          strategy will place greater emphasis on “horizontal acceleration and becoming
                          the largest local player”. While rapidly forming cluster effects in newly entered
                          regions, the Company will devote greater effort to the in-depth operation
                          of existing advantageous regions. By increasing centre density and brand
                          concentration within a single region, the Company aims to create significant
                          localised economies of scale and referral network stickiness, enabling patients
                          to obtain standardised and high-quality imaging examination and diagnostic
                          services nearby, in less time and at lower cost. The deeper significance of this
                          strategy lies in upgrading the relatively broad expansion metric of “how many
                          provinces have been covered” into an operating metric that better reflects
                          genuine competitive advantages, namely “regional market share and depth of
                          brand penetration”.




54   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   Strengthening the Core of Medical Imaging: From “Broad Coverage” to
      “Deep Specialisation” and “Specialised Disease Clinics”

      While expanding its network, the Company is also placing significant
      emphasis at this stage on the in-depth development of specialist medical
      imaging capabilities. The Company plans to continue increasing investment
      in key subspecialty areas such as neurology, cardiothoracic imaging,
      abdominal imaging, and musculoskeletal and joint imaging, so as to enhance
      its diagnostic capabilities and consultation efficiency for complex and difficult
      cases. At the same time, the Company will promote the integrated application
      of examination modalities, such as combined diagnosis using multi-modal
      imaging including CT and MRI, to support clinical decision-making with more
      complete imaging evidence. In terms of quality management, the Company
      will continue to strengthen its standardised quality control system covering
      the entire process of examination, diagnosis and reporting, and establish and
      improve the training and assessment mechanism for imaging specialists, to
      ensure that all centres within its network can consistently deliver high-quality,
      comparable and reusable diagnostic results.

      Meanwhile, the Company is actively exploring the model of “specialised
      disease clinics”, while simultaneously developing high-quality specialised
      disease subsets. Focusing on disease areas with relatively high incidence rates
      and prominent imaging diagnostic value, such as lung nodule clinics, plaque
      clinics, epilepsy clinics and degenerative osteoarticular disease clinics, the
      Company will integrate imaging examinations, AI-assisted diagnosis, expert
      consultations, report interpretation and follow-up management to create a
      closed-loop specialised disease service covering “examination–diagnosis–
      intervention–follow-up”. The core value of specialised disease clinics lies in
      three aspects: first, using specialised diseases as entry points to aggregate
      high-quality and standardised specialised disease imaging data subsets,
      thereby providing more clinically valuable data “fuel” for the Company’s
      data asset operations and AI model training; second, enhancing patient
      stickiness and revisit rates through specialised disease services, converting
      one-off imaging examinations into ongoing health management relationships;
      third, creating standardised and verifiable solution templates for scenario
      replication by the Company in county-level medical communities and primary-
      level medical institutions once the specialised disease clinic model has been
      successfully validated. The continuous improvement of professional depth
      can directly enhance the trust and stickiness of patients and partner medical
      institutions towards the Company’s brand. At the same time, higher-quality and
      more standardised imaging data itself constitutes the core “fuel” supporting
      the Company’s data asset operations and AI model training. Professional depth
      and data quality are therefore mutually reinforcing and advancing in tandem
      within the core track of medical imaging.

                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   55
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                   (3)    Innovation in Scenario Formats: Enabling “Services to Proactively Reach
                          Patients”

                          To further break through the inherent physical boundaries of brick-and-
                          mortar centres, the Company is actively exploring diversified new scenario
                          formats. Through mobile examination vehicles, the Company can extend
                          standardised imaging services to remote areas and primary-level townships,
                          thereby addressing the dual shortage of local equipment and professional
                          talent. Through an asset-light examination station model based on franchise
                          cooperation similar to the sharing economy, the Company can accelerate
                          the marginal expansion of its scenario network. Through proactive and
                          periodic health management imaging examination services, the Company
                          aims to gradually shift residents’ healthcare-seeking habits from “seeking
                          examinations only when illness occurs” to “undergoing regular proactive
                          examinations”. The common value of these innovative scenarios lies in
                          substantially extending the reachable radius of the Company’s services from
                          urban centres to county-level and lower-tier markets. As a result, industry
                          penetration will no longer be constrained by the physical boundaries of fixed-
                          location centres, but can instead reach previously underserved incremental
                          populations at lower marginal cost and through more flexible organisational
                          formats.

                   (4)    Solution Services: A Flag Breaking the Old Logic, Rather than the Main
                          Strategic Engine at the Current Stage

                          It should be particularly noted that the productised and standardised
                          implementation system that the Company has developed in medical imaging
                          solutions and digital-intelligent services is an important highlight during the
                          Reporting Period and a key marker distinguishing the Company from operators
                          focused solely on imaging centres. This signifies that the Company has broken
                          away from the traditional logic that third-party medical imaging services have
                          long relied upon, namely “improving market penetration simply by opening
                          more centres and expanding locations”. Instead, the Company is exporting
                          its capabilities to the industry in a lighter, faster and more reusable manner.
                          Each successful replication of solution services not only directly contributes
                          incremental revenue, but also simultaneously expands the coverage network
                          of the Company’s scenario operations, forming a close positive feedback
                          loop with the “scenario + data + AI” flywheel. However, the Company also
                          wishes to convey a prudent and clear judgement: solution services are the
                          signal flag and touchstone of this paradigm shift, proving that the Company’s
                          capabilities have reached a productised standard that is replicable and
                          exportable. Nevertheless, at the current stage, they are not the main battlefield
                          of the Company’s strategic investment. The Company’s true core strategic
                          focus remains on deepening and fully refining its specialist medical imaging
                          capabilities, and on building a stronger foundation of regional density and
                          professional depth. Let the flag move first while the main force holds the line —
                          this is the Company’s steady and clear-headed approach at the current stage.

56   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


5.   “Replicating Outwards”: Evolving from an Exporter of Equipment and Services
     into a Global Integrator of Digital Intelligence Medical Imaging Solutions

     The Company has entered into strategic cooperation with major medical imaging
     equipment manufacturers to jointly explore overseas markets. By packaging
     “equipment + scenarios + services + technology” as an integrated offering, the
     Company is exporting its imaging scenario operation model, which has been fully
     validated in the domestic market, to targeted overseas markets, with its initial focus
     on key countries and regions with large population bases and gaps in medical
     resources. The significance of this move goes far beyond a simple step of “business
     going global”. What the Company truly seeks to demonstrate to the global market is
     its capability to leverage medical imaging services as a fulcrum to export a complete
     set of digital-intelligent services solutions embodying “Chinese efficiency”.

     (1)   Supply Chain Integrator: From “Selling Equipment” to “Configuring
           Equipment, Processes and Talent”

           Unlike traditional equipment trade exports, the core asset that the Company
           has truly accumulated and is now exporting in this international deployment
           is a complete capability system spanning “equipment selection–infrastructure
           renovation–informatisation systems–AI toolchains–talent training–operation
           management”. This means that the Company is, in effect, assuming a role with
           greater strategic depth — an organiser and integrator of the global medical
           imaging supply chain. Upstream, the Company connects with domestic and
           overseas equipment manufacturers and technology partners such as United
           Imaging, Neusoft, GE, Philips and Huawei, giving it the bargaining power
           and selection capability to flexibly configure the optimal equipment portfolio
           without being tied to any single brand. Downstream, the Company packages
           this supply chain capability together with its localised operational experience
           and embeds it directly into the healthcare infrastructure development of
           target markets. Compared with pure equipment trading or service export, this
           role as a “supply chain integrator” offers stronger resilience across cycles,
           higher customer stickiness and more enduring influence. Once the Company
           has completed the establishment of a supply chain system in a regional
           market, subsequent repeat purchases of consumables, system operation and
           maintenance, and iterative upgrades of AI capabilities will continue to generate
           sticky revenue, creating long-term value lock-in that is difficult to replace.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   57
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                   (2)    Exporting Packaged Digital Intelligence Capabilities: Selling “Scarce
                          Capabilities” to the World

                          What offers even greater room for imagination than equipment and service
                          trade is the packaged digital intelligence capability products, centred on
                          data and AI, that the Company is exporting to the global market. These
                          include a standardised imaging data governance system, an AI-assisted
                          diagnostic toolchain refined through tens of millions of real-world cases, and
                          an intelligent agent platform supporting remote diagnosis and collaborative
                          image interpretation. The Company believes that such “soft capability”
                          products are precisely the scarce resources generally lacking in overseas
                          markets today. Many overseas medical institutions and government health
                          departments are constrained either by insufficient local data scale and
                          immature annotation systems, making it difficult for them to independently
                          train imaging AI models with genuine clinical value, or by weak informatisation
                          infrastructure, meaning that even where advanced equipment is introduced,
                          they are still unable to develop corresponding data governance and intelligent
                          diagnostic capabilities. Leveraging Rimag’s years of accumulated imaging
                          scenarios and Medical Image Insights’ MIIA foundation model, the Company
                          has taken the lead in completing full-chain packaging and productisation
                          across “data–model–application”. It is able to deliver this complete set of
                          digital intelligence capabilities embodying “Chinese efficiency” to overseas
                          customers at a cost and within a timeframe far below what would be required
                          for overseas institutions to develop such capabilities independently. This is not
                          merely a product export, but a global supply of “scarce capabilities”. It is also
                          the Company’s core bargaining chip that distinguishes it from pure equipment
                          traders and enables it to secure genuine long-term pricing power.




58   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(3)   Dual-track Cooperation Pathway: Building Credibility with Universities
      in Developed Countries and Efficiency with Governments and Private
      Healthcare Providers in Less-developed Regions

      The Company’s overseas expansion pathway is not a single-dimensional
      market development approach. Rather, it is consciously building a dual-track
      cooperation system combining “validation and implementation”. On the one
      hand, the Company is actively engaging with higher education institutions
      and leading medical research institutions in developed countries and regions
      to carry out in-depth collaboration around clinical validation of AI models,
      multi-centre scientific research cooperation and international authoritative
      certifications such as CE and FDA. The core value of such cooperation does
      not lie in short-term revenue contribution, but in leveraging the credibility
      endorsement of the international academic system to establish a globally
      recognised “certificate of trust” for the Company’s AI capabilities and data
      governance system, thereby removing access and trust barriers for subsequent
      commercialisation on a broader scale. On the other hand, the Company is
      actively engaging with government health authorities and private healthcare
      groups in less-developed and emerging markets such as Southeast Asia,
      the Middle East and Africa. Focusing on their core demands of “improving
      diagnostic and treatment efficiency and addressing shortages of professional
      talent”, the Company enters these markets with an integrated solution of
      “equipment + services + AI + operations”, helping local healthcare systems
      achieve a leap in imaging diagnostic capabilities at lower cost and within a
      shorter timeframe. The former pathway strengthens technological credibility,
      while the latter validates commercial scalability. The two pathways support
      and reinforce each other, jointly opening incremental business space for the
      Company’s digital intelligence globalisation.

      Looking ahead, the Company plans to expand from initial reference points
      to broader coverage. After validating the business model in the first batch of
      target markets, it will gradually expand the coverage of its overseas scenario
      network and concurrently advance the deployment of industry qualification
      certifications, thereby opening institutional pathways for the global replication
      of the Company’s overall supply chain and digital intelligence capability
      system. This is not merely an expansion of the Company’s revenue map, but
      also a key strategic move for the Company to secure long-term pricing power
      and influence in the global healthcare industry chain. The integrated model
      of “equipment + services + data + AI + operations” that has been successfully
      validated in China is becoming the Company’s core weapon for entering
      emerging markets such as Southeast Asia and the Middle East, while also
      opening the doors to the academic and certification systems of developed
      countries.


                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   59
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            6.     Data Accumulation and Governance: Building Full-chain Capabilities for Medical
                   Imaging Data to Evolve from “Resources” into “Assets”

                   The Company continues to consolidate its scaled advantages in the field of medical
                   imaging data. Leveraging its nationwide imaging centre network, the Company
                   continuously generates massive volumes of high-quality, multi-modal medical
                   imaging data from real-world diagnosis and treatment scenarios. Such data covers
                   a broad spectrum of diseases, is balanced in regional distribution and has strong
                   clinical representativeness, forming a unique resource endowment that distinguishes
                   the Company from purely technology-driven AI companies. The Company deeply
                   recognises that the true release of data asset value does not depend merely on the
                   scale of existing data, but on whether systematic capabilities can be established
                   across the entire process of “production–governance–compliance–transaction”. This
                   also represents the Company’s core barrier that differentiates it from peer institutions
                   that simply possess imaging data, and enables it to take the lead in achieving a
                   closed loop for data commercialisation.

                   (1)    Building a Data Governance System: From “Usable” to “Compliant,
                          Trustworthy and Standardised with Controllable Quality”

                          Focusing on the full data lifecycle, the Company is systematically building a
                          governance system covering the three dimensions of standards, compliance
                          and technology. The Company has established unified standards for
                          medical imaging data collection, annotation and quality control, enhancing
                          the consistency and reusability of data across centres, modalities and
                          disease types. It carries out systematic desensitisation of imaging data and
                          associated clinical data, and promotes the transformation of unstructured
                          imaging materials into structured and computable data formats. Under
                          regulatory innovation frameworks such as the “data sandbox”, the Company
                          is working with data exchanges and data infrastructure operators to jointly
                          build an ecosystem closed loop integrating data supply, compliance
                          supervision and technical support. This is designed to systematically address
                          bottlenecks in data ownership confirmation, compliance, circulation and
                          commercial application. Taking into account the sensitivity, clinical value
                          and application scenarios of different types of data, the Company is also
                          establishing differentiated authorisation, pricing and transaction mechanisms,
                          thereby laying an institutional foundation for the scaled and sustainable
                          commercialisation of data assets.




60   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   Continued Broadening of Data Asset Commercialisation Pathways

      On the basis that the Company has already achieved the listing and trading
      of data products on authoritative data exchanges and completed commercial
      validation of large model training services under a compliant sandbox
      framework, the Company will, in the next stage, focus on expanding the
      category coverage of tradable medical imaging data, enriching the forms
      and granularity of data products, and actively exploring more diversified
      cooperation models with leading technology companies, AI enterprises and
      scientific research institutions in scenarios such as real-world research, model
      training and efficacy evaluation. The Company’s management has identified
      data, data governance capabilities and AI product transformation as three
      core pathways for value monetisation. It believes that after standardisation,
      desensitisation and structuring, the application value of data is expected to
      increase by orders of magnitude. This is precisely the underlying business
      logic supporting the continued rapid growth of the Company’s digital-
      intelligent services segment.

(3)   Participating in the Joint Development of Industry Rules through
      Governance Capabilities

      The Company’s data assetisation practices are highly aligned with policy
      directions at the national level, including the market-oriented allocation reform
      of data elements, compliant circulation of healthcare data and the “AI+”
      initiative. The Company plans to continue deepening its cooperation with data
      exchanges, data infrastructure operators and relevant regulatory authorities,
      and to actively participate in the joint development of medical imaging data
      governance standards, compliance rules and transaction mechanisms. In
      the process of market-oriented allocation of healthcare data elements, the
      Company strives to evolve from a pure data supplier into an industry-influential
      participant in rule-making and exporter of standards, thereby turning
      governance capability itself into a long-term and sustainable competitive
      barrier for the Company.




                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   61
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            7.     Deepening Strategic Shareholding Synergy: Feeding Back the Company’s Own
                   Scenarios and Data Resources into AI Capability Development and Accelerating
                   the Transformation of R&D Achievements into Its Own Business

                   During the Reporting Period, the Company further increased its shareholding in its
                   associated AI technology enterprise, Medical Image Insights, through continued
                   shareholding increases, becoming its second largest shareholder. As a result,
                   the Company’s participation and influence in respect of technology direction
                   and synergy mechanisms have been significantly enhanced. Medical imaging AI
                   requires intensive R&D investment, involves long development cycles and has high
                   professional barriers. Rather than simultaneously building a large-scale independent
                   AI R&D team on its own, the Company is more inclined to deeply bind itself with
                   specialised R&D capabilities through strategic shareholding. This enables the
                   Company to focus its limited resources more effectively on the areas where it has the
                   strongest advantages, namely scenario operation, data governance and commercial
                   implementation. Through “further binding synergy through equity interests”, the
                   Company is able to continuously and steadily introduce iteratable AI capability
                   supply into its own business system.

                   (1)    Feeding Back Real-world Scenarios and High-quality Data into AI R&D
                          Direction

                          The Company continues to use high-quality, standardised and multi-modal
                          medical imaging data generated by its network of more than one hundred
                          imaging centres as the core “fuel” for AI model training and validation. At the
                          same time, relying on its own specialist physician resources, the Company
                          deeply participates in the clinical validation, result calibration and iterative
                          optimisation of models, ensuring that AI R&D achievements are always
                          anchored in real clinical needs rather than remaining at the laboratory
                          stage. By increasing its shareholding, the Company is able to participate
                          more directly in decision-making regarding technology R&D direction and
                          application priorities, and to promote synchronisation between the iteration
                          pace of AI capabilities and the pace of the Company’s own business expansion
                          and scenario extension.




62   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   Promoting the Scaled Transformation of AI Capabilities into the Company’s
      Own Business

      Through its own productisation team, the Company transforms the general
      foundation model capabilities it has obtained into specialist-level applications
      that can be directly deployed across its proprietary imaging centre network.
      It has already achieved significant improvements in diagnostic accuracy
      and report issuance efficiency in several key specialty areas. The Company
      consciously avoids simply packaging AI capabilities as technology
      authorisations or subscription products for external sale. Instead, it places
      greater emphasis on directly embedding capabilities such as AI-guided order
      placement, assisted diagnosis, report generation and follow-up reminders
      into the real workflows of physicians’ daily image interpretation, report
      issuance and follow-up management. In this way, these capabilities become
      collaborative elements that physicians and partner medical institutions
      continuously rely on and find difficult to replace in the diagnosis and treatment
      process. As the depth of embedding and user stickiness continue to increase,
      the Company will also gradually explore charging models that are more closely
      aligned with actual usage value, such as fees based on diagnostic volume,
      outcomes or value-added services, thereby supporting the improvement of
      revenue quality in digital-intelligent services.

(3)   Lowering the Application Threshold for the Company and Its Partner
      Institutions through AI Production Tools

      Relying on the AI R&D toolchain provided by Medical Image Insights, the
      Company and its partner medical institutions can complete the entire closed
      loop from data governance to model training and deployment without having
      to build large-scale AI engineering teams on their own. This model helps the
      Company replicate AI capabilities at scale across its proprietary network and
      extensive partner institutions at lower cost and greater speed. In particular, it
      enables primary-level and relatively resource-constrained partner institutions
      to quickly obtain AI-assisted capabilities approaching the level of leading
      hospitals, thereby amplifying the service capacity and competitive advantages
      of the Company’s overall network.




                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   63
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            8.     Dual Dividends of Human-machine Integration: Digital Intelligence Deployment
                   Enables Traditional Physical Services to Strengthen Both Internally and
                   Externally

                   On the basis of the continued maturation of AI foundation models and specialty-
                   specific application capabilities, the Company has identified the promotion of a
                   human-machine integrated model for diagnosis, treatment and service collaboration
                   as an important focus for the next stage. One judgement merits repeated emphasis:
                   under the current digital Intelligence deployment, the Company’s more than one
                   hundred physical imaging centres across the globe are no longer a “burden” or
                   “objects to be transformed” in the process of digital intelligence transformation.
                   Instead, they have become the first to benefit from the dual dividends brought by
                   digital-intelligent services. Internally, AI capabilities are tangibly driving quality
                   enhancement and efficiency improvement across the existing network. Externally,
                   the Company has already developed the capability to export this capability system in
                   a systematic manner and convert it into a new source of revenue. Digital intelligence
                   is not a cost item for traditional business, but rather its accelerator and amplifier.

                   (1)    Internal Dividend: Human-machine Collaborative Image Interpretation
                          Enables the Existing Network to “Operate More Lightly and Efficiently”

                          Leveraging its own scenario network and AI-assisted image interpretation
                          agent tools, the Company helps primary-level physicians accelerate the
                          improvement of diagnostic efficiency and accuracy towards the standards of
                          leading hospitals. AI agents do not replace physicians’ diagnostic authority.
                          Instead, they serve as efficient “collaborative co-pilots”, providing systematic
                          assistance in lesion identification, key information extraction and structured
                          report generation, thereby enabling physicians to devote more attention to
                          clinical judgement in complex cases and communication with patients. As
                          an important carrier of the Group’s digital services, Rimag Internet Hospital
                          is actively exploring the in-depth application of agents in scenarios such as
                          remote diagnosis and report quality control. In remote diagnosis scenarios,
                          the cranial CT super agent can automatically complete image pre-processing,
                          preliminary lesion screening and draft report generation, allowing remote
                          experts to conduct rapid review and confirmation, reducing the average time
                          required for single-case imaging diagnosis by more than 50%. In report quality
                          control scenarios, the agent can automatically verify the standardisation of
                          terminology, completeness and logical consistency based on the Group’s
                          standardised report templates. The implementation of these capabilities is, in
                          essence, helping the Company’s existing 118 imaging centres and Internet
                          Hospital to “reduce costs and enhance efficiency”, thereby systematically
                          improving the output efficiency of existing assets.



64   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


(2)   External Dividend: Turning Internal Capabilities into Exportable Products
      and Services

      In parallel with “internal efficiency improvement”, this set of capabilities is
      accelerating its transformation into product and service capabilities that can
      be externally priced and exported. The Company is packaging its standardised
      quality control system, AI-assisted image interpretation tools, remote diagnosis
      platform and personnel training mechanism into integrated solutions for
      county-level medical communities, primary-level medical institutions and even
      overseas markets. This echoes the solution services and internationalisation
      output discussed above: the stronger the Company’s digital intelligence
      capabilities, the finer the “product granularity” it can export externally, and
      the greater its pricing space. It can be said that human-machine integration
      is both an internal project for improving the efficiency of the Company’s own
      network and an external engine for incubating its second growth curve. The
      two aspects are mutually reinforcing and form two sides of the same coin.

(3)   Reconstruction of the Diagnosis and Treatment Process: From “Assisting
      Tools” to a “Collaborative Paradigm”

      The Company believes that the deeper significance of human-machine
      integration does not lie in the simple stacking of individual functional modules,
      but in the systematic reconstruction of the entire process of imaging diagnosis
      and reporting. By organically combining physicians’ long-accumulated
      diagnosis and treatment experience with the continuously evolving learning
      capabilities of AI models, diagnostic efficiency, report quality and continuity
      of follow-up are expected to improve simultaneously. The delivery model of
      medical imaging services will also gradually shift from “one-off, discrete and
      passively responsive” to a new paradigm of “continuous, collaborative and
      proactive management”. The continuous enhancement of human-machine
      collaborative capabilities will also directly feed back into the Company’s core
      “scenario + data + AI” flywheel. The popularised application of AI-assisted
      agent tools will help significantly improve the diagnostic and treatment
      capacity of primary-level and newly expanded scenarios. The high-quality
      feedback data generated during collaborative diagnosis and treatment
      between physicians and AI will further enrich the Company’s data governance
      system. A closer and self-reinforcing positive cycle is therefore taking shape
      among scenario expansion, data governance and AI R&D.




                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   65
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


            9.     Summary and Outlook

                   From the perspective of industry development, medical imaging has the attributes of
                   a high-frequency and rigid demand running through disease screening, diagnosis,
                   treatment planning, efficacy evaluation and follow-up management. Population
                   ageing, the burden of chronic diseases and rising demand for early screening will
                   continue to expand the need for imaging examinations and long-term management.
                   At the same time, the relatively limited supply of imaging physicians, uneven
                   distribution of high-quality resources and insufficient diagnostic capabilities at the
                   primary level mean that remote collaboration, regional sharing and AI empowerment
                   are not merely technological upgrades, but have also become practical pathways
                   to enhancing the industry’s supply capacity. As AI evolves from a tool for single-
                   disease identification into a full-process capability covering order placement,
                   scanning, quality control, image interpretation, reporting, clinical decision-making
                   and follow-up, imaging service platforms that possess real-world clinical scenarios,
                   continuous data sources, professional physician networks and entry points for
                   scaled deployment are expected to see their industrial value extend beyond revenue
                   from one-off services to the continuous output of data, platforms and intelligent
                   capabilities.

                   Looking ahead to the second half of the year and beyond, the Company will
                   continue to take “scenario + data + AI” as its core growth flywheel, adhere to medical
                   imaging as its core foundation, and coordinate the deepened implementation of
                   five directions: scenario cultivation, data governance, AI collaboration, human-
                   machine integration and internationalisation output. At the scenario end, the
                   Company will accelerate the development of professional depth, the building of
                   regional density and the landmark replication of solution services, continuously
                   enhancing the breadth and depth of industry penetration. At the data end, it will
                   strengthen governance capability building across the full lifecycle and promote the
                   continuous broadening of data asset commercialisation pathways. At the technology
                   end, it will continue to deepen strategic shareholding synergy and accelerate the
                   transformation and implementation of AI capabilities into its own business. At the
                   ecosystem end, it will actively capture the policy dividends of the 15th Five-Year Plan
                   and the multiplier effect of the four-in-one industrial ecosystem of Rimag Healthcare
                   Family, converting external momentum into endogenous growth drivers. The
                   Company firmly believes that only by first deepening, refining and strengthening
                   medical imaging as its core specialty can its strategic position as a leader in the
                   industry’s digital intelligence transformation be truly consolidated, and only on this
                   basis can it steadily advance towards a longer-term ecosystem vision.




66   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


For the Company, the above industry evolution is redefining the value of its existing
assets. The imaging centre network can not only undertake continuously growing
examination demand, but also serve as the infrastructure for standardised data
production, AI clinical validation and product distribution. Remote diagnosis,
individual empowerment products and mobile healthcare can expand the service
radius without the need for a simultaneous increase in heavy-asset investment.
Meanwhile, Medical Image Insights’ foundation model, AI-DIY and integrated
platform can transform physicians’ experience and data assets into replicable
product capabilities. As the number of medical institutions, examination items
and AI applications connected to the platform increases, the Group is expected
to gradually form diversified revenue sources beyond traditional imaging service
revenue, including platform construction and operation, AI capability invocation,
data governance, private deployment and joint R&D. This will drive the evolution
of the growth model from one driven by network expansion to one jointly driven by
“scenario scale, data accumulation and intelligent capabilities”.

The Company also reiterates that the current-stage mismatch between steady
revenue growth and the pace of release of operating benefits is a natural process
in the business structure adjustment cycle, and represents a strategically chosen
period of waiting rather than any change in operating quality. The bowstring is
drawn fully so that the arrow may fly farther; the Company is building momentum
so that it may advance more steadily in the next stage. As the structural proportion
of traditional services and digital-intelligent services is gradually optimised, and in
particular as the user stickiness and repurchase effects brought by the embedding
of AI capabilities into workflows gradually become apparent, the scale effects of data
governance and the scenario network will continue to be released. Together with the
continued support of the national industrial policy cycle and industrial ecosystem
synergy, the Company expects the relevant investments to gradually enter the
harvest period, with operating benefits expected to improve steadily as the structural
adjustment is completed. The Company will continue to maintain strategic focus
and, while ensuring financial soundness, seize the historic opportunities arising from
healthcare as a vast and continuously growing ultimate demand. It will remain firmly
committed to the creation of long-term value, ensuring that every effort made today
to build momentum becomes the most certain segment of slope on its future growth
curve.




                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
     COMPANY
     During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 255,500 H Shares
     (“Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange, with a total consideration of HK$1,992,255
     (excluding fees). Repurchased Shares have been held as Treasury Shares. Save as disclosed
     above, during the Reporting Period, none of the members of the Group has purchased, sold
     or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale of Treasury Shares).
     However, the trustee of the Company’s share award scheme (existing shares) purchased a total
     of 4,893,500 Shares on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate consideration of HK$35,681,325
     during the Reporting Period in accordance with the rules of the share award scheme (existing
     shares) and the terms of the trust deed.

     As of June 30, 2026, the Company held 5,736,500 Treasury Shares, which are intended to be
     used for payment of part of the consideration for the acquisition of the equity in Medical Image
     Insights. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 26, 2026.
     Such Treasury Shares were fully utilised on August 28, 2026 to settle part of the consideration
     for the acquisition of equity interests in Medical Image Insights. For further details, please refer to
     the announcement of the Company dated August 28, 2026.

     USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
     First Placing

     References are made to the announcements of the Company dated April 25, 2025 and May
     6, 2025, respectively. On April 25, 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into the
     Placing Agreement I with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the Placing Agents have agreed
     to purchase 9,750,000 Placing Shares I at the Placing Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share I
     and place them to not less than six Placees I who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall
     be third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons. The closing price
     of HK$23.50 per H Share was quoted on the Stock Exchange on April 24, 2025, being the last
     trading day prior to the signing of the Placing Agreement I. On May 6, 2025, the Company
     completed the Placing of an aggregate of 9,750,000 Placing Shares I to no less than six Placees I
     at the Placing Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share I pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
     Placing Agreement I. The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the Placing I (after deducting
     the Placing I commission and other relevant costs and expenses of the Placing I) amounted to
     approximately HK$195.00 million and HK$182.29 million, respectively, and the net issue price
     was approximately HK$18.70 per Placing Share I. The net proceeds from the Placing I have been
     and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the section headed
     “Reasons for and Benefits of the Placing and Use of Proceeds” in the announcement of the
     Company dated April 25, 2025, as follows:




68   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


                                                                               Unutilized           Utilized                     Expected
                                         Approximately            Actual     amount as at    amount during         Unutilized    timeline
                                              % of total      amount of        January 1,     the Reporting     amount as at     for unutilized
Intended utilization                      net proceeds     net proceeds            2026              Period    June 30, 2026     amount
                                                            (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

For business investment and mergers               50.0%           91.15             10.67             10.67              0.00 Completed
  and acquisitions, to continue to
  expand the coverage of the Group’s
  imaging center business through
  multiple initiatives such as
  independent investment and
  construction, industrial investment
  and incubation, acquisitions and
  mergers and acquisitions, etc.
For overseas business expansion and               25.0%           45.57             45.57             41.14             4.43 To be utilized by
  layout, to further expand business                                                                                           December 31,
  exploration in overseas markets                                                                                              2026
For data and R&D, to deeply                       15.0%           27.34             18.70              3.67            15.03 To be utilized by
  explore the value of medical                                                                                                 December 31,
  imaging data and build an AI and                                                                                             2026
  intelligence ecosystem
For supplementing general                         10.0%           18.23              1.71              1.71              0.00 Completed
  working capital

Total                                             100%           182.29             76.65             57.19            19.46


The Directors believe that the Placing I will be conducive to strengthening the Group’s liquidity
and financial position, broadening its Shareholder base, optimizing the capital structure of the
Company and supporting the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.

It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
2026. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
conditions.




                                                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026             69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     Second Placing

     References are made to the announcements of the Company dated August 22, 2025 and August
     28, 2025, respectively. On August 22, 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into
     the Placing Agreement II with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the Placing Agents have
     agreed to purchase 35,000,000 Placing Shares II at the Placing Price of HK$16.76 per Placing
     Share II and place them to not less than six Placees II who and whose ultimate beneficial owners
     shall be third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons. The closing
     price of HK$19.16 per H Share was quoted on the Stock Exchange on August 21, 2025, being
     the last trading day prior to the signing of the Placing Agreement II. On August 28, 2025, the
     Company completed the Placing of an aggregate of 35,000,000 Placing Shares II to no less than
     six Placees II at the Placing Price of HK$16.76 per Placing Share II pursuant to the terms and
     conditions of the Placing Agreement II. The gross proceeds and net proceeds from the Placing II
     (after deducting the Placing II commission and other relevant costs and expenses of the Placing
     II) amounted to approximately HK$586.60 million and HK$562.11 million, respectively, and the
     net issue price was approximately HK$16.06 per Placing Share II. The net proceeds from the
     Placing II have been and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed
     in the section headed “Reasons for and Benefits of the Placing and Use of Proceeds” in the
     announcement of the Company dated August 22, 2025, as follows:




70   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


                                                                                 Unutilized           Utilized                     Expected
                                           Approximately            Actual     amount as at    amount during         Unutilized    timeline
                                                % of total      amount of        January 1,     the reporting     amount as at     for unutilized
Intended utilization                        net proceeds     net proceeds            2026              period    June 30, 2026     amount
                                                              (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)

For development in the field of data                40.0%          224.84            133.22              0.00           133.22 To be utilized by
  and AI, to further deeply strengthen                                                                                           December 31,
  our data service capabilities such                                                                                             2028
  as medical imaging data mining,
  annotation and cleaning, and research
  and develop an AI application
  platform and provide application
  scenarios for the entire medical
  imaging process.
For continuously expanding                          30.0%          168.63             69.25             18.25            51.00 To be utilized by
  the Company’s medical                                                                                                          December 31,
  imaging center business and                                                                                                    2028
  empowerment solution business
  through independent investment
  or acquisitions
For participating in the investment                 20.0%          112.42            111.33              0.00           111.33 To be utilized by
  activities or establishing industry                                                                                            December 31,
  incubation funds to invest in                                                                                                  2028
  outstanding medical industry
  enterprises, third parties synergistic
  with the Group’s business resources
For general working capital                         10.0%           56.21             32.50             32.03              0.47 To be utilized by
                                                                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                                                                                  2028

Total                                               100%           562.10            346.30             50.28           296.02




                                                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026             71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     The Directors believe that the Placing II will be conducive to strengthening the Group’s liquidity
     and financial position, broadening its Shareholder base, optimizing the capital structure of the
     Company and supporting the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.

     It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
     2028. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
     view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
     conditions.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the
     management of the Company as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as a
     whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance practices as its own code of corporate
     governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate
     Governance Code.

     Save for the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
     Code, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the
     Corporate Governance Code and met the requirements of the vast majority of the recommended
     provisions on best practices set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code during the
     Reporting Period.

     Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of
     chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same
     individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive shall be
     clearly established and set out in writing.

     During the Reporting Period, Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang assumed the duties and responsibilities of the
     chairman and chief executive officer of the Company. Despite the deviation from Code Provision
     C.2.1 as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Board believes that with
     the support of the management, assuming the roles and responsibilities of the chairman and
     chief executive officer by the same individual can facilitate the implementation of the Group’s
     business strategies and improve its operational efficiency. In addition, under the supervision
     of the Board (currently composed of four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and
     three independent non-executive Directors), the interests of Shareholders will be fully and fairly
     represented. The Board will review this structure from time to time to ensure that appropriate
     actions are taken in a timely manner in response to changing circumstances.

     The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a
     regular basis to ensure compliance with the code provisions and maintain the Company’s high
     standard corporate governance practices.




72   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for dealings in the
Company’s securities by the Directors and relevant employees who may possess inside
information of the Group or the Company by virtue of their office or employment.

Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
during the Reporting Period. In addition, the Company is not aware of any non-compliance with
the Model Code by the members of senior management of the Company during the Reporting
Period.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Subsequent to the reporting period up to the date of this Interim Report, save for the completion
of the acquisitions disclosed in the section “Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries,
Associates and Joint Ventures” of this Interim Report on August 28, 2026, the Company had no
material subsequent events requiring disclosure.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
The Audit Committee consists of three members, including two independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝) and Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲), and one non-executive
Director, namely Mr. MENG Tao (孟滔). The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. WU Xiaohui
(吳曉輝) who holds the appropriate qualification as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the
Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management of the Company the unaudited
condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Group for the six months ended
June 30, 2026. The Audit Committee is of the view that the interim results comply with the
applicable accounting standards and laws and regulations, and that the Company has made
appropriate disclosure thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect to
the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with senior
management of the Company.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Since the beginning of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report, the changes
     in information of the Directors and senior management required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
     13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules are as follows:

     Mr. MENG Tao (孟滔) has served as a director of Maihui Medical Technology (Hong Kong) Limited
     (脈匯醫療科技 （香港） 有限公司) since July 9, 2026.

     Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝) has served as an independent non-executive director of Shandong
     Xinhua Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (山東新華醫療器械股份有限公司)(a company listed on the
     Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600587) since October 28, 2025.

     Save as disclosed above, there was no change in information of the Directors and senior
     management required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective spouses or minor
     children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or had exercised any such rights, to
     acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the Company. No member of
     the Group was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or their respective spouses or
     minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire such rights from any other body corporates.

     For the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Company did not grant any rights to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors or
     their respective spouses or minor children under 18, and none of them has exercised such rights.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
     RULES
     During the Reporting Period, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under
     Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




74   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY
AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2026, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests or short positions which any such Directors and chief executive(s) of the
Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered
in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as
follows:

                                                                                                       Approximate         Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage         percentage
                                                                                      Number         of the relevant         of the total
                 Position in the                Nature of                          and type of      type of Shares(1)   issued Shares(1)
Name             Company                        interest                          Shares held(1)                  (%)                 (%)

CHEN Zhaoyang    Chairman of the Board,         Interest in controlled              18,042,791                 6.13                4.50
 (陳朝陽)(2)         Executive Director              corporation                       H Shares (L)
                  and Chief Executive
                  Officer
                                                Beneficial interest                   1,046,000                0.36                0.26
                                                                                     H Shares (L)
                                                Interest in controlled               39,625,297               37.06                9.88
                                                  corporation                 Unlisted Shares (L)

HE Yingfei       Executive Director, Vice       Beneficial interest                    716,000                 0.24                0.18
 (何英飛)             President, Joint                                                 H Shares (L)
                   Company Secretary
                   and Secretary to the Board

FENG Xie         Executive Director, Vice       Beneficial interest                    495,000                 0.17                0.12
  (馮勰)             President and Chief                                              H Shares (L)
                   Financial Officer

LI Feiyu         Executive Director             Beneficial interest                    450,000                 0.15                0.11
   (李飛宇)                                                                            H Shares (L)




                                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026                  75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     Notes:


     (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 401,061,832 Shares (comprising 106,933,758 Unlisted
              Shares and 294,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2026.


     (2)      As of June 30, 2026, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly held
              57,668,088 Shares (comprising 18,042,791 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general partner is
              Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 57,668,088 Shares held by Ganjiang
              New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


     (3)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, to the best of the Company’s knowledge,
     information and belief, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had or was
     deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures
     of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept
     by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the
     Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




76   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at June 30, 2026, to the best knowledge of the Directors or chief executives of the Company,
the interests or short positions of the following persons (other than the Directors and chief
executives of the Company) in the Shares, underlying Shares of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such persons other than the Directors
and chief executives of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO), or which were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

                                                                                                                Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage        percentage
                                                                                                               of the relevant    of total issued
                                                                                       Number and type       type of Shares(1)          Shares(1)
Name of Shareholder                                         Nature of interest          of Shares held(1)                   (%)                (%)

Ganjiang New Area Rimag(2)                                  Beneficial interest               18,042,791                 6.13               4.50
                                                                                              H Shares (L)
                                                                                              39,625,297                37.06               9.88
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment Beneficial interest                    20,907,814                 7.11               5.21
  Management Partnership (Limited Partnership)                                                H Shares (L)
  (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業（有限合夥))(3)
Ganjiang New Area Innovation Industry Investment Co., Ltd. Beneficial interest                14,558,319                13.61               3.63
  (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公司)(4)                                                                  Unlisted Shares (L)
GU Junjun                                                  Beneficial interest                 9,758,849                 9.13               2.43
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
WANG Shihe                                                  Beneficial interest                9,755,070                 9.12               2.43
                                                                                       Unlisted Shares (L)
Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd.                Beneficial interest                9,317,271                 8.71               2.32
  (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司)(5)                                                                    Unlisted Shares (L)




                                                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026          77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     Notes:


     (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 401,061,832 Shares (comprising 106,933,758 Unlisted
              Shares and 294,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2026.


     (2)      As of June 30, 2026, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly held
              57,668,088 Shares (comprising 18,042,791 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general partner is
              Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 57,668,088 Shares held by Ganjiang
              New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


     (3)      As of June 30, 2026, Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment Management Partnership (Limited
              Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業 （有限合夥)) directly held 20,907,814 H Shares, which is
              79.77% controlled by Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)
              (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業 （有限合夥)) and also 100% controlled by Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port
              Zone Baiyi Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業
              （有限合夥)). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅
              山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業 （有限合夥)) is in turn 99.98% controlled by China Life Insurance Company Limited
              (中國人壽保險股份有限公司). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment Management Partnership
              (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業 （有限合夥)) is in turn 60% controlled by Baidu, Inc.
              (百度集團股份有限公司).


     (4)      As of June 30, 2026, Ganjiang New Area Innovation Industry Investment Co., Ltd. (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公司)
              directly held 14,558,319 Unlisted Shares. It is 100% controlled by Ganjiang New Area Urban Construction Industry
              Co., Ltd. (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司), which is in turn 100% controlled by Ganjiang Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
              (贛江控股集團有限公司), a company 90% controlled by Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集
              團有限公司). Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限公司) is 90% controlled by the State-
              owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會). In
              addition, the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產
              監督管理委員會) is also interested in 1,497,515 Unlisted Shares through its 91.05% controlled Jiangxi State-owned
              Capital Operation Holding Group Co. Ltd (江西省國有資本運營控股集團有限公司).


     (5)      As of June 30, 2026, Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd. (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司) directly held
              9,317,271 Unlisted Shares, a company controlled by Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd. (浙江金科湯姆
              貓文化產業股份有限公司).


     (6)      The letter “L” denotes a long position in the Shares.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, no person (other than the Directors and chief
     executives of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the
     Shares, underlying Shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company or the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be
     entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




78   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The Company has adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) for H Shares of
the Company by a resolution of the Shareholders on October 21, 2024 (the “Adoption Date”).
The Share Award Scheme does not involve the grant of new Shares or options over new Shares
of the Company. However, the Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme funded by
existing Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and shall be subject to the applicable
disclosure requirements under Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.

A summary of the principal rules of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

(A)   Purposes

      The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are:

      (i)     to provide opportunities to own equity interests in the Company so as to attract,
              incentivize and retain skilled and experienced persons to contribute for the future
              development and expansion of the Group;

      (ii)    to improve the Company’s incentive mechanism so as to attract, incentivize and
              retain Directors, Supervisors, senior management, core employees and service
              providers who make strong contributions to the Company’s ongoing operation,
              development and long-term growth; and

      (iii)   to closely align the interests of incentive recipients with the interests of Shareholders,
              investors and the Company, so as to enhance the Company’s cohesion and promote
              the maximization of the Company’s value.

(B)   Duration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years from
      the Adoption Date, after which no further awards (the “Awards”) may be granted, provided
      that the rules of the Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme Rules”) shall remain in full force
      and effect in all other respects for the purpose of vesting any Awards previously granted.




                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (C)    Administration

            The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the following
            administrative bodies:

            (i)     Shareholders’ Meeting. The general meeting of the Shareholders, as the highest
                    organ of authority of the Company, is responsible for the consideration and
                    approval of the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. The general meeting of the
                    Shareholders may authorise the Board and/or the person(s) or a committee of the
                    Board authorised by the Board (the “Authorised Person”) to deal with all relevant
                    matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme to the extent of its authority.

            (ii)    The Board. The Board and/or its Authorised Person is the executive body of the
                    Share Award Scheme, within their respective power of authority. The Board and/or
                    its Authorised Person may handle all matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme
                    within the authorization granted by the meeting of the Shareholders. The Board and/
                    or its Authorised Person may also delegate one or more administrators to assist with
                    the administration of the Share Award Scheme. The decisions of the Board and/or its
                    Authorised Person on all relevant matters relating to the Share Award Scheme within
                    their respective power of authority are final and binding on all persons under the
                    Share Award Scheme.

     (D)    Eligible Participants

            The eligible participants of the Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participant(s)”)
            include:

            (i)     employee participants, who shall be full-time employee of the Group, Director
                    (including independent non-executive Director), Supervisor or senior officer of the
                    Company;

            (ii)    related entity participants, who shall be senior officers of the fellow subsidiaries or
                    associated companies of the Group (other than members of the Group); and

            (iii)   service providers and business partners participants, who shall be the Group’s
                    service providers or suppliers in the ordinary and usual course of business and on a
                    continuing or recurring basis which are in the interests of the long-term growth of the
                    Group, or business partners such as former shareholders of the Group’s acquisition
                    or merger targets.




80   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


No one shall be regarded as an Eligible Participant and granted any Award if there exists
any of the following circumstances on the date of grant of an Award (the “Grant Date”):

(i)     being publicly reprimanded by securities regulators or declared as an unsuitable
        candidate for comparable award scheme or share incentive scheme of any listed
        company in the past 12 months;

(ii)    being penalised by securities regulators or prohibited from trading in securities in
        the past 12 months due to material violation of laws and regulations;

(iii)   being prohibited from acting as director, supervisor or senior management as
        stipulated in the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國
        公司法》) or the Listing Rules;

(iv)    being prohibited from participating in the Share Award Scheme as stipulated by laws
        and regulations; and

(v)     having other material breach of the relevant regulations of the Group or behaviors
        the Board deems seriously detrimental to the interests of the Group.

If, on or before the vesting date of the relevant Awards (the “Vesting Date”), any eligible
participant selected for the grant of Awards (the “Grantee(s)”) ceases to be an Eligible
participant due to resignation, expiration or termination of his/her employment, retirement
upon reaching the statutory retirement age, loss of working capacity due to accidental
injury or accidental death, any H Shares which have been granted to the Grantees (the
“Award Shares”) but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to the trustee
appointed for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme (the “Trustee”) as returned Shares
(the “Returned Share(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine
otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion.

Where the Grantee loses his/her working capacity due to work-related injury or dies due to
work-related reasons, any Award Shares granted but not yet vested shall continue to vest
to the Grantee or the legal personal representative of his/her estate on the Vesting Date as
set forth in the letter of the grant of an Award (the “Grant Letter”), or in accordance with
such other vesting procedures as the Board and/or its Authorised Person may determine,
and the personal performance target shall no longer be a vesting condition of the relevant
Award (the “Vesting Condition(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person
determine otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion.




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


            Where the Grantee changes position or departs due to breach of laws or professional ethics
            or leakage of the Group’s confidential information, damage to the interests or reputation of
            the Group due to misconduct or malfeasance, material breach of any agreement between
            the Group and the Grantee, or any other circumstances determined by the Company
            resulting in termination of the employment contract due to breach of the Group’s relevant
            policies, any Award Shares granted but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to
            the Trustee as Returned Shares, and in the event of material breach or detriment, the Group
            reserves the right to claim suffered losses against such Grantee, unless the Board and/or its
            Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion.

     (E)    Scheme Mandate Limit and Grant of Awards

            The maximum number of Award Shares that can be awarded under the Share Award
            Scheme must not exceed 10% of the number of all Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date
            (which shall be 35,631,183 Shares, representing 7.91% of the total number of issued Shares
            of the Company (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the Latest Practicable Date, the “Scheme
            Mandate Limit”). Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme
            shall not be counted for the purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.

            The maximum number of awards granted to individual Grantee(s) under the Share Award
            Scheme shall not exceed the Scheme Mandate Limit.

            The Company shall issue the Grant Letter to each Grantee, in such form as the Board and/
            or its Authorised Person may from time to time determine, specifying the applicable terms
            of grant, including but not limited to the Grant Date, procedure of accepting the grant of
            Awards, the number of Award Shares, the Vesting Conditions, the Vesting Date and the
            grant price (if applicable) and other details, terms and conditions they think necessary and
            suitable to the Share Award Scheme.




82   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(F)   Limitations

      No grant of Awards may be made in the following circumstances:

      (i)     where necessary approval from applicable regulatory authorities or the meeting of
              Shareholders has not been obtained;

      (ii)    where, unless the Board determines otherwise, any member of the Group is required
              to issue a prospectus or other offering document in accordance with applicable
              securities laws, rules or regulations for the Award or the Share Award Scheme;

      (iii)   where such Award would cause any member of the Group or its Directors to be in
              breach of any applicable securities laws, rules or regulations in any jurisdiction;

      (iv)    where the grant of such Award would result in a breach of the Scheme Mandate
              Limit;

      (v)     after the expiration of the duration or early termination of the Share Award Scheme in
              accordance with the Scheme Rules;

      (vi)    where any Director is in possession of unpublished inside information (as defined in
              the SFO) of the Company, or in the reasonable opinion of the Directors, there exists
              any inside information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.09(2)(a)
              of the Listing Rules and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined in the Listing
              Rules) under Part XIVA of the SFO, or the Directors are prohibited from dealing in
              accordance with the Listing Rules or any applicable laws, rules or regulations;

      (vii)   sixty (60) days immediately preceding the publication date of the annual results of
              the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial year up to
              the publication date of the results; and

      (viii) thirty (30) days immediately preceding the publication date of the quarter results
             (if any) or interim results of the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the
             relevant quarterly or interim period up to the publication date of the results.




                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     (G)    Source of Awards and Fund

            To satisfy the grant of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person shall, so far as
            reasonably practicable, wire transfer the required fund to the Trustee (or instruct the
            Trustee to use the cash income of the trust set up for the purpose of the Share Award
            Scheme (the “Trust”)), and instruct the Trustee to purchase H Shares through on-market or
            off-market transactions.

            The Board and/or its Authorised Person shall also instruct the Trustee on whether to
            use any Returned Shares to satisfy the grant of Awards. The Board and/or its Authorised
            Person may set out any conditions or terms in the instructions given to the Trustee for
            the purchase of H Shares, including but not limited to the specific purchase price or price
            range, the maximum amount of purchase fund and/or the maximum number of H Shares to
            be purchased.

            The source of fund for purchasing the Award Shares shall be the Group’s internal funds or
            the cash income of the Trust.

     (H)    Vesting of Awards

            The vesting of Awards shall be subject to the Company’s performance targets (as
            determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person from time to time with reference
            to the Company’s business performance and financial conditions and the then market
            conditions) and other vesting conditions set forth in the relevant Grant Letter.

            The Vesting Period shall be determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person and set
            forth in the Grant Letter. Each Vesting Period shall be not less than twelve (12) months,
            unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole discretion.

            For the purposes of vesting of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person may instruct
            and procure the Trustee to (i) release the Award Shares from the Trust to the Grantee or (ii)
            sell the Award Shares vested to the Grantee through on-market or off-market transactions
            and pay to the Grantee the actual sale price (after deduction of all applicable expenses) in
            cash.




84   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


(I)   Lapse of Awards

      If any Grantee fails to fulfil the Vesting Conditions, the relevant Award Shares shall be
      immediately forfeited and become the Returned Shares held by the Trustee. The decisions
      of the Board and/or its Authorised Person on whether the Vesting Conditions are fulfilled
      shall be irrevocable and final.

(J)   Voting Rights and Dividends

      Neither the Grantees nor the Trustee may exercise any voting rights attached to any H
      Shares (including any Award Shares granted but not yet vested) held by the Trustee under
      the Trust.

      Any dividend on the Award Shares not yet vested and the Returned Shares shall be
      retained by the Trustee as the cash income of the Trust. Grantees shall be entitled to any
      dividend on vested Award Shares incurred after their vesting.

(K)   Alteration and Termination

      Subject to the Scheme Mandate Limit, any alteration or supplement to the Share Award
      Scheme in any respect shall be made by the resolution of the Board.

      The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of ten (10)
      years from the Adoption Date (except in respect of any Award Shares granted but not yet
      vested prior to the expiration of the Share Award Scheme, to give effect to the vesting of
      such Award Shares, or otherwise provided by the Scheme Rules), and (ii) such date of early
      termination as determined by the Board.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


     As the Share Award Scheme is payable only with existing Shares, no Shares will be available for
     issuance under the Share Award Scheme. As of the date of this interim report, the remaining term
     of the Share Award Scheme is approximately eight years and one month.

     During the six months ended June 30, 2026, details of the awarded shares granted to the
     Directors of the Company, supervisors of significant subsidiaries and employees under the Share
     Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                        Unvested and                                                 Unvested
                                                                           subject to                                             and subject to
                                                                            release of                                               release of
                                                                              lock-up Granted       Vested Cancelled     Lapsed        lock-up
                                                                         condition as during the during the during the during the condition as
                         Relationships                                  of January 1, Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting of June 30,
     Participant         with the Company            Date of grant               2026     Period     Period     Period     Period         2026

     Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang   Chairman of the Board,      January 23, 2026              –    665,000    665,000           –          –             –
                           Executive Director and
                           Chief Executive Officer
     Ms. HE Yingfei      Executive Director          January 23, 2026              – 665,000 665,000                 –          –             –
     Mr. FENG Xie        Executive Director          January 23, 2026              – 450,000 450,000                 –          –             –
     Mr. LI Feiyu        Executive Director          January 23, 2026              – 450,000 450,000                 –          –             –
     Other employees                                 January 23, 2026              – 3,900,000 1,785,000             –    334,000     1,781,000

     Total                                                                         – 6,130,000 4,015,000             –   334,000      1,781,000


     On January 23, 2026, Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang, Ms. HE Yingfei, Mr. FENG Xie and Mr. LI Feiyu, all
     executive Directors of the Company, and Mr. HUANG Junjie, supervisor of a major subsidiary
     of the Company, were granted 665,000, 665,000, 450,000, 450,000 and 450,000 Awarded
     Shares respectively under the Share Award Scheme settled by existing Shares, which represent
     approximately 0.17%, 0.17%, 0.11%, 0.11% and 0.11% of the total issued Shares of the Company
     (excluding Treasury Shares) as at the date of the grant announcement.

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Award Scheme and certain performance
     targets set out in the grant letter, the above Awarded Shares will vest on or before November
     30, 2026, with the specific vesting date subject to the written vesting notice to be issued by the
     Company at the relevant time (which will be deferred if it falls within a blackout period for inside
     information). No participant of the Share Award Scheme has been or will be granted Awarded
     Shares exceeding 1% of the total issued Shares of the Company.




86   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION


No consideration is required to be paid in respect of the grant, and the purchase prices of
6,130,000 Awarded Shares granted during the Reporting Period were determined in accordance
with the terms of the scheme and upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee,
taking into account the Company’s development objectives and the past and expected future
contributions of the grantees. A differentiated incentive arrangement was adopted, whereby
the Company comprehensively assessed the importance and contribution of the grantees and
classified them into Category A and Category B. Grantees with more significant contributions to
the Company were included in Category A and accordingly enjoyed more attractive purchase
prices and quantities, thereby reflecting the principle of aligning incentives with contributions
and value. The purchase price for Category A was HK$3 (or RMB2.8) per Share, while the
purchase price for Category B was HK$5.5 (or RMB5) per Share. The awarded Shares granted to
Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang, Ms. HE Yingfei, Mr. FENG Xie and Mr. LI Feiyu, all executive Directors of the
Company, were priced under Category A.

During the Reporting Period, a total of 4,015,000 Awarded Shares were vested on June 30, 2026.
The closing price per Awarded Share immediately before the grant date was HK$8.31 per share,
and the weighted average closing price immediately before the vesting date was HK$4.8 per
share. The fair value of the Awarded Shares granted as at the grant date was HK$30,025,153. For
the accounting standards and policies adopted in respect thereof, please refer to note 3 in the
interim condensed consolidated financial information in this interim report.

As the Share Award Scheme is satisfied solely by existing Shares, the number of Shares that may
be issued under the scheme divided by the weighted average number of issued Shares during
the Reporting Period is not applicable.

As at the beginning of the Reporting Period, no awarded Shares had been granted under the
Share Award Scheme, and therefore the number of awards available for grant under the Share
Award Scheme as at January 1, 2026, was 35,631,183 Shares. As at June 30, 2026, the number
of awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme was 29,835,183 Shares.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   87
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM INCOME STATEMENT
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026

                                                                        Six months ended June 30,

                                                                 Note       2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

     Revenue                                                      6        513,035           467,049
     Cost of sales                                                        (390,129)         (329,803)

     Gross profit                                                         122,906            137,246

     Selling expenses                                                      (54,661)           (26,892)
     Administrative expenses                                              (113,901)           (74,986)
     Research and development expenses                                     (16,661)            (7,604)
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                             (32,104)            (4,108)
     Other income                                                            2,065              8,015
     Other gains – net                                                      84,319              5,650

     Operating (loss)/profit                                      7         (8,037)           37,321

     Finance income                                               8          4,302              2,931
     Finance costs                                                8        (15,683)           (14,403)

     Finance costs – net                                                   (11,381)           (11,472)

     Share of loss of investments accounted for
       using the equity method                                              (5,092)            (1,359)

     (Loss)/profit before income tax                                       (24,510)           24,490
     Income tax expense                                           9         (3,368)           (8,656)

     (Loss)/profit for the period                                          (27,878)           15,834

     (Loss)/profit for the period attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                 (13,891)           16,443
     Non-controlling interests                                             (13,987)             (609)

                                                                           (27,878)           15,834

     (Loss)/earnings per share attributable to owners
       of the Company for the period
     Basic (expressed in RMB per share)                          10         (0.036)             0.046

     Diluted (expressed in RMB per share)                        10         (0.036)             0.046


     The notes on pages 96 to 131 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
     financial information.




88   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                       Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

(Loss)/profit for the period                                               (27,878)               15,834

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                           (99)                     –

Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the period,
  net of tax                                                                    (99)                     –

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period                           (27,977)               15,834

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the period
  attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                      (13,950)               16,443
Non-controlling interests                                                  (14,027)                 (609)

                                                                           (27,977)               15,834


The notes on pages 96 to 131 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   89
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AS AT JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                            As at          As at
                                                                         June 30,   December 31,
                                                                 Note       2026           2025
                                                                        Unaudited        Audited
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000

     Assets

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                               11       700,373        743,510
     Right-of-use assets                                         11        69,999         81,213
     Intangible assets                                           11       150,050        145,863
     Deferred income tax assets                                            43,129         46,817
     Investments accounted for using the equity method           12        44,993         50,561
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 15       267,796        256,591
     Financial asset at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                      13         2,400          2,400
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       16       257,083        156,442
     Long-term trade receivables                                 14        18,170         21,494
     Restricted cash                                                       19,545          3,400

     Total non-current assets                                           1,573,538      1,508,291

     Current assets
     Financial assets at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                      13         6,964          2,191
     Inventories                                                            5,022          4,553
     Long-term trade receivables – current portion               14        43,033         42,418
     Trade receivables                                           14       635,511        522,016
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 15       133,001        151,198
     Restricted cash                                                        4,119          4,036
     Cash and cash equivalents                                            574,853        623,974

     Total current assets                                               1,402,503      1,350,386

     Total assets                                                       2,976,041      2,858,677




90   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                  AS AT JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                    June 30,        December 31,
                                                   Note                2026                2025
                                                                   Unaudited             Audited
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

EQUITY

Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                        17               401,062               401,062
Treasury shares                                      17               (77,620)              (75,820)
Shares held for employee share scheme                17               (55,394)              (87,285)
Reserves                                             18             2,196,363             2,240,536
Accumulated losses                                                   (500,701)             (486,810)

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                        1,963,710             1,991,683

Non-controlling interests                                               (4,944)               13,298

Total equity                                                        1,958,766             2,004,981

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                           22               301,639               288,660
Lease liabilities                                                      40,912                58,943
Deferred income tax liabilities                                        17,526                21,770
Other non-current liabilities                                               –                    15

Total non-current liabilities                                         360,077               369,388

Current liabilities
Trade and notes payables                             21               143,606                66,521
Other payables and accruals                                            79,337                73,993
Contract liabilities                               6 (c)               12,672                12,133
Current tax liabilities                                                60,250                63,046
Borrowings                                           22               317,027               234,883
Lease liabilities                                                      43,782                33,233
Other non-current liability-current portion                               524                   499

Total current liabilities                                             657,198               484,308

Total liabilities                                                   1,017,275               853,696

Total equity and liabilities                                        2,976,041             2,858,677


The notes on pages 96 to 131 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   91
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                          Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                             Shares held                                                       Non–
                                            Share Treasury for employee                        Accumul–                  controlling
                                      Note capital shares share scheme           Reserves     ated losses    Subtotal      interests   Total equity
                                          RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

     As at January 1, 2026                  401,062   (75,820)       (87,285)    2,240,536      (486,810) 1,991,683          13,298      2,004,981

     Loss for the period                          –         –              –             –        (13,891)    (13,891)      (13,987)       (27,878)
     Other comprehensive loss                     –         –              –           (59)             –         (59)          (40)           (99)

     Total comprehensive loss                     –         –              –           (59)       (13,891)    (13,950)      (14,027)       (27,977)

     Capital injection                            –         –              –             –               –          –           900            900
     Repurchase of shares              17         –    (1,800)       (31,001)            –               –    (32,801)            –        (32,801)
     Dividend distribution                        –         –              –             –               –          –        (1,620)        (1,620)
     Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                                  –         –              –       (14,402)              –    (14,402)       (3,598)       (18,000)
     Share-based payments expenses                –         –              –        22,404               –     22,404           103         22,507
     Shares exercised from employee
       share scheme                               –         –        62,892        (52,116)              –     10,776             –         10,776

     Total transactions with owners               –    (1,800)       31,891        (44,114)              –    (14,023)       (4,215)       (18,238)

     As at June 30, 2026                    401,062   (77,620)       (55,394)    2,196,363      (500,701) 1,963,710          (4,944)     1,958,766




92   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                    FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                        Shares held                                                       Non–
                                       Share Treasury for employee                        Accumul–                  controlling      Total
                                 Note capital shares share scheme             Reserves   ated losses    Subtotal      interests     equity
                                     RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

As at January 1, 2025                  356,312         –        (14,037)     1,603,931     (490,558) 1,455,648          28,383    1,484,031

Loss for the period                          –         –              –              –       16,443       16,443          (609)     15,834

Total comprehensive loss                     –         –              –              –       16,443       16,443          (609)     15,834

Issues of shares placement               9,750         –              –        159,544              –    169,294             –     169,294
Capital injection                            –         –              –              –              –          –         1,210       1,210
Repurchase of shares              17         –   (13,032)       (36,297)             –              –    (49,329)            –     (49,329)
Dividend distribution                        –         –              –              –              –          –        (2,450)     (2,450)
Liquidation of subsidiaries                  –         –              –              –              –          –           (39)        (39)
Disposal of subsidiaries                     –         –              –              –              –          –          (200)       (200)
Acquisition of subsidiaries                  –         –              –              –              –          –        18,966      18,966
Transactions with non-controlling
   interests                      18         –         –              –          1,631              –      1,631       (13,281)     (11,650)

Total transactions with owners           9,750   (13,032)       (36,297)       161,175              –    121,596         4,206     125,802

As at June 30, 2025                    366,062   (13,032)       (50,334)     1,765,106     (474,115) 1,593,687          31,980    1,625,667


The notes on pages 96 to 131 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026           93
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                 Note        2026            2025
                                                                         Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash (used)/generated in operations                                     (2,127)         95,507
     Interest received                                                        4,219           3,761
     Income tax paid                                                         (6,951)         (2,491)

     Net cash (used)/generated from operating
      activities                                                             (4,859)         96,777

     Cash flows from investing activities
     Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                        1,775         (27,828)
     Prepayment of acquisition of subsidiaries                               (1,000)              –
     Investments in associates                                   12               –         (12,720)
     Payment of deposits                                                    (16,789)              –
     Proceeds from disposal of investments in
       joint ventures                                                             –             800
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
       equipment and intangible assets                                        1,310               6
     Cash paid due to disposal of a subsidiary                                    –            (200)
     Loans to related parties                                                     –          (1,000)
     Redemption of financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                 –             600
     Purchases of intangible assets                                          (5,002)         (4,846)
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (55,792)        (18,883)

     Net cash used in investing activities                                  (75,498)        (64,071)




94   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                      Note               2026                  2025
                                                                     Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Gross proceeds from shares placement                                             –            170,291
Capital injection from non-controlling interests in
  subsidiaries                                                                900                1,210
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of
  subsidiaries                                                           (1,620)                (1,470)
Transaction with non-controlling interests                               (3,172)                     –
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                           185,107                 52,640
Repayments of bank borrowings                                           (72,621)               (37,616)
Proceeds from loans from financial leasing
  companies                                                               40,000                36,000
Repayments of loans from financial leasing
  companies                                                              (47,318)              (58,690)
Repayment of loans from related parties                                  (10,045)                    –
Repurchase of shares of the Company                                      (32,801)              (49,329)
Proceeds from exercise of employee share scheme                           10,776                     –
Repayments to non-controlling shareholders due to
  liquidation of subsidiaries                                                  –               (15,950)
Principal elements of lease payments                                     (10,987)              (12,680)
Transaction expenses paid related to issue of
  shares placement                                                        (2,538)                    –
Decrease in restricted cash                                                  561                    44
Interest paid                                                            (13,868)              (11,057)

Net cash generated from financing activities                              42,374                73,393

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash
  equivalents                                                            (37,983)             106,099
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
  period                                                                623,974               262,387

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and
  cash equivalents                                                       (11,138)               (3,757)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period                          574,853               364,729


The notes on pages 96 to 131 form an integral part of this condensed consolidated interim
financial information.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   95
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026

     1      GENERAL INFORMATION
            Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. formerly known as Shenzhen RIMAG Sunshine Medical
            Technology Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company on
            October 30, 2014 in People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The registered office of the
            Company is Room 1002, 10th Floor, No.10 Building Public R&D Centre Xinqi Zhoudong
            Avenue South Chinese Medicine Science and Technology Innovation City Ganjiang New
            District Jiangxi Province, PRC. In June 2021, the Company was converted into a joint stock
            company with limited liabilities. The Company provides medical imaging services through
            the establishment of medical imaging network, as well as imaging solution services and
            digital-intelligence services.

            The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged in
            the providing medical imaging services, imaging solution services and digital-intelligence
            services in the PRC.

            The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
            Kong Limited since June 7, 2024.

            This condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of
            Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated, and was approved for issue by the Board of
            Directors on August 25, 2026.

            This condensed consolidated interim financial information has not been audited but has
            been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

     2      BASIS OF PREPARATION
            This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended June
            30, 2026 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards
            (“IAS”) 34, ‘Interim financial reporting’. The condensed consolidated interim financial
            information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for
            the year ended December 31, 2025, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
            Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).




96   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      Except as described below, the accounting policies applied are consistent with those of
      the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, as described
      in those consolidated financial statements.

      Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be
      applicable to expected total annual earnings.

(a)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group

      A number of new or amended standards and interpretations became applicable for the
      current reporting period. The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or
      make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these standards.

                                                                              Effective for annual
                                                                               periods beginning
      New standards and amendments                                                      on or after

      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Amendments to the classification                  January 1, 2026
        (Amendments)                and measurement of financial
                                    instruments
      Annual improvements project Annual improvements to IFRS                       January 1, 2026
                                    Accounting Standards –
                                    volumes 11
      IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Contracts referencing nature-                     January 1, 2026
        (Amendments)                dependent electricity




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   97
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


     3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     (b)    New standards and amendments not yet adopted

            The following new standards, new interpretations and amendments to standards and
            interpretations have been issued but are not effective for the financial year beginning on
            January 1, 2026 and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                     Effective for annual
                                                                                      periods beginning
            New standards and amendments                                                       on or after

            IFRS 18                             Presentation and disclosure in           January 1, 2027
                                                  financial statements
            IFRS 19                             Subsidiaries without public              January 1, 2027
                                                  accountability: disclosures
            IAS 21 (Amendments)                 Translation to a Hyperinflationary       January 1, 2027
                                                  Presentation Currency
            IAS 28 (Amendments)                 Amendments to the Fair Value             January 1, 2027
                                                  Option
            IFRS 20                             Regulatory Assets and Regulatory         January 1, 2029
                                                  Liabilities
            IFRS 10 and IAS 28                  Sale or contribution of assets         To be determined
              (Amendments)                        between an investor and
                                                  its associate or joint venture

            The Group is assessing the full impact of the new standards, new interpretations and
            amendments to standards and interpretations.


     4      ESTIMATES
            The preparation of interim financial information requires management to make judgements,
            estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the
            reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ
            from these estimates.

            In preparing this condensed consolidated interim financial information, the significant
            judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and
            the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those that applied to the
            consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.




98   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
5.1   Financial risk factors

      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign
      exchange risks and cash flow and fair value interests rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

      The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial
      risk management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
      and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements as at
      December 31, 2025.

      There have been no changes in the major risk management policies since the year end.

5.2   Liquidity risk

      The tables below analyse the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant
      maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the end of each reporting period
      to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the tables are the contractual
      undiscounted cash flows.

                                        Less than Between 1 Between 2                 Over
                                           1 year and 2 years and 5 years          5 years          Total
                                        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

      As at June 30, 2026
      Borrowings and interests            323,186      174,453       146,058          1,239       644,936
      Trade payables                      143,606            –             –              –       143,606
      Other payables and accruals
        (excluding non-financial)          41,273            –             –              –         41,273
      Lease liabilities                    46,573       29,883        12,685          4,484         93,625
      Other non-current liabilities           315            –             –              –            315

                                          554,953      204,336       158,743          5,723       923,755
      As at December 31, 2025
      Borrowings and interests            250,324      165,158       148,095               –      563,577
      Trade and notes payables             66,521            –             –               –       66,521
      Other payables and accruals
        (excluding non-financial)          31,939            –             –              –        31,939
      Lease liabilities                    46,098       45,052        18,064          5,196       114,410
      Other non-current liabilities           540           45             –              –           585

                                          395,422      210,255       166,159          5,196       777,032




                                                    Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   99
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued )
      5.3    Fair value estimation

             (a)    Fair value hierarchy
                    Financial instruments carried at fair value or where fair value was disclosed can be
                    categorised by levels of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
                    value. The inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as
                    follows:

                    Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as
                    publicly traded derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices
                    at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets
                    held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                    Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market
                    (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques
                    which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on
                    entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
                    are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                    Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market
                    data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity
                    securities.

                    The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 2 and
                    level 3 fair values.




100   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
            Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued )
5.3   Fair value estimation (continued )

      (a)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
             The following table presents the Group’s assets that were measured at fair value at
             June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025:

                                                   Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB ’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

              As at June 30, 2026
              Assets:
              Financial assets carried at FVTPL
              – Unlisted debt instruments
                  (Note 16)                              –               –           54,027          54,027
              – Contingent consideration
                  of business combination                –               –            4,906            4,906
              – Unlisted equity investments
                  (Note 16)                              –               –         198,150          198,150
              Financial assets carried at FVOCI
              – Notes receivables (Note 13)              –               –            6,964            6,964
              – Unlisted equity investments
                  (Note 13)                              –               –            2,400            2,400

                                                         –               –         266,447          266,447


                                                   Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB ’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

              As at December 31, 2025
              Assets:
              Financial assets carried at FVTPL
              – Unlisted debt instruments
                  (Note 16)                              –               –           54,141          54,141
              – Contingent consideration
                  of business combination                –               –            4,906            4,906
              – Unlisted equity investments
                  (Note 16)                              –               –           97,395          97,395
              Financial assets carried at FVOCI
              – Notes receivables (Note 13)              –               –            2,191            2,191
              – Unlisted equity investments
                  (Note 13)                              –               –            2,400            2,400

                                                         –               –         161,033          161,033




                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   101
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued )
      5.3    Fair value estimation (continued )

             (b)    Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values specific valuation
                    techniques used to value financial instruments include:
                    •    Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and

                    •      Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to
                           determine fair value for the remaining financial instruments.

                    There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended June
                    30, 2026.

                    The fair value of trade receivables, notes receivables, other receivables, long-term
                    trade receivables, restricted cash, and cash and cash equivalents approximated their
                    carrying amounts.

                    The fair value of trade and notes payables, other payables and accruals (excluding
                    payroll and welfare payables and other tax payables) and current borrowings
                    approximated their carrying amounts. The fair value of non-current borrowings was
                    disclosed in note 22.

             (c)    The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy
                    levels as at the end of each reporting period. During the six months ended June
                    30, 2026 and 2025, there are no transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy
                    used in measuring the fair value of financial instruments, and also no changes in the
                    classification of financial assets as a result of a change in the purpose or use of those
                    assets.




102   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
            Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued )
5.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (d)    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
             The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months
             ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:

                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                       Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

              Financial assets at FVTPL
              Opening Balance                                             156,442                 60,431
              Additions                                                         –                    200
              Additions of contingent consideraiton of
                business combination                                            –                  2,551
              Transfer from an associate to FVTPL                             476                      –
              Fair value changes – unrealised                             100,165                  7,290
              Settlement                                                        –                   (255)

              Closing balance                                             257,083                 70,217


                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                       Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

              Financial assets at FVOCI
              Opening Balance                                                4,591                 3,400
              Additions                                                      4,773                     –
              Settlement on mature and factoring                                 –                  (400)
              Capital reduction                                                  –                  (600)

              Closing balance                                                9,364                 2,400


              There were no changes in valuation techniques during the periods.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   103
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      6      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (a)    Description of segment and principal activities

             During the six months ended June 30, 2026, the Group is engaged in imaging business
             in the Chinese Mainland. The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been
             identified as the chairman and executive directors of the Board who are responsible for
             allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment.

             Management reviews the operating results of the business as one segment to make
             decisions about resources to be allocated. Therefore, the executive directors of the
             Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic decisions.
             Revenue and (loss)/profit before income tax are the measures reported to the chairman and
             executive directors for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment.

             Throughout the years, the Group has constructed, and shaped the competency in, the
             infrastructure supporting the operations of the imaging center and enrichment imaging
             services business, such as cloud platform services which represents less than 5% of the
             Group’s total revenue.

             The Group’s business and operations are mainly conducted in Chinese Mainland and
             currently, the Group’s principal market, majority of revenue, operating loss and non-current
             assets are derived from/located in the Chinese Mainland. Accordingly, no geographical
             segment information is presented.




104   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


6     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued )
(b)   Revenue during the six months ended June 30 2026

      An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended June 30, 2026
      and 2025 is as follows:

      The revenue segment information reported to CODM for the six months ended June 30,
      2026 is as follows:

                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                         2026                  2025
                                                                     Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

                                          Satisfaction of
                                            performance
                                            obligation
      Imaging center services             Point in time                 195,426               241,133
      Imaging center services             Overtime                       67,172                58,494

                                                                        262,598               299,627

      Imaging solution services
      – Imaging equipment and
          software solutions              Point in time                 210,965               147,545
      – Imaging capability improvement
          services                        Overtime                        11,343                14,055
      – Remote diagnosis                  Point in time                    5,677                   907

                                                                        227,985               162,507

      Digital-intelligence services
      – Sales of products and solutions
           related to data processing     Point in time                   13,423                 3,097
      – Digital-intelligence platform
           services                       Overtime                         8,439                 1,363
      – AI diagnosis services             Point in time                      590                   455

                                                                          22,452                 4,915

                                                                        513,035               467,049




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   105
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      6      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued )
      (c)    Contract liabilities

             The Group has recognised the following contract liabilities which are the advances from
             customers:

                                                                              As at           As at
                                                                           June 30,    December 31,
                                                                              2026            2025
                                                                          Unaudited         Audited
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

             Contract liabilities related to imaging center services           1,439           2,319
             Contract liabilities related to imaging solution services        11,217           9,814
             Contract liabilities related to digital-intelligence
              services                                                            16                 –

                                                                              12,672          12,133


             The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the six months ended
             June 30, 2026 relates to carried-forward contract liabilities:

                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                              2026            2025
                                                                          Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

             Revenue recognised that was included in the balance
               of contract liabilities at the beginning of the period
             Imaging center services                                           1,004             800
             Imaging solution services                                         9,665          32,486
             Digital-intelligence services                                         –             297

                                                                              10,669          33,583




106   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                       FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


7   OPERATING (LOSS)/PROFIT
    An analysis of the amounts presented as operating items in the financial information is
    given below.

                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                  Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    Raw materials and trading medical equipment                      208,074               162,475
    Employee benefit expenses                                        109,043                92,895
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     78,591                80,444
    Repair and maintenance                                            29,828                23,269
    Marketing fees                                                    39,012                17,507
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               12,956                17,016
    Gains from disposal of right-of-use assets                           (74)               (2,941)
    Amortization of intangible assets                                  8,428                 2,021
    Losses from disposal of property, plant and equipment                733                   356


8   FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS
                                                               Six months ended June 30,
                                                                      2026                  2025
                                                                  Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    Finance income:
    – Interest income from bank deposits                                4,302                 2,931

    Finance costs:
    – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                             (6,228)               (5,016)
    – Interest expenses on other borrowings                            (7,692)               (6,775)
    – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                            (1,837)               (2,690)

                                                                      (15,757)              (14,481)

    Amount capitalized                                                      74                    78

    Total finance costs                                               (15,683)              (14,403)

    Finance costs – net                                               (11,381)              (11,472)




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   107
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      9      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
             The amounts of income tax expense charged to profit or loss in the consolidated interim
             income statements represent:

                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                              2026            2025
                                                                          Unaudited       Unaudited
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

             Current income tax                                                 5,271         14,465
             Deferred income tax                                               (1,903)        (5,809)

                                                                                3,368           8,656


             The Group’s principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

             The Company’s subsidiary incorporated in Turkey is subject to Turkey profits tax at a rate
             of 25% for the six months ended June 30, 2026.

             The Company’s subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax
             at a rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

             The Company’s other subsidiaries established and operated in Chinese Mainland are
             subject to the PRC corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25%.

             During the six months ended June 30, 2026, according to the relevant laws and regulations
             promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, enterprises engaging
             in research and development activities were entitled to claim 200% of their research and
             development expenses incurred as tax deductible expenses when determining their
             assessable profits for that year (the “Super Deduction”).




108   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


9   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued )
    In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
    issued model rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar Two) (i.e. BEPS 2.0),
    and various governments around the world have issued, or are in the process of issuing,
    legislation on this. Pillar Two legislation in Hong Kong, namely the Inland Revenue
    (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025, has
    been enacted on 6th June 2025 and the rules take effect from January 1, 2025. Other
    respective governments of the Group’s major operating regions have not substantively
    enacted the legislation on Pillar Two as of the date of approval of these 2026 interim
    financial statements. In conjunction with the ultimate holding company of the Group, an
    assessment was performed on the various regions that the Group has operations and no
    material exposure was identified or recognised during the six months ended June 30,
    2026.

    A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable corporate income
    tax rate and loss or profit before income tax, with the actual corporate income tax during
    the six months ended June 30, 2026 is as follow:

                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                    Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

    (Loss)/profit before income tax                                     (24,510)               24,490

    Tax calculated at applicable statutory tax rate                      (6,127)                6,123
    – Effect of preferential tax rates (a)                               (2,102)                 (661)
    – Super deduction on research and
         development expenditure                                         (2,446)               (1,395)
    – Expenses not deductible for tax purpose                             5,818                 3,795
    – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                  (4,730)               (2,917)
    – Temporary differences for which no deferred
         income tax assets was recognised                                 8,473                 1,511
    – Share-based payment expense not recognised
         as deferred
    tax assets                                                              838                     49
    – Recognition of deferred tax assets on previously
    unrecognised tax losses and other
      temporary differences                                              (8,428)               (5,861)
    – Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets                   10,865                 7,659
    – Share of result of investment in equity method                      1,207                   353

    Income tax expense                                                    3,368                 8,656



                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   109
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      9      INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued )
             (a)     The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the Group’s entities located in Chinese
                     Mainland is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “EIT
                     Law”) effective on January 1, 2008 unless these subject to preferential tax rate set
                     out below.

                     Each of Beijing Rimag Sunshine Medical Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing
                     Information”) and Changsha Zhongya Medical Imaging Diagnosis Co., Ltd.
                     (“Changsha Zhongya”) was qualified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”
                     certificate. Shicheng Rimag Sunshine Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (“Shicheng
                     Rimag”), Xixian Xinqu Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Xixian Rimag”) and
                     Shehong Jiashi Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Shehong Rimag”) could
                     enjoy the preferential policy of income tax for the development of the western
                     region. According to the approval from the local taxation authority, each of Beijing
                     Information, Shicheng Rimag, Xixian Rimag, Shehong Rimag and Changsha Zhongya
                     was entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for 2025 and six months ended
                     June 30, 2026.

                     The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the small and micro enterprises is 5%
                     according to the “EIT Law”.


      10     (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)    Basic

             Basic (loss)/earnings per share is calculated by dividing the (loss)/earnings of the Group
             attributable to the equity holders of the Company by weighted average number of ordinary
             shares outstanding (excluding treasury shares and shares held for employee share
             scheme) during the six months ended June 30, 2026.

                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                              2026              2025
                                                                          Unaudited         Unaudited

             (Loss)/profit attributable to the equity holders of
               the Company (RMB’000)                                          (13,891)          16,443
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares
               outstanding (thousand shares)                                 389,662           357,963

             Basic (loss)/earnings per share (expressed in
               RMB per share)                                                  (0.036)            0.046




110   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                           FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


10    (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE (continued )
(b)   Diluted

      As the Group incurred loss for the six months period ended June 30, 2026, the potential
      ordinary shares were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share as their
      inclusion would be anti-dilutive. During the year ended June 30, 2025, the Group had no
      potential ordinary shares. Accordingly, diluted (loss)/earnings per share for the six months
      ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 are the same as basic loss per share for the respective
      years.

11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND
      INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                 Property,
                                                 plant and          Right-of-use            Intangible
                                                equipment                 assets                assets

      Six months ended
        June 30, 2026(unaudited)

      Opening net book amount as
        at January 1, 2026                         743,510                 81,213              145,863
      Additions                                     31,677                  3,078                5,002
      Acquisition of subidiaries                     5,225                      –                8,208
      Disposals                                     (1,448)                (1,336)                (595)
      Depreciation and amortization                (78,591)               (12,956)              (8,428)

      Closing net book amount as
        at June 30, 2026                           700,373                 69,999              150,050




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   111
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      12     INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                          As at            As at
                                                                       June 30,     December 31,
                                                                          2026             2025
                                                                      Unaudited          Audited
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

             Associates                                                   44,993            50,561


             The movements of investments in associates accounted for using the equity method are as
             follows:

                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                          2026              2025
                                                                      Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

             At January 1,                                                50,561            44,398
             Addition                                                          –            12,720
             Share of post – tax losses                                   (5,092)           (1,359)
             Transfer from an associate to FVTPL                            (476)                –

             At June 30,                                                  44,993            55,759


      13     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
             INCOME
                                                                          As at            As at
                                                                       June 30,     December 31,
                                                                          2026             2025
                                                                      Unaudited          Audited
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

             Current
             Debt investments
             – Notes receivables                                            6,964            2,191

             Non current
             – Unlisted equity investments                                  2,400            2,400




112   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


14   TRADE RECEIVABLES AND LONG-TERM TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                     June 30,        December 31,
                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current
     Trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                          712,395               573,274
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                            13,300                12,482

                                                                       725,695               585,756

     Less: provision for impairment                                     (90,184)              (63,740)

                                                                       635,511               522,016

     Long-term trade receivables-current portion
     – due from third parties                                            47,082                49,241
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                             14,109                11,352

                                                                         61,191                60,593

     Less: provision for impairment                                     (18,158)              (18,175)

                                                                         43,033                42,418

     Non current
     Long-term trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                            10,732                11,110
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                              7,628                10,598

                                                                         18,360                21,708

     Less: provision for impairment                                         (190)                 (214)

                                                                         18,170                21,494

     Total                                                             696,714               585,928


     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed
     by IFRS 9. As at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, provisions of RMB108,532,000 and
     RMB82,129,000 were made against the gross amounts of trade receivables and long-term
     trade receivables, respectively.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   113
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      14     TRADE RECEIVABLES AND LONG-TERM TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued )
             As at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the ageing analysis of the trade receivables
             based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                            As at             As at
                                                                         June 30,      December 31,
                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited           Audited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                  563,940           447,314
             1 to 2 years                                                   75,918            68,426
             2 to 3 years                                                   54,675            52,466
             Over 3 years                                                   31,162            17,550

                                                                           725,695           585,756


             Due to the short-term nature of the trade receivables, their carrying amounts approximated
             their fair values as at the balance sheet dates and were denominated in RMB.

             As at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the ageing analysis of the long-term trade
             receivables based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                            As at             As at
                                                                         June 30,      December 31,
                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited           Audited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                                    3,429             1,976
             1 to 2 years                                                    7,984             9,053
             2 to 3 years                                                   36,071            36,561
             Over 3 years                                                   32,067            34,711

                                                                            79,551            82,301


             The long-term trade receivables have been discounted and there is no material change on
             discount rate, so their carrying amounts approximated their fair values as at the balance
             sheet dates and were denominated in RMB.




114   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


15   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                     June 30,        December 31,
                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Included in non-current assets
     Other receivables
     Deposits – non – current portion                                    28,476                28,216
     Less: provision for impairment                                        (591)                 (590)

                                                                         27,885                27,626

     Prepayments
     Prepayments for equity investments                                  16,000                29,066
     Prepayments for purchase of property,
       plant and equipment                                             199,454               181,527
     Deductible value-added tax input                                   14,210                12,856
     Prepayments for intangible assets                                   6,006                 5,516
     Incremental costs of obtaining contracts                            4,241                     –

                                                                       239,911               228,965

     Total                                                             267,796               256,591




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   115
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      15     PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued )
                                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                                      June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                     Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

             Included in current assets
             Other receivables
             Loans to a third party                                                        1,279                 2,279
             Equity transfer receivables                                                   1,904                 1,904
             Deposits-current portion                                                      4,642                 3,842
             Deposits to be used for repurchasing of shares                               12,406                13,181
             Advances to employees                                                         2,792                 1,714
             Loans to related parties (Note 24(d))                                        15,443                15,443
             Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                                     9,451                 9,712
             Others                                                                        8,292                 1,168

                                                                                          56,209                49,243
             Less: provision for impairment                                               (5,841)                 (141)

                                                                                          50,368                49,102

             Prepayments
             Prepayment to a related party (Note 24(d))                                    3,224                 3,233
             Prepayments for equity investments                                                –                14,796
             Prepayment to suppliers                                                      17,079                32,725
             Deductible value – added tax input                                           28,011                25,045
             Prepaid expenses                                                             32,260                26,297
             Incremental costs of obtaining contracts                                      2,059                     –

                                                                                          82,633              102,096

             Total                                                                       133,001              151,198


             Note:


             (i)     The Company entered into a share transfer agreement on October 11, 2025 to acquire additional 45%
                     equity interest in the target company Shanghai Zhengying, an associate of the Company, which includes
                     two instalments to be paid by the Company at a total consideration of RMB23,000,000. In 2025, the
                     Company paid the first instalment amounting to RMB15,000,000, which was recorded as prepayment for
                     equity investments as at June 30, 2026.




116   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


16   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                     June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                    Unaudited             Audited
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Non-current
     – Unlisted debt instruments(Note 5.3(a))                                           54,027                 54,141
     – Contingent consideration of business combination                                  4,906                  4,906
     – Unlisted equity investments(Note 5.3(a))                                        198,150                 97,395

                                                                                       257,083                156,442


17   SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR EMPLOYEE
     SHARE SCHEME
                                                                           Unaudited
                                      Number of    Number of                                Shares held for
                                        ordinary       issued       Ordinary      Treasury employee share
                                          shares      shares          shares      shares(a)     scheme(b)         Total
                                      thousands    thousands        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
     As at January 1, 2026              338,496       62,566          401,062      (75,820)        (87,285)     237,957
     Repurchase of shares (a)(b)(i)           –            –                –       (1,800)        (31,001)     (32,801)
     Shares exercised from employee
       share scheme (b)(ii)                    –            –               –            –          62,892       62,892

     As at June 30, 2026                338,496       62,566          401,062      (77,620)        (55,394)     268,048
     As at January 1, 2025              338,496       17,816          356,312            –         (14,037)     342,275
     Repurchase of shares                     –            –                –      (13,032)        (36,297)     (49,329)
     Issues of shares placing                 –        9,750            9,750            –               –        9,750

     As at June 30, 2025                338,496       27,566          366,062      (13,032)        (50,334)     302,696




                                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   117
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      17     SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR EMPLOYEE
             SHARE SCHEME (continued )
      (a)    Details of treasury shares

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                      Issued shares
                                                                                         thousands

             As at January 1, 2026                                                           (5,481)
             Repurchase of shares                                                              (256)

             As at June 30, 2026                                                             (5,737)


             The Company repurchased 256,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward shares
             through the Stock Exchange from January 1, 2026 to June 30, 2026. The total value
             of shares repurchased was approximately RMB1,800,000 and has been deducted from
             shareholders’ equity.

      (b)    Details of shares held for employee share scheme

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                      Issued shares
                                                                                         thousands

             As at January 1, 2026                                                           (4,453)
             Repurchase of shares(i)                                                         (4,893)
             Shares exercised from employee share scheme(ii)                                  4,015

             As at June 30, 2026                                                             (5,331)


             (i)    The Company repurchased 4,893,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward
                    shares through the Stock Exchange by engaging trustees as at June 30, 2026. The
                    total value of shares repurchased was approximately RMB31,001,000 and has been
                    deducted from shareholders’ equity as at June 30, 2026.

             (ii)   During the reporting period, the Company granted 6,130,000 stock options to
                    eligible employees and directors under the share incentive plan. The exercise
                    price of the options ranged from RMB2.8 to RMB5 per share. As of June 30, 2026,
                    4,015,000 stock options were exercised, thus, a total value of shares repurchased
                    amounted to RMB62,892,000 was transferred from share held for employee share
                    scheme to reserve.




118   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


18   RESERVES
     The following table shows a breakdown of the balance sheet line items “reserves” and its
     movements during the respective periods. A description of the nature and purpose of each
     reserve is provided below the table.

                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                      Financial Share-based
                                            Share        Capital      assets at    payment
                                         premium        reserves         FVOCI     reserves            Total
                                         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

     As at January 1, 2026               1,979,582        (32,443)           (40)     293,437      2,240,536
     Share-based payments expenses               –              –              –       22,404         22,404
     Transactions with non–controlling
       interests                                 –        (14,402)             –             –        (14,402)
     Financial assets at FVOCI                   –              –            (59)            –            (59)
     Shares exercised from employee
       share scheme (Note 17)              (32,960)             –              –       (19,156)       (52,116)

     As at June 30, 2026                 1,946,622        (46,845)           (99)     296,685      2,196,363
     As at January 1, 2025               1,345,591        (35,097)             –      293,437      1,603,931
     Issues of shares placing              159,544              –              –            –        159,544
     Transactions with non–controlling
        interests                                –          1,631              –             –          1,631

     As at June 30, 2025                 1,505,135        (33,466)             –      293,437      1,765,106




                                                      Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   119
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      19     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
             Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions were as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

             Share Incentive Plan (a)                                       22,507                 –


             Share-based payments expenses recognised for the six months ended June 30 2026 and
             2025 were as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

             Administrative expenses                                        22,121                 –
             Selling expenses                                                  332                 –
             Research and development expenses                                  54                 –

                                                                            22,507                 –




120   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


19    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued )
(a)   Share Incentive Plan

      2026 Share Incentive Plan
      On January 23, 2026, stock options of the Company were granted to 51 Grantees under the
      2026 Share Incentive Plan, comprising 4,250,000 Class A stock options with exercise price
      of HK$3.00 per share, and 1,880,000 Class B stock options with exercise price of HK$5.50
      per share. Under the Plan, employees exercised 4,015,000 stock options were exercised
      during the first half of 2026. If an employee ceases to be employed by the Company within
      this period, the awarded stock options will be forfeited.

      The fair values of the stock options granted to employees on the grant date, January
      2026, as determined by a professional valuation firm were HK$5.33 for Class A per share
      and HK$3.92 for Class B per share, The significant inputs into the Black-Scholes valuation
      model were listed as below:

                                                                       As at January 2026
                                                                        Class A         Class B

      Expected volatility                                                71.70%                  90.4%
      Risk-free interest rate                                             2.20%                  2.20%


      Movements in the number of equity interests shares of the Company granted and the
      respective weighted average grant date fair value were as follows:

                                                                   Number of
                                                                        shares
                                                                granted under               Average
                                                                    the Share               exercise
                                                                     Incentive             price per
                                                                      Scheme            share option
                                                                                               RMB

      Granted during the period                                       6,130,000                    3.47

      Exercised during the period                                    (4,015,000)                   2.80
      Forfeited during the period                                      (334,000)                   5.00

      Outstanding as at June 30, 2026                                 1,781,000                    4.71




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   121
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      20     DIVIDEND
             No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended
             June 30, 2026 and the year ended December 31, 2025.


      21     TRADE AND NOTES PAYABLES
                                                                        As at            As at
                                                                     June 30,     December 31,
                                                                        2026             2025
                                                                    Unaudited          Audited
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


             Trade payables-third parties                              143,606           59,520
             Notes payables-third parties                                    –            7,001

                                                                       143,606           66,521


             The ageing analysis of trade payable as at June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025 based
             on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                        As at            As at
                                                                     June 30,     December 31,
                                                                        2026             2025
                                                                    Unaudited          Audited
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

             Up to 1 year                                              122,980           47,652
             1–2 years                                                  15,419            9,941
             Over 2 years                                                5,207            1,927

                                                                       143,606           59,520




122   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


22   BORROWINGS
                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                      June 30,        December 31,
                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                     Unaudited             Audited
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000

     Non-current:
     Long-term bank borrowings, secured                                 199,136                77,109
     Long-term bank borrowings, unsecured                                88,586               156,038
     Loans from financial leasing companies, secured                    222,106               229,424

     Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
            Secured                                                      (72,326)              (79,604)
           Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
             unsecured                                                   (30,355)                      –
           Current portion of loans from financial leasing
             companies, Secured                                        (105,508)               (94,307)

                                                                        301,639               288,660

     Current:
     Short-term bank borrowings, secured                                  49,445                 9,950
     Short-term bank borrowings, unsecured                                52,000                33,584
     Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
       secured                                                            72,326                79,604
     Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
       unsecured                                                          30,355                       –
     Current portion of loans from financial leasing
       companies, secured                                               105,508                 94,307
     Loans from a related party (Note 24(d))                              7,093                 17,138
     Loans from a third party, unsecured                                    300                    300

                                                                        317,027               234,883

     Total borrowings                                                   618,666               523,543




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   123
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      22     BORROWINGS (continued )
      (a)    The Group’s borrowings as at the balance sheet dates during the six months ended June
             30, 2026 were repayable as follows:

                                                      As at June 30, 2026      As at December 31, 2025
                                                           Unaudited                    Audited
                                                          Bank                        Bank
                                                    Borrowings        Others   Borrowings       Others

             Up to 1 year                               204,126     112,901       123,097      111,745
             Between 1 and 2 years                       78,244      91,108        61,136       93,964
             Between 2 and 5 years                      105,797      25,490        92,448       41,153
             Over 5 years                                 1,000           –             –            –

             Total                                      389,167     229,499       276,681      246,862


      (b)    The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following
             currencies:

                                                      As at June 30, 2026      As at December 31, 2025
                                                           Unaudited                    Audited
                                                          Bank                        Bank
                                                    Borrowings        Others   Borrowings       Others

             RMB                                        389,167     229,499       276,681      246,862


      (c)    The weighted average effective interest rates at each balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                  2026           2025

             Bank borrowings                                                     4.50%           4.78%
             Loans from financial leasing companies                              5.93%           6.80%
             Loans from a related party                                          6.00%             N/A
             Loans from a third party, unsecured                                 6.00%          10.01%




124   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


22    BORROWINGS (continued )
(d)   Other disclosures

      (i)     Fair values
              The carrying amounts for the majority of the borrowings approximated their fair
              values as they were carried at floating interest rates.

      (ii)    Risk exposures
              Details of the Group’s exposure to risks arising from current and non-current
              borrowings are set out in Note 5.1 and Note 5.2.

23    BUSINESS COMBINATION
(i)   Acquisition of Ledmar Imaging Diagnostics and Healthcare Services Co., Ltd.

      (a)     Summary of acquisition
              On January 22, 2026, the Group acquired 100% of equity interest of Ledmar Imaging
              Diagnostics and Healthcare Services Co., Ltd., a enterprise operates the imaging
              devices for 4 hospitals, possessing a stable business foundation and complete
              market qualifications. The acquisition represents the Group’s strategic positioning
              in the Central and Eastern Europe and West Asia markets, serving as an important
              initiative to expand overseas markets through mergers and acquisitions and to export
              domestic operational management capabilities.

               Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
               follows:

                                                                                              RMB’000

               Purchase consideration
               Cash paid (b)                                                                      14,066




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   125
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      23     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued )
      (i)    Acquisition of Ledmar Imaging Diagnostics and Healthcare Services Co., Ltd.
             (continued )

             (a)    Summary of acquisition (continued)
                    The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                 RMB’000

                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,775
                    Trade receivables                                                                 1,044
                    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                       1,446
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                     5,225
                    Intangible assets                                                                 5,423
                    Trade payables                                                                   (1,472)
                    Other payables and accurals                                                        (575)
                    Current tax liabilities                                                            (231)
                    Deferred income tax liability                                                    (1,354)

                    Net identifiable assets acquired                                                 11,281
                    Add: goodwill                                                                     2,785
                    Net assets acquired                                                              14,066


                    The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
                    acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.

                    (i)    Revenue and profit contribution
                           The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB5,179,000 and net profit
                           of RMB1,685,000 to the Group for the period from January 22, 2026 to June
                           30, 2026.

                           If the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2026, consolidated pro-forma
                           revenue and consolidated loss before tax for the half-year ended June 30,
                           2026 would have been RMB514,077,000 and RMB27,141,000 respectively.




126   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
            Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


23    BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued )
(i)   Acquisition of Ledmar Imaging Diagnostics and Healthcare Services Co., Ltd.
      (continued )

      (b)    Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                                RMB’000

              Consideration paid in cash                                                            14,066
              Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                      (1,775)

              Net outflow of cash – investing activities – paid in 2025                             12,291


24    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Parties are considered to be related in one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to
      control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making
      financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
      subject to common control.

      The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
      and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended June
      30, 2026, and balances arising from related party transactions as at June 30, 2026 and
      December 31, 2025 respectively.

      The major related parties that had transactions and balances with the Group were as
      follows:




                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   127
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued )
      (a)    Related parties of the Group

             Name of related parties                                                         Relationship

             Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
               (汉吉健康管理 （上海） 有限公司)
             Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                      Associate
               (上海正影医学影像诊断中心有限公司)
             Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging                                      Associate
               Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.
               (宁德市交投一脉阳光医学影像诊断中心有限公司)
             Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                             Associate
               (北京一脉萬方诊所有限公司)
             Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical TechnologyCo., Ltd.                                  Associate
               (上海一脉心云医疗科技有限公司)
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
               (上海融公社芳侯科技有限公司)
             Shanghai Rongtu Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                            A company controlled
               (上海榕途医疗器械有限公司)                                                               by a Director
             Hunan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                          A company controlled
               (湖南融公社医疗器械有限公司)                                                              by a Director

             The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
             and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended June
             30, 2026, and balances arising from related party transactions as at the respective balance
             sheet dates.




128   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


24    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued )
(b)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                   Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

      Sales of services and goods
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                         419                   276
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                               373                   291
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical
        Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                   50                3,123

                                                                           842                 3,690

      Purchase of services and products
      Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                       8                     7
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                             1                    3
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                             –                   99
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                   –                   30

                                                                               9                 139

      Loans to related parties
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                   –               1,000

      Rental expense
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                           29                    90

      Repayment of loans to a related party
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                            10,045                       –




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   129
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


      24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued )
      (c)    Key management compensation

             Key management includes Directors (executive and non-executive), chief executive officer,
             the Company secretary, the executive president of imaging hospital and supervisors. The
             compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended June 30,
                                                                            2026              2025
                                                                        Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

             – Salaries, wages and bonuses                                   5,491             3,432
             – Pension costs-defined contribution plans                         94               133
             – Housing fund, medical insurance and
                 other social insurance                                        117               142
             – Share-based payments expenses                                10,639                 –

                                                                            16,341             3,707


             For the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, the salaries, bonus and other welfares
             disclosed above include RMB567,000 and RMB566,000 payables which were unpaid as at
             period end and are included in other payables and accruals.




130   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                       FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026


24    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued )
(d)   Balances with related parties

                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                   June 30,        December 31,
                                                                      2026                2025
                                                                  Unaudited             Audited
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

      Trade receivables and long-term trade receivables
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                     22,492                22,265
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                     10,673                10,690
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                            1,872                 1,477
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses                      (11,013)               (1,941)

                                                                       24,024                32,491

      Other receivable and prepayments
      – Other receivable
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                            9,500                 9,500
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
         Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                     3,450                 3,450
      Hunan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                    2,493                 2,493
      – Prepayments
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                      3,200                 3,200
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging
         Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                         24                    33
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses                           (51)                  (51)

                                                                       18,616                18,625

      Other payable and accruals
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou
        Technology Co., Ltd.                                              383                   331

      Borrowings
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou
        Technology Co., Ltd. (Note 22)                                  7,093                17,138




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   131
      DEFINITIONS

      “Audit Committee”                   the audit committee of the Board

      “Board of Directors” or             the board of Directors
        “Board”

      “China” or “PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this
                                          interim report and for geographical reference only, excludes Hong
                                          Kong, Macau and Taiwan

      “Company” or               Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司),
        “our Company” or “Rimag” a company initially established under the laws of the PRC on
                                 October 30, 2014 as a joint stock company with limited liability,
                                 subsequently converted into a limited liability company on July
                                 15, 2016 and further converted into a joint stock company with
                                 limited liability in the PRC on June 30, 2021 and the H Shares
                                 of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2522)
                                 and which includes its subsidiaries (from time to time) where the
                                 context so requires

      “connected person(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Corporate Governance               the “Corporate Governance Code” as set out in Appendix C1 to
        Code”                             the Listing Rules

      “Director(s)”                       the director(s) of the Company

      “Ganjiang New Area Rimag”           Jiangxi Ganjiang New Area Rimag Enterprise Management Center
                                          (Limited Partnership) (江西贛江新區一脈陽光企業管理中心 （有限
                                          合夥)) (formerly known as Nanchang Rimag Sunshine Enterprise
                                          Management Center (Limited Partnership) (南昌一脈陽光企業管
                                          理中心 （有限合夥))), a limited liability partnership established
                                          under the laws of the PRC on March 28, 2016 as an employee
                                          shareholding platform of the Company

      “General Mandate”                   the general mandate granted to the Directors by a special
                                          resolution passed at the annual general meeting of the Company
                                          held on April 23, 2025 to allot, issue and deal with new Shares
                                          and/or sell or transfer Treasury Shares, not exceeding 20% of the
                                          total number of issued Shares of the Company (excluding Treasury
                                          Shares) as at the date of passing of the resolution, being a total of
                                          71,262,366 Shares




132   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                                                                      DEFINITIONS


“Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”   the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one or
                               more of its subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”                   overseas listed foreign ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the
                               Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed
                               and traded on the Stock Exchange

“HK$”                          Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency of
                               Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Latest Practicable Date”      September 18, 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the
                               publication of this interim report for the purpose of ascertaining
                               certain information contained herein

“Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or
                               otherwise modified from time to time

“Main Board”                   the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the
                               Stock Exchange, which is independent from and operated in
                               parallel with Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Medical Image Insights”       Shanghai Medical Image Insights Intelligent Technology Co.,
                               Ltd. (上海影禾醫脈智能科技有限公司), a limited liability company
                               incorporated under the laws of the People’s Republic of China

“Model Code”                   the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                               Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Placees I”                    any individual, professional, corporate, institutional and other
                               investor(s) procured by the Placing Agents to subscribe for any of
                               the Placing Shares I pursuant to the Placing Agreement I

“Placees II”                   any individual, professional, corporate, institutional and other
                               investor(s) procured by the Placing Agents to subscribe for any of
                               the Placing Shares II pursuant to the Placing Agreement II

“Placing I”                    the placing of the Placing Shares I by or on behalf of the Placing
                               Agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the
                               Placing Agreement I



                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   133
      DEFINITIONS


      “Placing II”                        the placing of the Placing Shares II by or on behalf of the Placing
                                          Agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the
                                          Placing Agreement II

      “Placing Agents”                    CLSA Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited and
                                          TradeGo Markets Limited

      “Placing Agreement I”               the conditional placing agreement entered into between the
                                          Company and the Placing Agents on April 25, 2025 in relation to
                                          the Placing I under the General Mandate

      “Placing Agreement II”              the conditional placing agreement entered into between the
                                          Company and the Placing Agents on August 22, 2025 in relation
                                          to the Placing II under the General Mandate

      “Placing Share(s) I”                9,750,000 new H Shares of par value RMB1.00 each, to be allotted
                                          and issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Placing
                                          Agreement I. Such new H Shares shall rank pari passu with the
                                          issued H Shares in all respects and carry all rights attaching
                                          thereto as at the date of issue of the Placing Shares I.

      “Placing Share(s) II”               35,000,000 new H Shares of par value RMB1.00 each, to be
                                          allotted and issued pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
                                          Placing Agreement II. Such new H Shares shall rank pari passu
                                          with the issued H Shares in all respects and carry all rights
                                          attaching thereto as at the date of issue of the Placing Shares II.

      “Reporting Period”                  the six months ended June 30, 2026

      “RMB”                               Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “Second Half of 2025”               the six months ended December 31, 2025

      “SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                          Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                          from time to time




134   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026
                                                                                     DEFINITIONS


“Share(s)”                     ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with a nominal
                               value of RMB1.00 each, including unlisted shares and H Shares

“Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of the Shares

“Stock Exchange”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“subsidiary(ies)”              has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“substantial shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Supervisor(s)”                the supervisor(s) of the Company (as approved by the
                               Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company
                               convened on January 13, 2026, the Company ceased to have a
                               board of supervisors with effect from January 13, 2026)

“Treasury Share(s)”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Unlisted Share(s)”            ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a
                               nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are not listed on any stock
                               exchange

“%”                            per cent




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2026   135
