INTERIM REPORT
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                                 2

Financial and Business Highlights                                     4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                    6

Corporate Governance and Other Information                           47

Condensed Consolidated Interim Income Statement                      66

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income     67

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position      68

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity       70

Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Cash Flows              72

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information    73

Definitions                                                         106
    Corporate Information

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                          REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                         Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生) (Chairman)
                                                                Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
    Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生) (Chairman)                        Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
    Mr. FENG Xie (馮勰先生)                                         NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. LI Feiyu (李飛宇先生)
                                                                Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang (陳朝陽先生) (Chairman)
                                                                Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)
    Non-executive Directors
                                                                Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)

    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
    Mr. GUO Tao (郭濤先生)                                          AUDITOR
                                                                PricewaterhouseCoopers
    Independent Non-executive Directors                         Certified Public Accountants
                                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生)                                      22/F, Prince’s Building
    Mr. LUO Yi (羅毅先生)                                           Central
    Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)                                      Hong Kong

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)                                      Room 1002, 10th Floor, 10# Building
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)                                       Public R&D Centre
                                                                Xinqi Zhoudong Avenue South
    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                  Chinese Medicine Science and
                                                                  Technology Innovation City
    Ms. HE Yingfei (何英飛女士)
                                                                Ganjiang New District
    Ms. ZHANG Xiao (張瀟女士)
                                                                Jiangxi province, China

    SUPERVISORS
                                                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
    Mr. HUANG Junjie (黃俊傑先生) (Chairman)                         PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
    Mr. XUE Yuansheng (薛源生先生)
    Mr. LIU Weiwei (劉魏偉先生)                                      Building 2, No. 2 Minzuyuan
                                                                Minzuyuan Road
                                                                Chaoyang District
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                                Beijing, China
    Mr. WU Xiaohui (吳曉輝先生) (Chairman)
    Mr. LIU Senlin (劉森林先生)
    Ms. CHEN Yifei (陳伊菲女士)




2   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                            Corporate Information


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS               HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER
IN HONG KONG                              Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
40/F, Dah Sing Financial Centre           Suites 3203-3207, 32/F
No. 248 Queen’s Road East                 Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
Wanchai                                   15 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong                                 Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANK                            H SHARE REGISTRAR
China Construction Bank Corporation,      Tricor Investor Services Limited
Nanchang Branch                           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
No. 288 Hongdu North Avenue               16 Harcourt Road
Donghu District                           Hong Kong
Nanchang
Jiangxi province, China                   STOCK CODE
                                          H Share: 02522
COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Red Sun Capital Limited                   COMPANY WEBSITE
Room 310, 3/F
                                          www.rimag.com.cn
China Insurance Group Building
141 Des Voeux Road Central
Hong Kong




                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   3
    Financial and Business Highlights

    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                Six months ended June 30,
                                                                       2025             2024            Year-on-
                                                                   Unaudited        Unaudited               year
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000             change

    Revenue                                                           467,049           413,713           12.9%
    Gross profit                                                      137,246           159,659          -14.0%
    Profit for the period                                              15,834               962        1,545.9%
    Profit for the period attributable
      to owners of the company                                          16,443             3,836          328.6%

    Non-IFRS Measure*:
    EBITDA                                                            135,443           114,132            18.7%

    *      For more details, please see “Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Review – Non-IFRS Measure”.


    The year-on-year increase in the Group’s interim results during the Reporting Period was
    primarily driven by revenue growth from an increase in customer base. Revenue from the
    Group’s core imaging center services remained relatively stable and maintained steady growth
    compared to the second half of 2024 despite the combined impact of a slowing macroeconomy
    and adjustments in the deepening reform process. Amidst cyclical adjustments in the industry,
    the Group proactively adjusted its business pace and actively expanded the layout and
    construction of the network of medical imaging centers through various initiatives, including
    investment, mergers and acquisitions and incubation of industry funds. The Group has
    implemented higher-quality operational management for existing imaging center projects and
    more refined construction for newly established imaging centers, focusing on core resources
    and strengthening core revenue generation capabilities. The Group’s newly established
    imaging center projects are expected to be delivered and put into operation in the second half
    of 2025. Meanwhile, with the ongoing benefits brought by the national policy on new medical
    infrastructure, the demand for medical equipment upgrades has gradually recovered since
    the end of 2024, leading to an exponential growth in revenue from empowerment business.
    In the meantime, the Group has developed more flexible and diversified products, resulting
    in a significant increase in customer base and injecting new vitality into the Group’s revenue
    growth.




4   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                   Financial and Business Highlights


BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, we are the only operator
and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging services and
value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. Since the beginning of 2025, we
have made the following progress in our business:

•    Overall business achieved stable development. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group’s revenue was approximately RMB467.0 million, representing (i) a year-on-year
     increase of 12.9% as compared to approximately RMB413.7 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024; and (ii) a period-to-period increase of RMB120.2 million, or 34.6%,
     as compared to approximately RMB346.9 million for the second half of 2024. The
     Group’s profit for the period increased by 1,545.9% from approximately RMB1.0 million
     for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to approximately RMB15.8 million for the six
     months ended June 30, 2025.

•    Rapid expansion of customers for imaging center services and imaging solution
     services. Imaging center service is the cornerstone of our revenue. Leveraging a
     nationwide network, diverse center types and strategic acquisition and consolidation,
     we newly developed 11 imaging centers (based on the signing of agreements) and
     commenced the operation of 12 imaging centers (based on the signing of operation
     confirmation letters) during the Reporting Period. Besides, through utilizing the capability
     modules summarized in the imaging operation process to establish our individual
     asset-light empowerment business model, we successfully secured 354 new customers
     for imaging solution services during the Reporting Period, thereby rapidly achieving a
     strong customer base.

•    Discovering the value of image data and developing business driven by AI. Rimag
     Cloud service is the pivotal link connecting our traditional medical services, data services
     and AI research and development. In April 2025, Beijing Rimag Medical Information
     Technology Co., Ltd. (北京一脈陽光醫學信息技術有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company,
     listed “CT Chest Lesion Annotation Data (CT 胸部病變標註數據)” on the Shanghai Data
     Exchange (listing number: 1571967301-YLIIIEJ5101). This marked that Rimag, with
     high-quality imaging data as the link, has taken the lead in opening up the closed loop of
     “data generation and governance – algorithms and technology – scenario empowerment”,
     bringing the marketization process of medical imaging data elements into a new stage.
     Through continuous and in-depth strategic cooperation with Huawei Cloud Computing
     Technology Co., Ltd. (華為雲計算技術有限公司), Lianren Digital Health Technology Co.,
     Ltd. (聯仁健康醫療大數據科技股份有限公司) and Xunfei Healthcare Technology Co.,
     Ltd. (訊飛醫療科技股份有限公司), we will solve the problem of data silos by ecological
     cooperation to build up full-chain medical data capabilities and independent and
     controllable smart medical solution capabilities, providing core driving force for AI-driven
     and business innovation.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   5
    Management Discussion and Analysis

    I.     BUSINESS REVIEW
           Overview

           As a leading medical group specialized in medical imaging in China, we are the only
           operator and manager of a medical imaging platform that provides diversified imaging
           services and value to the entire medical imaging industry chain in China. Since its
           successful listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 7, 2024 and
           becoming the first listed medical imaging service company in China, the Company has
           continued to deepen its strategic layout and business innovation, and strived to build a
           more efficient, more accessible and more intelligent medical imaging ecological service
           platform. The Company was included in the Southbound Stock Connect and Hang Seng
           Index on March 10, 2025. On May 6, 2025, the Company completed the Placing of a total
           of 9,750,000 Placing Shares to no less than six Placees at the Placing Price of HK$20.00
           per Placing Share. The net proceeds from the Placing amounted to approximately
           HK$182.29 million.

           The Company has consistently prioritized medical imaging services as our core business
           and a solid foundation for innovative development, imaging solution services as the
           growth engine, and Rimag Cloud services as the pivotal element for upgrading our
           traditional businesses. Through the dual engine of “service scenarios + technological
           innovation”, we have continuously consolidated our position as an industry integrator
           in China’s third-party medical imaging service platform. Our strategic implementation
           pathway has formed a complete value closed loop. Through the four-dimensional
           collaboration of “large-scale layout of imaging center network”, “refined operational
           capability output”, “release of data resource value” and “industry ecological platform
           empowerment”, we have built a differentiated competitive barrier covering 17 provinces
           across the country. Imaging center service is the cornerstone of our revenue. Leveraging
           a nationwide network, diverse center types and strategic acquisition and consolidation,
           we have established a solid foundation for supporting our innovative businesses (such
           as data services, research and development of AI and overseas expansion), providing
           a stable foundation for future diversified development. Imaging solution services,
           the core vehicle for the Company’s asset-light strategy, leverage “modular output +
           ecosystem expansion” to fuel exponential growth for the Company’s business. Rimag
           Cloud services, the core vehicle for the Company’s digitalization strategy, leverage
           robust information technology support to align with national policies of healthcare
           interconnection. Through data accumulation, governance and AI incubation, we have
           established a complete closed loop integrating data, algorithms and scenario, which
           provides the Company with the potential to upgrade traditional medical services and
           commercialize data services, and will serve as the core driver of our future exponential
           development.




6   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


In the first half of 2025, the policies that the State continued to promote, such as
the decentralized sharing of medical resources, mutual recognition of cloud imaging
and results, data services and medical AI applications, are not only highly consistent
with our existing business, but also provide strong support for our future innovation
breakthroughs.

In terms of the decentralized sharing of medical resources, we have achieved efficient
collaboration in filming at primary-level sub-centers and diagnosis at sharing centers in
multiple locations through a “equipment sharing + doctor sharing + data sharing” model.
By consistently implementing the “distributed examination and centralized diagnosis”
model for imaging, we have ensured optimal utilization of primary-level equipment, made
medical care more convenient and cost-effective for patients, and steadily improved the
quality of diagnosis. With the promotion of the experience of “one license for multiple
locations”, county-level medical care has been moving from single-point breakthroughs
to systemic transformation. Similarly, with the acceleration of the construction of close
medical communities at county-level, the demand from grassroots for third-party imaging
services has been shifting from “supplementary demand” to “urgent need”, providing
policy support for our continued expansion of market share.

The introduction of the policy for mutual recognition of cloud imaging and results has
created favorable conditions for us to leverage our information technology capabilities.
The State is vigorously promoting the mutual recognition of imaging results across
institutions and regions, providing policy guidance for activating interconnection of data
nationwide and facilitating access to healthcare for civilians. Our Rimag Cloud platform,
with its powerful real-time data upload, cloud storage and multi-level access capabilities,
meets the policy’s requirements for standardized regional medical imaging diagnostic
centers. This not only helps us consolidate our existing business but also lays the
foundation for the rapid growth of our cloud storage and access services.

In the areas of data services and medical AI, the “Data Elements × Three-Year Action
Plan (2024-2026)” (2024) promotes the compliant circulation of medical data, supports
local pilot programs for the operation of medical data assets, and clarifies trading
rules for medical data exchanges, providing a basis for compliant trading of our data
products listed on the Shanghai Data Exchange. Meanwhile, Shanghai Medical Image
Insights Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (上海影禾醫脈智能科技有限公司) (“Medical
Image Insights”), a company we incubated, has released the world’s first full-modal
medical imaging Large Foundation Model. Besides, the “Interim Measures for the
Administration of Generative Artificial Intelligence Services (
                                                             《生成式人工智能服務管理暫行
辦法》   )”, which regulate AI-assisted diagnosis, has created a policy environment for the
commercial application of our imaging Large Foundation Model. As AI-assisted diagnosis
is gradually included in medical insurance reimbursement, our technological advantages
will be further transformed into commercial results, opening up new growth areas for the
Company.




                                           Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


           Furthermore, the optimization of policies for medical devices and medical imaging
           centers has reduced our costs for business expansion. The support policy for first-of-
           its-kind equipment provided in the “Implementation Plan for Digital Transformation of the
           Pharmaceutical Industry (  《醫藥工業數智化轉型實施方案》                )” (2025-2030) has significantly
           reduced our equipment investment costs. The goal of “one nuclear medicine department
           per county” outlined in the National Health Commission’s Nuclear Medicine Development
           Plan (2025) promotes full coverage of nuclear medicine departments in tertiary integrated
           hospitals, creating strategic synergies with the nuclear medicine business we established
           through the acquisition of Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州高脈健康
           科技有限公司) (“Gaomai Health”). The growing demand for imaging examination driven
           by an aging population and shifting disease profiles, as well as the escalating demand
           for high-end examination at the grassroots level driven by policies on tiered diagnosis
           and treatment, have provided sustainable momentum for our business development.

           During the Reporting Period, we generated revenue of approximately RMB467.0 million,
           primarily from: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services; and (iii) Rimag
           Cloud services.

           Imaging Center Services

           Our imaging center services aim to solve the pain points of medical imaging industry,
           achieve the empowerment and balanced distribution of quality medical imaging
           resources, and form a network of chain medical imaging centers. Our imaging center
           services include: (i) imaging examination and diagnostic services offered at our own
           imaging centers, among other things; and (ii) operational management services offered to
           imaging centers of our business partners. We provide the foregoing services through four
           types of imaging centers, namely: (i) flagship imaging centers; (ii) regional collaborative
           imaging centers; (iii) specialized medical consortium imaging centers; and (iv) operational
           management imaging centers.

           During the Reporting Period, our revenue generated from the imaging center services
           was approximately RMB299.6 million, representing (i) a year-on-year decrease of 6.1% as
           compared to approximately RMB319.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024;
           and (ii) a period-to-period increase of RMB12.8 million, or 4.5%, from approximately
           RMB286.8 million for the second half of 2024, mainly due to the combined impact
           of fluctuations in the domestic macroeconomic environment and adjustments in the
           deepening reform process of the healthcare industry. To address cyclical adjustments in
           the industry, the Group has proactively adjusted its business pace, implementing higher-
           quality operational management for existing imaging center projects and more refined
           construction for newly established imaging centers. The new imaging center projects are
           expected to be gradually delivered and put into operation in the second half of 2025,
           driving the resumption of stable growth in revenue from imaging centers.




8   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


On the whole, our revenue from the core imaging center services remained relatively
stable. Faced with the continued downward trend in the overall macroeconomic
environment and the tightening regulatory environment in the healthcare industry,
particularly in the first half of 2025, numerous provinces and regions across China
successively implemented policies on adjusting fees for imaging examinations, entailing
higher requirements for the revenue model and profitability of the medical imaging
services industry. Leveraging our forward-looking strategic layout, sound operational
management capabilities and solid foundation in regional markets, our imaging center
business network has demonstrated remarkable operational resilience and risk tolerance.
Despite the direct impact of the price adjustment in examination services, revenue from
the Company’s imaging center business generally remained stable during the Reporting
Period. We are committed to continuously exploring diverse approaches to expand our
imaging center business and diversifying our partnerships. In addition to collaborating on
imaging center business with public hospitals, we are actively exploring imaging center
collaborations with high-quality medical institutions with social capital. In addition to
building our own imaging centers, we are actively expanding our medical imaging center
network through various initiatives, including investment, mergers and acquisitions,
and incubation of industry funds. Other than expanding our traditional imaging center
business, we are also adjusting our product strategy to standardize and disaggregate our
imaging center services into lightweight, modular products with multiple scales, so as to
enhance service flexibility and expand our customer base.

In February 2025, we successfully implemented an innovative imaging business model
— an expansion from a flagship imaging center to a regional shared imaging sub-center.
Relying on the flagship imaging center, Xiangtan Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnostic
Center (湘潭一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心) (“Xiangtan Center”), we partnered with Xiangtan
First People’s Hospital to establish a regional shared imaging sub-center at the hospital
through a “one license for multiple locations” approach. In the same month, the
Xiangtan Center successfully added a practice address to its medical practice license.
The implementation of this innovative model marked the successful construction of a
light-asset, efficient expansion path with the flagship center as the hub and expanding
to regional medical institutions. The “one license for multiple locations” model has
significantly reduced the policy barriers and time costs of establishing sub-centers.
Leveraging the flagship center’s mature operating system, technical standards and
expert resources, we have ensured the homogeneity and high level of service quality of
the sub-centers, thereby achieving the optimized allocation and efficient coordination of
imaging diagnostic resources in the region.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            In June 2025, we completed the acquisition of a 70% equity interest in Gaomai Health.
            By integrating Gaomai Health’s high-quality molecular imaging center resources
            accumulated in the field of nuclear medicine deep disciplinary expertise and research and
            development capabilities in nuclear drugs, we have strengthened our core capabilities in
            nuclear medicine project development, management and operations. In the meantime,
            by leveraging Gaomai Health’s strengths in nuclear drug research and development, we
            have enhanced our precision diagnostic capabilities in nuclear medicine. Such initiatives
            have laid a solid foundation for achieving synergistic development in our medical imaging
            business, promoting industry innovation and upgrading, deepening regional market
            development and developing diversified business growth paths.

            During the Reporting Period, we continued to expand and develop our imaging center
            services in China and reinforced our leading market position as follows, forming a
            nationwide network system connecting various cities, counties and towns which
            comprises centers of “flagship, regional collaboration, specialized medical consortium
            and operational management”:

            A.     Developed projects. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we newly
                   developed 11 imaging centers (based on the signing of agreements), comprising
                   one flagship imaging center, one regional collaborative imaging center, 8
                   specialized medical consortium imaging centers and one operational management
                   imaging center; we also renewed one existing project upon its expiration (i.e.,
                   the Specialized Medical Consortium Imaging Center Project of Ganzhou Renxin
                   Health Examination Center). As at June 30, 2025, our Company had developed a
                   total number of 126 imaging centers, comprising 10 flagship imaging centers, 34
                   regional collaborative imaging centers, 68 specialized medical consortium imaging
                   centers and 14 operational management imaging centers.

            B.     Operated projects. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we commenced
                   the operation of 12 imaging centers (based on the signing of operation confirmation
                   letters), comprising 2 regional collaborative imaging centers, 9 specialized medical
                   consortium imaging centers and one operational management imaging center.
                   As at June 30, 2025, our Company operated a total number of 115 imaging
                   centers, comprising 9 flagship imaging centers, 30 regional collaborative imaging
                   centers, 60 specialized medical consortium imaging centers and 16 operational
                   management imaging centers, with a total of 34 practicing licenses for medical
                   institutions, including 33 third-party medical imaging center licenses in effect in
                   China and one internet hospital license.




10   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


C.   Projects under development. As at June 30, 2025, there were 11 imaging centers
     under development (referring to imaging centers under development but not yet
     operational), comprising one flagship imaging center, 3 regional collaborative
     imaging centers and 7 specialized medical consortium imaging centers, all of which
     are expected to begin operation in the second half of 2025.

Imaging Solution Services

Our imaging solution services primarily include: (i) equipment selection and configuration;
(ii) infrastructure renovation services; (iii) training services; (iv) repair and maintenance
services; and (v) Rimag Cloud platform-related services. We generally offer our
service modules, primarily including: equipment selection and configuration services,
infrastructure renovation services, and training services, as equipment-centered
one-stop solution packages to our customers. Customers are also able to purchase
separate service modules, such as repair and maintenance services, from us. Our goal
is to enhance our customers’ ability to serve patients through our imaging empowering
solutions, realizing that “using a good equipment is more important than buying a good
equipment”.

During the Reporting Period, our revenue generated from the imaging solution services
was approximately RMB160.9 million, representing (i) a year-on-year increase of 88.9%
as compared to approximately RMB85.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024;
and (ii) a period-to-period increase of RMB108.5 million, or 207.1%, as compared to
approximately RMB52.4 million for the second half of 2024.

The increase in revenue from imaging solution services was mainly due to the ongoing
benefits brought by the national policy on new medical infrastructure and the gradual
recovery in demand for medical equipment upgrades since the end of 2024, which have
led to steady growth in revenue from empowerment business. Besides, the Group has
developed more flexible and diversified individual empowerment products, resulting
in a significant increase in customer base and injecting new vitality into the Group’s
revenue growth. At the same time, the Company has disaggregated its infrastructure
transformation services, training services, repair and maintenance services and Rimag
Cloud platform-related services into multiple independently combinable, lightweight
modular products. This approach has enhanced the flexibility of imaging solution
services, effectively lowered the barrier to adoption for customers and rapidly expanded
the coverage of customers and users.




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Rimag Cloud Services

            Our Rimag Cloud platform is designed with reference to the whole process and features
            step-by-step research and development in a modular manner. Our Rimag Cloud services
            help medical institutions reduce labor costs, standardize workflow procedures, and
            realize data-driven management, thereby improving the service capabilities of these
            medical institutions and the medical experience of their patients. Our Rimag Cloud
            platform is composed of various modules. The modules of our commercialized Rimag
            Cloud platform mainly include: (i) medical imaging workflow modules; (ii) operational
            management modules; and (iii) data and AI modules.

            As of June 30, 2025, we had 97 software copyright certificates and 2 medical device
            registration certificates relating to the Rimag Cloud platform, and obtained 2 invention
            patents and had 3 invention patent applications under review.

            Our revenue generated from the Rimag Cloud services for the six months ended June
            30, 2025 was approximately RMB6.5 million, representing a decrease of 31.9% as
            compared to approximately RMB9.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The
            decrease in revenue was mainly due to the decrease in one-time revenue from software
            sales. Revenue from cloud platform services maintained steady growth, representing an
            increase of 16.9% from approximately RMB5.6 million for the six months ended June 30,
            2024.

            Rimag Cloud service is the pivotal link connecting our traditional medical services,
            data services and AI research and development. As the core vehicle for the Company’s
            digital strategy, it not only supports national policies of healthcare interconnection
            through robust information technology, but has also established a complete closed loop
            integrating data, algorithms and scenario through data accumulation, governance and AI
            incubation. This provides the Company with the potential to upgrade traditional medical
            services and commercialize data services, and will serve as the core driver of our future
            exponential development.

            In the aspect of cloud films, we actively support national policies on “mutual recognition
            of examination results” and “cloud imaging index sharing” to fully replace physical films
            with cloud films. This initiative has significantly reduced patient costs per visit, effectively
            increased the frequency of cross-hospital mutual recognition and reduced duplicate
            examinations. With cloud films being included in medical insurance reimbursement
            catalogs in numerous regions, the project is accelerating its successful transition from
            a “supply-based” to a “fee-based” model, becoming a significant source of sustainable
            revenue growth.




12   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


In the area of data governance, leveraging our nationwide imaging network, we
have begun exploring the construction of a massive standardized resource library to
strengthen data governance capabilities (such as data labeling and cleansing) and the
output capacity of data governance products. At the same time, we have been leveraging
our strength on data to develop relevant AI ecosystem strategies.

In January 2025 and March 2025, Nanchang Rimag Medical Imaging Diagnostic Co.,
Ltd. (南昌一脈陽光醫學影像診斷有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, obtained the first
public disclosure and registration for the State’s first “Medical Imaging Smart Platform
Standard Database”. Subsequently, Beijing Rimag Medical Information Technology Co.,
Ltd. (北京一脈陽光醫學信息技術有限公司) continued to complete the public disclosure
and registration for the “Set of Standards for Medical Imaging Structured Data”. Both
companies have also successfully obtained the “Data Resource Registration Certificate”,
accomplishing the first procedure in transforming data resources into data assets.

In February 2025, the Company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Xunfei
Healthcare Technology Co., Ltd. (訊飛醫療科技股份有限公司) (shares of which are
listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2506)), a leading Chinese medical artificial
intelligence company. The agreement aims to deepen collaboration in areas such
as joint market development in advantageous regions, collaboration on competitive
products and business models, exploration of innovative investment models, co-building
a regional trusted medical data space, joint research and development of medical big
models and medical imaging AI diagnostic big models, and exploration of intelligent
health management services. The goal is to jointly create replicable and scalable smart
healthcare solutions to accelerate the implementation of the “Healthy China 2030”
strategy.

In April 2025, Beijing Rimag Medical Information Technology Co., Ltd. (北京一脈
陽光醫學信息技術有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, listed “CT Chest Lesion
Annotation Data (CT 胸部病變標註數據)” on the Shanghai Data Exchange (listing number:
1571967301-YLIIIEJ5101) and simultaneously obtained a data supplier certification
(supplier certification number: GXESP12025033174B). The certification demonstrates
the core value of medical data assetization from the perspective of data circulation
compliance, signifies the market foundation for the transformation from “data resources”
to “data assets,” and provides compliance certification for the efficient circulation of
medical data elements in scientific research, AI training and other scenarios. In the
same month of the launch of data, the “AI and Innovative Application Committee of the
Shanghai Federation of Modern Service Industries” was officially established, and the
Company was appointed as its president unit. The committee comprises government
departments, industry leaders, research institutions, and capital investors. The Company
will work with committee members to promote the joint development of technical
standards, cross-industry data sharing and the integration of international resources.



                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            In June 2025, based on the data governance service capabilities of the Company, the
            Nanchang Municipal Government of Jiangxi Province designated the Company as a
            member of the Nanchang Digital Business Ecosystem Alliance. The membership allows
            us to participate in the development of Nanchang trusted data space infrastructure,
            helping Nanchang establish itself as a national benchmark for market-oriented reform
            of data elements. The deep involvement in the development of core data infrastructure
            signifies that the Company’s expertise in the marketization of data elements has been
            fully recognized by government departments.

            During the Reporting Period, the Company’s ongoing “Interconnected Network” project
            in the Xiangtan region achieved significant progress, successfully completing deployment
            and meeting acceptance requirements. The project has successfully built an integrated
            medical imaging cloud platform for nine hospitals, integrating and deploying core
            systems encompassing data collection and management, imaging cloud platforms,
            mutual recognition and supervision on regional imaging data, medical imaging quality
            control, remote consultation, AI integrated auxiliary diagnosis and remote teaching and
            training, thus effectively enabling the interconnection and sharing of imaging data among
            local medical institutions. The project has not only established a benchmark for regional
            medical imaging cloud platforms, but also strongly demonstrated the Company’s ability
            to integrate solutions at scale and significantly enhanced its market competitiveness and
            brand influence. Meanwhile, by promoting the establishment of a unified local imaging
            standard and quality control system, the Company has further solidified its leading
            position in the field of medical data standardization. The project is closely aligned with
            national policy guidelines on tiered diagnosis and treatment, which have demonstrated
            both social and commercial value in implementing healthcare reform. Furthermore, the
            successful integration of core functions such as AI auxiliary diagnosis has laid a solid
            foundation for expanding the boundaries of intelligent medical services and exploring
            new AI commercialization models, driving the Company’s future business growth in all
            aspects.




14   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Overseas Business Department

Faced with the temporary pressure of slowing market demand and intensified industry
competition in the domestic medical industry, the Company has actively promoted
strategic transformation and accelerated the deployment of overseas markets. As such,
its overseas business has achieved substantial breakthroughs in key markets such as
East Asia, Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa. During the Reporting Period,
our overseas business department signed contracts for 15 sales projects. In May
2025, Rimag-EC Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (一脈醫思醫療科技有限公司) (“Rimag-
EC”), a company established through joint investment by us and EC Healthcare (醫
思健康) (shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2138)),
officially commenced operations. Rimag-EC will serve as the supply chain platform
and empowerment center for EC Healthcare group, integrating resources from over
10 upstream suppliers to provide full-cycle operational management and economic
activation system upgrades, clinical effectiveness solution system upgrades and clinical
effectiveness solutions for EC Healthcare’s eight medical institutions. In January
2025, we reached a million US dollar medical equipment cooperation agreement with
the International Blantyre Cancer Centre in the Republic of Malawi to introduce high-
precision medical imaging equipment for enhancing local tumor imaging diagnostic
capabilities. This cooperation also marked a substantial breakthrough in the Company’s
overseas expansion strategy in the African market. In March 2025, we launched
our first cross-border medical consumables supply trial with the Republic of Sierra
Leone, successfully completing the cross-border delivery of the first batch of contrast
media products. We are also actively negotiating and promoting strategic partnership
opportunities with over three professional medical institutions in key regions such as
Singapore, Malaysia and North Africa, as well as exploring mergers and acquisitions,
joint ventures and diversified partnership models, in order to build a wide-ranging
multinational medical imaging service network.

During the Reporting Period, we completed the design of a service product for
standardized remote operation of radiologic technologists and successfully established
a technical channel for overseas remote operation. The product solution can effectively
relieve the dual bottlenecks of local medical manpower shortages and high operating
costs. With its significant cost-effectiveness and rapid deployment capabilities, it can
help customers to optimize resource allocation, support the accelerated development of
emerging overseas markets, and drive sustainable business growth.

We will adhere to the strategy of relying on the ultimate cost-effectiveness of Chinese
manufacturing and moderate investments with service as the priority, and continuing
to consolidate the foundation of our overseas business, so as to gradually realize our
beautiful vision of “focusing on global resources to make health borderless”.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Integrated One-Stop Ecosystem Platform Centered around Our Three Key Business
            Segments

            We build our service capability output through three parts of our business, namely
            imaging center services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud services, which
            are mutually supportive and transformative. Targeting different pain points and needs of
            our customers, we can provide different service packages to satisfy their needs. These
            three core businesses form a one-stop ecosystem platform, making it link the different
            participants, and we enable each role in this ecosystem platform to gain their own value
            embodiment or value interaction.

            The following diagram illustrates the integrated one-stop ecosystem platform centered
            around our three key business segments:

                                       :NXKKIUXKH[YOTKYYKYULZNK)USVGT_LUXSGUTKYZUV
                                             KIUY_YZKSIUTTKIZOTMJOLLKXKTZVGXZOIOVGTZY
                                                                                                                                    '/9KX\OIK
                                                                                                                                    6XU\OJKXY

                                                                                                   '/:KINTOIGR             'VVROIGZOUT
                                                                                                       :UURY                 9IKTGXOU


                                                                                          8OSGM)RU[J
                                   5ZNKX                                                    9KX\OIK                                                                                             3KJOIGR
                                 6GXZOIOVGTZY                                                                                                                                                  /TYZOZ[ZOUTY
                                                                                                                                                                             6G_SKTZUL,KKY
                                                       /TJ[YZX_                                                                                                               GIIUXJOTMZU
                                                       +^VKXZOYK                                                                                                               'MXKKSKTZ

                                                                               3KJOIGR/SGMOTM     *GZG         '/      5VKXGZOUTGR
                                                                               ([YOTKYY6XUIKYY 3GTGMKSKTZ 3GTGMKSKTZ 3GTGMKSKTZ
                                          8KYKGXIN                                 3UJ[RK          3UJ[RK     /TZKMXGZOUT  3UJ[RK
                                        'INOK\KSKTZY                                                            3UJ[RK                                                             +TNGTIK/SGMOTM
                                                                                                                                                                                     )GVGHOROZOKY

                                                                                                                            9SGXZ
                                                               *GZG'YYKZY                      )UTTKIZOUT
                                                                                                                       :KINTURUM_GTJ
                                                                GTJ*GZG                         ZU)RU[J
                                                                                                                           (OM*GZG                *GZG;VRUGJ
                                                                9KX\OIKY                         6RGZLUXS
                                                                                                                           9KX\OIKY

                                                                                                                                                                                                              :KINTURUMOIGR
             /TTU\GZO\K3UJKR                                                                                      'II[S[RGZK                 /SGMOTM
            8KMOUTGR9NGXOTM3UJKR
                                                                       /SGMOTM)KTZKXY                                )UXK
                                                                                                                   )GVGHOROZOKY
                                                                                                                                          9UR[ZOUT9KX\OIKY                                                     /TTU\GZOUT
                                                                                                                       GTJ
                                                                                                                   :XGTYLUXS
                                                                                                                                                                                                         *GZGJXO\KT9KX\OIKY
                                                                                                                       ZU
                                                                                                                    9UR[ZOUTY
                                                                                                                                     +W[OVSKTZ /TLXGYZX[IZ[XK 'TGR_YOYUL
                                        +SHKJJOTM                      ,RGMYNOV          8KMOUTGR)URRGHUXGZO\K                     9KRKIZOUTGTJ 8KTU\GZOUT )ROTOIGR/SGMOTM
                                       9KX\OIKYGTJ                                                                                )UTLOM[XGZOUT 9KX\OIKY      )GVGHOROZOKY

                                        :KINTURUM_                                                                                                                                    6G_SKTZ
                                                                                                                                                                                        UL,KKY
                                                                   9VKIOGRO`KJ3KJOIGR      5VKXGZOUTGR                                7[GROZ_    :XGOTOTMUL 8KVGOXGTJ
                                                                      )UTYUXZO[S            3GTGMKSKTZ             +^ZKTJZU3UXK      )UTZXUR   3KJOIGR9ZGLL 3GOTZKTGTIK
                                                                                                                  /SGMOTM)KTZKXY
                                              /SGMOTM                                                                                                                             7[GROZ_
                                             +W[OVSKTZ                                                                                                                           3KJOIGR
                                                                                                                                                                                 /SGMOTM
                                                                                                                                                                                  9KX\OIKY

                            /SGMOTM+W[OVSKTZ                                                                                                                                         6GZOKTZY5ZNKX
                               3GT[LGIZ[XKX                                                                                                                                         .KGRZNIGXK)UTY[SKXY
                                                                                                   9SGXZ                    9VKIOGRO`KJ
                                                                                                =UXQYZGZOUT                   )ROTOIGR
                                                                                                GTJ:XGOTOTM                1TU]RKJMK
                                                                                                 6XUMXGSY                    GTJ9QORRY




                                                                                                                                   8GJOURUMOYZY5ZNKX
                                                                                                                                  3KJOIGR6XULKYYOUTGRY




16   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


Individual Empowerment Products

In the first half of 2025, the Company implemented key strategy optimization for the
products across its three business segments, emphasizing on the extension and
coverage of flexible, asset-light individual empowerment products. While focusing on
the business model of developing imaging centers, we have also established an asset-
light service system based on the principle of “modular output + ecological expansion”.
We have disaggregated and standardized our existing imaging center services, imaging
solution services and Rimag Cloud services into over 30 independently combinable,
lightweight and compact modular products, thus achieving “standardized output +
customized combination”. This strategy has significantly enhanced service flexibility and
market responsiveness, effectively lowering the barrier to adoption for customers.

During the Reporting Period, the rapid expansion of our asset-light, individual
empowerment model successfully led to the addition of 354 new customers for our
imaging solution services. The rapid user growth achieved through this flexible, asset-
light, individual empowerment model has generated a strong scale effect and has
become a key engine driving the Company’s overall growth. This large user base not
only creates broader market access and cross-selling opportunities for our business, but
also helps optimize our cost structure and enhance the efficiency and profitability of our
overall service network. This ultimately builds a comprehensive and hard-to-replicate
competitive advantage centered on user scale, enabling deep synergy and mutual
feedback among our various businesses, and driving the Company onto a path of high-
quality and sustainable growth.


                                          Remote Diagnosis/Consultation Service for Radiology Departments                                                                                    Single Repair, Single Maintenance, Labor and
                                                                                                                                                                                             Technical Warranty, Gold Warranty,
                                                   Nuclear Medicine Remote Diagnosis Services                                                                                                Platinum Warranty, Worry-free Relocation
                                                                                                                                                     Repair and
                           Provincial and National Expert Remote Consulting Services                                                                 Maintenance                                      Report on Current Status of Hospital
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Construction Management Capabilities
        Diagnostic Services are Limited                                  Platform                                                                                                                     and Suggestions for Improvement
              to Doctors in the Centers                                Cooperation                Medical Imaging            Medical Equipment                   Consulting                              Overall Assessment Report on
                                                                                                   Empowerment                   Full Life                                                               Current Status of Imaging Centers
                                                                                                                                                                 Services
                                                                 Cloud Films                         Services                  Cycle Service                       Design Consulting                       Computer Room or Functional Area
                                                                                                                                                                   Services                                Assessment Report
                                              Refined Management System                                                                                              Construction Consulting
                                                                                                                                                                     Services                                New Built Imaging Center Plan
                                                  Quality Control System                Information and                                                                Certificate Consulting                Report (With Drawings)

                                                 AI Integrated Platform
                                                                                           Intelligent
                                                                                            Solutions           Individual                Medical Construction
                                                                                                                                                                       Services                               Construction Drawing Design
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Optimization Report and Construction
                                               ISPACS System Platform
                                                      Medical Imaging
                                                                                                               Empowerment                Professional Service
                                                                                                                                           Integrated Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Budget Report (Including Bidding List)
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Construction Supervision Report
                                                  Data Assetization and
                                                   Application Platform
                                                                                      Integrated Quality
                                                                                     Control Management
                                                                                                                 Products                                                                                     (Weekly or Monthly)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Completion Acceptance Report
 Imaging Academy Leadership Program              Regional Interconnectivity                Solution
                                                  and Mutual Recognition                                                                                                                                     Final Accounts Report
 Comprehensive Technical Empowerment                              Platform                                                                                                                                 Post-Operation Construction Quality
  Special Technology and Disease-Specific              Remote Consultation                                                                                                                                 Inspection Report
                                                                     System                           Empowering             Imaging Peripheral                Consumables
                                 Courses
                                                                                                     Medical Imaging           Product Supply                  Sales                                  Decoration, Shielding and Protection
    Stationed by Technicians from Imaging
                       Technology Centers                                RMBA                            Talents               Chain Services               Ancillary                                 Engineering Design Services
      Remote Hosting of Imaging Technology                       Leadership Class                                                                           Equipment                               Structural, Fire Protection and Intelligent
                           Center Equipment                                                                                                                                                         System Design Services
                                                              Comprehensive Technical
   New Imaging Technology Application Training                                                                                                                                                   Commissioned Construction Services and
                                                                      Empowerment
                               Product Solutions                                                                                                                                                 Construction Leasing Services
                    Rimag Online Learning Platform
                                                                                                                                                                                            Agency Services for Construction-related Certificates
                                Data Annotation Project

                            MRI DTI Post-Processing Project                                                                                                                         Films, Disposable High-pressure Angiography Injector,
                                                                                                                                                                                    Disposable Closed Intravenous Catheter

                                                                                                                                                                            Magnetic Resonance Coil




                                                                                                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025                                                                       17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Forming a Unique Ecological Closed-Loop Application in Medical Imaging AI
            Industry Integrating Data, Algorithm and Scenario

            Based on the one-stop ecosystem platform formed by the three core businesses,
            Rimag has taken the lead in opening up the core pathway for the commercialization of
            medical imaging AI by building a full-link closed-loop ecosystem from its own imaging
            center network to AI large model applications. Its value lies in the deep integration of
            high-quality data production entry at the physical level, model training at the technical
            level and scenario implementation at the application level, forming a complete AI industry
            closed-loop of “data, large model and application”, thereby shaping the exemplary
            paradigm of “AI combining with medical” in industrial application.

            At the physical level, the nationwide network of imaging centers is both a natural entry
            point for acquiring massive amounts of imaging data and a terminal scenario for the
            implementation of AI products. This “integration of data and scenario” structure solves
            the problem of data silos and fragmented application scenarios that the medical AI
            industry has long faced.

            At the data level, based on the Company’s nationwide network of 115 medical imaging
            centers, an average of 20,000 to 30,000 cases of standardized medical imaging data are
            generated and accumulated every day. The high-quality structured imaging data set that
            has been cleaned, organized and being not subjected to privacy is formed by relying on
            standardized imaging data and a unified quality control system. This provides fuel for
            training medical imaging Large Foundation Model with clinical practicality. Compared
            with open source data, this specialized disease data set that has undergone strict quality
            control has higher labeling accuracy and clinical consistency, and can break through
            the generalization bottleneck of traditional AI models caused by data noise, thus truly
            unleashing the deep value of imaging data assets.

            At the AI model level, through the world’s first full-modal and full-process medical
            imaging Large Foundation Model and the open medical imaging AI research platform
            independently developed by Medical Image Insights, a “smart manufacturing factory”,
            a complete medical imaging AI system, has been established, enabling the medical
            imaging AI industry to transform from the “1.0 era” of Single Disease Model to the “2.0
            era” of Large Foundation Model.




18   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis


At the application level, the medical institutions covered by the Company’s imaging
center network, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud services are the most direct
users of the Company ’s medical imaging AI products. The application of medical imaging
AI in imaging diagnosis can greatly improve the diagnostic capabilities and efficiency
of medical institutions, while reducing the cost of investment on basic imaging doctors.
The Large Foundation Model, which is continuously iterated based on real-scenario data,
continuously optimizes diagnostic accuracy through an adaptive learning mechanism,
and feeds back to the imaging center’s intelligent film reading system, auxiliary
diagnostic tools and other application modules, forming an enhanced closed-loop of
“data feeding model, model optimization service and service generating new data”.

The following chart shows the ecological closed-loop of medical imaging AI industry
application centered around data, large model and application scenario:

                                                                                        A complete closed loop from
                                                                                        data to algorithms to application
                                                                                        scenarios and back to data
                                                        Self-produce and own
                                                        image data,
                                                        with data annotation




                                                                                  Models and Algorithms




                                      Self-owned data                               Foundation models and
                                                                                          algorithms
                                                                                       form AI products




            Real-world usage in application
            scenarios, continuously generating
            further data and optimizing algorithms
                                                           Application scenario




Talent Development Program

Always adhering to the principle of regarding talent as our principal strategic asset,
we have built a sustainable ecosystem driven by the dual tracks of “management
empowerment + professional improvement” to drive technological innovation, upgrade
medical imaging service capabilities and attain sustainable growth.

In the first half of 2025, the Group deeply integrated its talent development system
into its organizational strategy. Through four pillars, namely talent review, young cadre
training program, management trainee program and equity incentives, the Group has
built an inherent talent ecosystem that can drive sustainable business development:




                                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Talent review has transcended traditional assessment tools and become a photoscope
            for strategic implementation. Through scientific modeling and multi-dimensional
            diagnostics, the system can identify high-potential talent and capability gaps, dynamically
            aligning talent development with business direction. The system can address identified
            shortcomings in cross-departmental collaboration and strategic thinking through timely
            and customized interventions, so as to ensure organizational capabilities remain aligned
            with market demands.

            The young cadre training program aims to strategically cultivate talents by transitioning
            to management levels. This modular training system integrates professional depth,
            management breadth and innovative thinking, fostering a pipeline of imparting
            experience through executive mentorship. This innovative program employs a three-
            dimensional modular approach combining “professional competence + practical training
            + soft skills”, complemented by a closed-loop system of mentors from mid-level and
            senior management, business mentors and human resources tutors, has strengthened
            the Group’s high-quality management talent reserve in administrative managers,
            development leaders, operations and medical technology positions, injecting new vitality
            into the management team.

            Through “quality selection of reserve cadres” and “university-enterprise collaboration for
            targeted conversion,” the program injects new vitality and fresh blood into the Group’s
            teams of elite management trainees and professional imaging technologists every
            year. Centering on the “New Light Program, the management trainee program spans a
            training cycle of two years. Trainees undergo a 6-month cross-functional rotation to gain
            exposure to the entire business chain with the dynamic guidance by two mentors from
            business directors and human resources business partners. A quarterly performance
            review and elimination mechanism (with warnings for scores below 70) is also in place
            that accelerates the incubation of versatile talents. Meanwhile, the Group collaborates
            with a number of universities for targeted cultivation and conversion, ensuring a steady
            supply of professional imaging technologists for Rimag from the perspectives of cultural
            integration and technological capability, thereby comprehensively supporting the
            management and professional needs of the Group.

            Equity incentives build a talented workforce with shared value, deeply connecting
            organizations and individuals. Through a dual screening mechanism based on
            performance and potential, core talent is transformed from executors to partners in
            the business. This shift from “employment” to “co-creation” not only improves talent
            retention but also stimulates organizational innovation, creating long-term growth
            momentum that resonates with strategic goals and individual values.




20   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


During the Reporting Period, our professional medical imaging service capabilities have
achieved the following improvements:

A.   We continued to advance the development of professional capabilities in medical
     imaging. We conducted 256 specialized training sessions on medical imaging,
     covering 2,988 participants. These included 174 sessions with diagnostic training
     and expert mentoring, and 82 sessions of practical guidance for technical
     improvement, comprehensively enhancing the diagnostic and treatment capabilities
     of primary care teams. An expert committee led 27 clinical mentoring sessions
     (covering 1,067 participants), promoting standardized construction through real
     case studies. We conducted 122 regional mentoring sessions in Jiangxi Province to
     strengthen resource collaboration. Our Imaging Academy conducted 18 specialized
     training sessions and 54 technical mentoring sessions, covering multiple
     subspecialties including cardiovascular, neurological, musculoskeletal, abdominal,
     breast and chest imaging.

B.   Disease-specific imaging examinations and imaging specialties technology with the
     brand mark of Rimag continued to develop and create high net value income for the
     Group, forming a unique and innovative path for the Group’s professional operation
     and development. Through various attempts, the Group launched disease-specific
     imaging examinations for scoliosis, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases,
     Alzheimer’s disease, rectal cancer staging, and arterial plaque screening (vascular
     high-resolution) in the first phase, and successfully joined the “China AD Preclinical
     Alliance (中國 AD 臨床前期聯盟)”, realizing the linkage resource circulation between
     authoritative medical organizations and the Group’s imaging centers in the
     clinical research on aging diseases in China; launched multiple imaging specialty
     technologies, such as MR examination of temporomandibular joints, MR scanning
     of breast + dynamic enhancement scanning, ultrasound of muscles and bones, MR
     scanning of cranial nerves, and CT examination of stomach and small intestines.

C.   We continued to maintain the academic communication between radiologists and
     clinicians. Our imaging centers continued to communicate with clinicians to deliver
     new technologies and examinations, and organized a total of 237 clinical academic
     conferences. Through the communication and knowledge transfer between imaging
     centers and clinicians, based on high-quality imaging, we helped clinicians set
     up specialty clinics (such as brain health specialty clinics, lung nodule specialty
     clinics, carotid plaque specialty clinics, etc.) to develop key clinical specialties
     and enhance the overall diagnostic and treatment technology and academic
     development of hospitals.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            D.     We emphasized the cultivation and reserve of the Group’s professional talents. We
                   always value the cultivation of new force and the reserve of professional talents.
                   The Group’s Imaging Academy focused on promoting cooperation with medical
                   colleges and universities in respect of apprenticeship, internship and directed
                   training and employment, the establishment of training bases, and the research
                   and development cooperation with college expert teams in the area of artificial
                   intelligence, and achieved multi-dimensional cooperation with three institutions.
                   Meanwhile, certain flagship centers proactively expanded exchanges and
                   collaborations with colleges and universities and signed training base agreements
                   with two institutions, further strengthening the talent pool and academic support
                   system for our primary imaging teams.


     II.    FINANCIAL REVIEW
            Overview

            The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the
            financial information and the notes included elsewhere in this interim report.




22   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


Revenue

During the Reporting Period, we generated revenue primarily from three business lines,
namely: (i) imaging center services; (ii) imaging solution services and (iii) Rimag Cloud
services. The following table sets forth the components of our revenue for the periods
indicated:

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                     Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

Imaging center services                        Satisfaction of
                                                performance
                                                    obligation
– Flagship imaging centers                      Point in time            56,687            60,424
– Regional collaborative imaging centers        Point in time           184,446           182,677
– Specialized medical consortium                     Overtime            45,556            53,995
     imaging centers
– Operational management imaging centers             Overtime             12,938            21,857

                                                                        299,627           318,953

Imaging solution services
– Imaging equipment solutions                    Point in time          152,004             84,552
– Equipment maintenance services                    Overtime              8,895                628

                                                                        160,899             85,180

Rimag Cloud services
– Cloud platform services                           Overtime               6,523             5,580
– Sales of software                              Point in time                －              4,000

                                                                           6,523             9,580

                                                                        467,049           413,713


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue was approximately RMB467.0 million,
representing (i) a year-on-year increase of 12.9% as compared to approximately
RMB413.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024; and (ii) a period-to-period
increase of RMB120.2 million, or 34.6%, as compared to approximately RMB346.9
million for the second half of 2024.

The increase in the Group’s overall revenue was mainly due to the growth in revenue
from imaging solution services resulting from the increase in the number of customers.


                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Cost of Sales

            During the Reporting Period, our cost of sales primarily consisted of trading medical
            equipment, employee benefit expenses and depreciation of property, plant and
            equipment. The Group’s cost of sales for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was
            approximately RMB329.8 million, representing an increase of 29.8% as compared to
            approximately RMB254.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase
            was primarily attributable to the increase in the business volume of imaging solution
            services.

            Gross Profit and Gross Margin

            Gross profit represents our revenue less our cost of sales. As a result of the
            aforementioned factors, the gross profit of the Group decreased by 14.0% from
            approximately RMB159.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to
            approximately RMB137.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. Gross margin
            represents our gross profit as a percentage of our revenue. The gross margin of the
            Group decreased from 38.6% for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to 33.9% for the
            second half of 2024, and further decreased to 29.4% for the six months ended June 30,
            2025.

            The decline in gross profit and gross profit margin was primarily due to (i) the gradual
            implementation of the national policy on adjusting imaging examination fees in 2025,
            which had a certain impact on the gross profit of the Group’s certain imaging centers;
            and (ii) the in-depth promotion of equipment upgrades and renovations, as well as
            the increasing competitive pressure in the industry driven by centralized procurement
            of large-scale imaging equipment, which to some extent compressed the gross profit
            margin of solution services. In response to the above-mentioned changes arising from
            external policies and the competitive environment, the Company has proactively focused
            on refined operational management, continuously optimized its cost structure to improve
            operational efficiency, and launched more individual empowerment products with high
            profit margin. As such, the management believes that gross profit and gross profit
            margin will gradually increase.




24   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


Selling Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our selling expenses primarily consisted of employee
benefit expenses and marketing fees. The Group’s selling expenses for the six months
ended June 30, 2025 were approximately RMB26.9 million, representing a decrease of
18.5% as compared to approximately RMB33.0 million for the six months ended June 30,
2024. The decrease was mainly due to the Group’s vigorous implementation of a number
of measures to reduce cost and improve efficiency, strategies on marketing optimization
and focusing on resources and improvement of marketing efficiency in response to
cyclical adjustments in the industry.

Administrative Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our administrative expenses primarily consisted of
employee benefit expenses, listing expenses, depreciation of right-of-use assets,
traveling expenses, office expenses and entertainment fees. The Group’s administrative
expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were approximately RMB75.0 million,
representing a decrease of 32.5% as compared to approximately RMB111.1 million for
the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in
listing expenses.

Research and Development Expenses

During the Reporting Period, our research and development expenses primarily
consisted of employee benefit expenses, depreciation and amortization, and traveling
expenses. The Group’s research and development expenses for the six months ended
June 30, 2025 were approximately RMB7.6 million, representing an increase of 33.3%
as compared to approximately RMB5.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024.
The increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the investment on research and
development in the process of strategic reform on the research and development of
digitalization and AI.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Finance Income and Costs

            During the Reporting Period, our finance income represents interest income on bank
            deposits. Finance costs primarily consisted of (i) interest expenses on bank borrowings;
            (ii) finance expenses on lease liabilities; and (iii) interest expenses on other borrowings.
            The following table sets forth a breakdown of our finance income and costs for the
            periods indicated:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                         Unaudited         Unaudited
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

            Finance income:
            – Interest income from bank deposits                              2,931              1,143

            Finance costs:
            – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                            (5,016)           (2,381)
            – Interest expenses on other borrowings                           (6,775)           (4,572)
            – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                           (2,690)           (4,116)

                                                                            (14,481)           (11,069)
            Amount capitalized                                                   78                 20

            Total finance costs                                             (14,403)           (11,049)

            Finance costs – net                                             (11,472)            (9,906)


            Our net finance costs for the six months ended June 30, 2025 were approximately
            RMB11.5 million, representing an increase of 16.2% as compared to approximately
            RMB9.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in net finance
            costs was primarily attributable to the corresponding increase in financial leasing and
            bank borrowings resulting from newly developed imaging center projects.

            Income Tax Expense

            During the Reporting Period, our income tax expense was RMB8.7 million. Our income
            tax expense in respect of our operations in the PRC was subject to the statutory tax
            rate of 25% or preferential tax rate on the assessable profits for the six months ended
            June 30, 2025, based on the existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect
            thereof.




26   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


Profit for the Period

As a result of the foregoing, our profit for the period increased by 1,545.9% from
approximately RMB1.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to approximately
RMB15.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase was mainly due
to (i) growth in revenue from the increase in the number of customers; (ii) combined
effects of the Group’s various measures such as optimizing resource allocation,
improving processes and applying technology in response to cyclical adjustments in the
industry, which reduced unnecessary expenses while improving output and operational
efficiency, thereby achieving cost reduction and efficiency improvement; and (iii) the
gradual realization of financial income resulting from continuous investment in data
resources and AI.

Non-IFRS Measure

                                              For the six months ended
                                                       June 30,
                                                    2025              2024            Year-on-
                                                Unaudited         Unaudited               year
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000             change

Non-IFRS Measure:
EBITDA                                             135,443           114,132             18.7%


To supplement our consolidated statement of profit which are presented in accordance
with IFRS, we also use EBITDA (non-IFRS measure), which is not required by, or
presented in accordance with, IFRS.

We believe that the measure provides useful information to investors and others in
understanding and evaluating our condensed consolidated interim income statement
in the same manner as it helps our management. However, our presentation of EBITDA
(non-IFRS measure) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by
other companies. The use of the non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool
and, as such, it should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitute for analysis
of, our consolidated statements of comprehensive income or financial condition as
reported under IFRS. In addition, the non-IFRS measure may be defined differently from
similar terms used by other companies.

EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) is defined as profit before income tax plus finance costs,
depreciation of property, plant and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use assets and
amortization of intangible assets, less finance income.




                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            The following table reconciles our EBITDA (non-IFRS measure) in accordance with IFRS,
            our profit before income tax, for the periods indicated:

                                                                          For the six months ended
                                                                                   June 30,
                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                           Unaudited      Unaudited
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

            Profit before income tax                                           24,490          4,374
            Add: Finance costs                                                 14,403         11,049
            Add: Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 80,444         79,424
            Add: Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           17,016         18,496
            Add: Amortization of intangible assets                              2,021          1,932
            Less: Finance income                                               (2,931)        (1,143)
            EBITDA (non-IFRS measure)                                         135,443        114,132


            Capital Management

            We monitors capital (including shares and borrowings) by regularly reviewing the capital
            structure. Our objectives when managing capital are to safeguard our ability to continue
            as a going concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other
            stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the costs of capital.

            Liquidity and Capital Resources

            During the Reporting Period, we funded our working capital primarily from net cash
            generated from operating activities, bank borrowings, finance leases and equity
            financing. Our net cash generated from operating activities mainly consists of profit
            before income tax adjusted for (i) non-cash items, such as net finance costs, depreciation
            of property, plant and equipment and depreciation of right-of-use assets; (ii) the effects
            of changes in working capital, such as contract liabilities, trade payables, other payables
            and accruals, trade receivables and other receivables and prepayments; and (iii) the
            effects of interest received and income tax paid.

            We had cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB262.4 million and RMB364.7
            million as at December 31, 2024 and June 30, 2025, respectively. The increase in our
            cash and cash equivalents primarily reflected the proceeds from the placement of new H
            Shares during the Reporting Period.

            We recorded net cash generated from operating activities of approximately RMB34.1
            million and RMB93.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2025,
            respectively. The increase was primarily due to the strengthened management of
            accounts receivable and the optimization of cash flow.

28   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


Borrowings and Gearing Ratio

As at June 30, 2025, the aggregate balance of our borrowings was approximately
RMB416.3 million (approximately RMB433.2 million as at December 31, 2024), which
were all made in RMB, and approximately RMB354.9 million of them were at fixed
interest rates. As at June 30, 2025, all of our borrowings had been fully drawdown, and
there was no unutilized loan facilities from banks or financial leasing companies.

The gearing ratio (calculated based on total borrowings divided by total equity and
multiplied by 100%) of the Group as at June 30, 2025 was 25.6%, representing a
decrease of 3.6% as compared to 29.2% as at December 31, 2024, and the gearing ratio
has further improved.

Net Current Assets

As at June 30, 2025, our net current assets were approximately RMB620.4 million,
representing an increase of 25.1% as compared to approximately RMB496.0 million as
at December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in working
capital resulting from the placement of new H Shares.

Currency Risk

We are engaged in the provision of medical imaging services through the establishment
of medical imaging network, as well as operational management services, imaging
solution services and Rimag Cloud services in the PRC with almost all the transactions
denominated and settled in RMB, which is the functional currency of the Group
companies. Therefore, our foreign exchange risk is limited. We currently do not have
a foreign currency hedging policy, and manage the foreign currency risk by closely
monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates. As at June 30, 2025, we had no
material foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Therefore, we did not have
any significant foreign exchange risk.

Significant Investments/Future Plans in relation to Significant Investments or
Capital Assets

As at June 30, 2025, we did not make or hold any significant investments (including
any investment in an investee company with a value of 5% or more of the Group’s total
assets as at June 30, 2025).

As at the date of this interim report, we do not have any future plans for significant
investments or capital assets.




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

            During the Reporting Period, we did not have material acquisitions or disposals of
            subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

            Capital Expenditure

            During the Reporting Period, our total capital expenditure amounted to approximately
            RMB23.7 million, which was incurred mainly for the purchase of equipment and
            intangible assets such as software.

            Pledge of Assets

            As at June 30, 2025, we had pledged machineries, cash at banks, trade receivable and
            equity of our subsidiaries in aggregate of approximately RMB476.5 million.

            Contingent Liabilities

            As at June 30, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities, guarantee, legal,
            arbitration or administrative proceedings that were expected to materially and adversely
            affect our financial condition or results of operations.

            Employees and Remuneration Policies

            As at June 30, 2025, we had 819 employees and 543 medical professionals (including
            full-time employees and part-time medical professionals). During the Reporting Period,
            our employee benefit expenses amounted to approximately RMB92.9 million (six months
            ended June 30, 2024: approximately RMB100.5 million).

            We are committed to establishing competitive and fair remuneration. In order to
            effectively motivate our employees, we continually refine our remuneration and incentive
            policies through market research. We conduct performance evaluation of our employees
            semiannually to provide feedback on their performance. Compensation for our employees
            typically consists of basic salary and a performance-based bonus. We provide social
            insurance plans and housing provident funds in accordance with applicable PRC laws
            and regulations to our employees. We pay great attention to our employees’ welfare, and
            continually improve our welfare system. We offer employees additional benefits such as
            annual leave, stipend, supplementary medical insurance, annuity, health examinations
            and medical insurance for family members, among others.

            To enhance the quality, knowledge, and skill levels of our employees, we continuously
            provide education and training programs, including internal and external training, to
            strengthen their technical, professional, or managerial skills. We also periodically offer
            training programs to ensure that employees are well-informed and compliant with our
            policies and procedures.

30   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


III.   FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND STRATEGIES

       Our goal is to become a global innovation leader in medical imaging services, building
       a whole value chain medical imaging platform encompassing “physical network + digital
       ecosystem + global services”. By continuously deepening our asset-light capabilities,
       strengthening data and AI-driven service innovation and rapidly expanding our domestic
       and international market coverage, we will further consolidate our leading position in the
       medical imaging industry and drive the industry towards a more efficient, intelligent and
       ecological future. To achieve this goal, we plan to implement the following strategies:

       1.   Deepen the three-dimensional layout of the national imaging center network,
            promote the expansion of our global service capabilities and build an
            upgraded version of the “imaging service” network

             We will use imaging center services as our cornerstone, leveraging the scale
             advantages and stable cash flow support of our nationwide network layout, and
             integrating the explosive growth momentum of “modular output + asset-light
             expansion” of imaging solution services to build an upgraded version of the “China
             Imaging Service” network with clear hierarchies, efficiency linkage and global
             extension, with a view to achieving a strategic advance from “physical network
             coverage” to “capability ecosystem penetration”.

             •     Regional shared imaging centers: We will build a primary medical
                   imaging infrastructure centered around “ resource sharing +
                   decentralized capabilities”. We will utilize regional shared imaging
                   centers as key nodes connecting counties and townships. We will deeply
                   integrate the proven model of “equipment sharing + doctor sharing +
                   data sharing” with the modular service advantages of imaging solutions
                   to achieve breakthroughs in both coverage breadth and service depth,
                   while continuously strengthening their core support role as a cornerstone.
                   Specifically, we will precisely cover areas with limited medical coverage.
                   In key regions such as Jiangxi, Hunan and Shaanxi, we will replicate our
                   experience operating under the “one license for multiple locations” model,
                   focusing on counties with highly insufficient medical resources. Through
                   the model of center-based network extension, we will expand the service
                   radius of a single regional shared center to 5-8 counties and townships,
                   encompassing more township health departments and community clinics.
                   To address the problem of not knowing how to use existing equipment at
                   the grassroots level, the “Basic Imaging Capability Package” (including
                   equipment operation and maintenance, on-site technician training and




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          remote diagnostic support) within the supporting imaging solution can
                          help primary medical institutions quickly acquire standardized imaging
                          examination capabilities. At the same time, we will continuously improve
                          efficiency and optimize costs. Through our Rimag Cloud platform, we
                          enable real-time upload of imaging data in the region and centralized cloud-
                          based diagnosis. We will also leverage the expert resources of flagship
                          centers to provide remote consultation support, shortening the diagnosis
                          cycle for difficult cases at the grassroots level. Meanwhile, we will integrate
                          regional examination needs for centralized scheduling and appointment.
                          Combined with the centralized procurement of consumables, which can
                          achieve the economies of scale of imaging solutions, we can reduce the cost
                          of each examination, benefiting the general public while ensuring the center ’s
                          continued profitability.

                   •      Flagship imaging centers: Building a regional imaging hub with the
                          three pillars of “clinical, research and high-end services”. We plan to use
                          flagship imaging centers as a gateway, leveraging the Group’s strategically
                          acquired resources and the centers’ research capabilities to establish them
                          as regional hubs for diagnosis of refractory diseases, high-end services
                          and innovative research and development. Through a strategy of deep
                          integration of clinical and research, we will deepen the collaboration of
                          our flagship centers in core cities with the “Secondary Imaging Departments”
                          of top-tier tertiary institutions, jointly establishing specialized studios for
                          cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and oncology diseases, and increasing the
                          annual number of high-end patients served and research cases. Leveraging
                          the nuclear medicine resources acquired through the acquisition of Gaomai
                          Health, we will complement our service capabilities with high-end equipment
                          and resources such as PET-CT, strengthen our comprehensive advantages in
                          general radiology and nuclear medicine diagnostics, and meet the needs of
                          precise diagnosis and treatment of high-end patients. We will also leverage
                          the flagship centers as a vehicle for innovative research and development
                          to empower the industry, and integrate Rimag Cloud’s tens of millions
                          of imaging data with Medical Image Insights’ full-modal Large Foundation
                          Model to develop multimodal imaging algorithms and provide data services.
                          For instance, aiming at early cancer screening, we will collaborate with
                          scientific research institutions to use the multimodal imaging data of flagship
                          centers to train AI models, and promote the clinical transformation of
                          scientific research results, enabling flagship centers to become both “clinical
                          service hubs” and “innovative incubation bases”.




32   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                Management Discussion and Analysis


•   Specialty and operational management centers: Leveraging “scenario
    customization + capability delivery” to achieve precise penetration of
    primary services. Our specialized medical consortium and operational
    management centers will focus on scenarios that meet urgent primary
    needs. Through a combination of customized services and standardized
    delivery, we will deeply connect with primary healthcare institutions and
    expand our service penetration. Firstly, we plan to implement precise
    coverage of specialized scenarios by promoting screening centers (such
    as screening imaging centers for low-dose lung cancer) in townships with
    high prevalence of major and chronic diseases. Incorporating AI-assisted
    diagnostic tools in our imaging solutions, we will increase early detection
    rates for primary diseases and establish a closed-loop management system
    from initial screening to follow-up to intervention. We will also continue to
    enhance operational management efficiency by providing partner hospitals
    with an upgraded standardized SOP system covering the entire process from
    appointment booking, examination, diagnosis and quality control. Combining
    with the “operational management module” (such as a refined scheduling
    system and cost control tools) in our imaging solutions, we can drive
    continued growth in the revenue and profit margins of these imaging centers.
    At the same time, through the “shifting from asset-light customer acquisition
    to asset-heavy deployment” transformation mechanism, we are gradually
    transforming solution customers into imaging center clients with whom we
    can engage in deep collaboration.

•   Strategic M&A accelerates network expansion: an acquisition strategy
    of “precise screening + ecosystem integration”. We will focus on three
    types of targets, namely filling regional gaps, strengthening technical
    shortcomings and integrating high-quality resources, to rapidly enhance the
    comprehensive coverage and depth of our imaging center network. We will
    prioritize acquiring established imaging centers in areas with intense medical
    resources but limited internal presence. For example, we will acquire regional
    imaging institutions with a stable customer base in promising regions such
    as Central China and Southwest China. Leveraging their local resources,
    we will rapidly form regional service clusters and create synergies with our
    existing network. We will also target specialized institutions with expertise
    in specialized fields such as nuclear medicine and functional imaging
    to complement the high-end service capabilities of our flagship imaging
    centers and strengthen our research and diagnosis capabilities of complex
    cases. We will also focus on targets with strong operational management
    experience or deep ties to primary healthcare institutions. By integrating
    their customer resources and operating models, we will transform them into




                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          operational management centers or specialized medical consortium centers,
                          thereby enhancing their penetration into the primary healthcare market. After
                          acquisition of the targets, we will achieve deep integration of the targets
                          with our existing network through the implementation of standardized SOP
                          systems, data sharing on Rimag Cloud platform, and cross-disciplinary talent
                          development, so as to unlock synergistic value in terms of regional coverage,
                          enhanced capabilities and cost optimization.

                   •      Global service network: We will promote the global expansion of
                          medical services through a “China Model + Local Adaptation” approach.
                          Leveraging our mature domestic network experience and the global
                          expansion advantages of our imaging solutions, we plan to accelerate our
                          overseas market presence and achieve the internationalization of “Chinese
                          imaging medical services”. We will achieve progressive breakthroughs in
                          capacity output in key regions such as Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore
                          and Malaysia. Initially, leveraging our cross-border imaging supply chain
                          collaboration platform, we will deliver supply chains of hardware equipment
                          and consumables, along with Rimag Cloud’s remote and information
                          systems. Combined with modular services of imaging solutions, we will
                          leverage our absolute cost and operational advantages to rapidly penetrate
                          local medical markets and reduce costs at local medical institutions.
                          We will then gradually establish imaging service sites in emerging
                          “Belt and Road” markets such as Malawi and Morocco through joint
                          ventures or wholly-owned equity. Referencing to the low-cost, high-
                          performance experience of domestic county-level imaging centers, we
                          will leverage hardware installation and remote service deployment as our
                          entry point to provide basic imaging examinations and remote diagnostic
                          services, gradually building a comprehensive imaging network covering local
                          communities. Simultaneously, we will adapt “lightweight imaging packages”
                          in our imaging solutions to meet the needs of emerging markets, enabling
                          rapid implementation and scale expansion.

                   Through the above multi-dimensional layout, we aim to achieve comprehensive,
                   precise coverage across China and breakthroughs in key global markets through
                   a single network of imaging medical services with Chinese characteristics. We will
                   leverage the solid foundation of our imaging centers, rapidly expand our service
                   offerings through imaging solutions, and enhance overall network efficiency
                   through the digital intelligence capabilities of Rimag Cloud services. Ultimately,
                   we will establish an upgraded system with a physical network as its backbone,
                   capability output as its lifeblood, and a digital ecosystem as its core, thereby
                   solidifying our leading position in the industry.




34   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Strengthen the asset-light engine function of imaging solution services and
     build a “full-cycle ecological service system”

     We will fully leverage the characteristics of asset-light, high-margin and rapid
     penetrating of our imaging solution services. Through precise value transfer, we
     will activate the industrial value of medical imaging services, break through the
     industry bottleneck of low third-party imaging market penetration, and achieve a
     full-cycle value upgrade from “customer coverage” to “ecosystem integration”. Our
     aggressive expansion of imaging solution services is fundamentally a complete
     shift in our market development approach - from “offsetting scale with store
     numbers” to “capturing the market through capability output”. Such approach lays
     the foundation for the Company’s transformation from a brick-and-mortar service
     provider to a platform-based enabler.

     •    “Zero store expansion” light-asset model: Bypassing the asset-
          heavy store expansion model, we rapidly penetrate the market with
          standardized service-focused products, achieving leapfrog growth in
          user numbers. We define the core competitiveness of our imaging solution
          services as disaggregating imaging services into replicable modular products
          (namely, “individual empowerment products”). Through a combination of
          “standardized output and customized offerings”, we rapidly reach business
          clients, thus creating a “zero store expansion” light-asset model. We
          anticipate adding more new customers this year than we did over the past
          decade combined. This growth rate far exceeds that of traditional imaging
          centers (which average approximately 10-15 new customers annually).
          This is primarily due to the low barrier to access these modular products
          - customers can quickly upgrade their imaging capabilities by purchasing
          service modules without building new facilities.

     •    Upgrade the diversified “individual empowerment product” matrix:
          Delivering value with precise modules to drive a structural increase
          in gross profit margin. We use “on-demand combinations” to precisely
          address the problems of different customers with modular products of
          imaging solution services, not only achieving efficient transmission of service
          value, but also driving overall profitability through high gross profit module
          combinations. We provide products and product combinations of varying
          sizes for customers at different levels, matching differentiated needs with




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   35
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          layered modules. Targeting the core problem of “not knowing how to use
                          existing equipment” in primary healthcare institutions, we will upgrade the
                          basic imaging capability package and launched a scientific research imaging
                          package to meet the needs of scientific research and precision diagnosis
                          of tertiary hospitals. We will focus on expanding high-end modules such
                          as AI-assisted tool integration and data governance services, and plan to
                          increase the gross profit margin of imaging services through a combination
                          of strategies for acquiring customers through basic modules and monetizing
                          high-end modules. We will also strengthen the industry-enabling effect
                          of value delivery of medical imaging service capabilities. Through modular
                          output, the experience in standardized operation system, training system
                          and quality control system accumulated by Rimag in imaging centers will be
                          transmitted to cooperative institutions, helping primary hospitals to improve
                          diagnostic accuracy and tertiary hospitals to accelerate scientific research
                          transformation, extending the value of medical imaging services from
                          inspection delivery to capacity improvement, and promoting the upgrading
                          of third-party imaging services from a supplementary role to medical system
                          infrastructure, thereby indirectly improving the overall penetration rate of the
                          industry.

                   •      Restructure our growth strategy: Shifting from light to heavy assets
                          to overcome penetration bottlenecks and expand market coverage.
                          Compared to traditional imaging centers, which typically require over
                          RMB10 million in construction costs and a 6-8 month development cycle
                          per center, solution services enable “zero store expansion” through
                          customer purchases of capability products. Meanwhile, through a customer
                          lifecycle management approach characterized by “light collaboration –
                          deep engagement”, we will transform the “traffic advantage” of solution
                          services into a “scale advantage” for market penetration, while continuously
                          amplifying profit contributions through customer retention and upgrades.
                          We will implement a transformational development strategy, “shifting
                          from asset-light customer acquisition to asset-heavy deployment”, using
                          capability products as a starting point. For first-time module customers
                          (such as community hospitals and private clinics), we will initially establish
                          partnerships with the customers with low-barrier product modules, and then
                          encourage them to join our regional shared imaging center network after
                          building trust with them through service quality.




36   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


     •    Co-create a 3.0 era development ecosystem with equipment
          manufacturers: Achieve complementary capabilities and multiply value
          across the industry chain. Leveraging the modular capabilities of our
          solution services as a core link, we will deepen strategic collaboration with
          leading global equipment manufacturers and fully upgrade our partnership
          from business collaboration to the 3.0 stage of ecological integration. We
          plan to leverage modular solutions to establish a deep-bundling model of
          equipment and services. Leveraging modular offerings such as “equipment
          selection and configuration”, “installation and maintenance”, “technician
          training” and “AI tool integration” within our solution services, we will
          collaborate with equipment manufacturers to create integrated service
          packages covering the entire equipment lifecycle. Modular bundling not only
          reduces procurement and operating costs for medical institutions, but also
          enables equipment manufacturers to shift from mere sales to value-added
          services, achieving a transformation from “selling equipment” to “selling the
          ecosystem”.

3.   Focus on the core role of data in AI+healthcare and transform data
     advantages into a strategic engine for development

     We plan to fully release the capabilities of Rimag Cloud platform in information
     infrastructure, data governance, and AI incubation. Leveraging the favorable
     national policies on healthcare connectivity and data-driven initiatives, we will
     establish a comprehensive value-added path from data resource development to
     assetization and capitalization. This will include an enhanced closed loop of data
     training algorithms, algorithm-enabled scenarios and scenarios feeding back data.
     This initiative is expected to enable Rimag Cloud to become a core hub connecting
     policy, markets and technology, thus solidifying its irreplaceable competitiveness
     in the digital age.

     •    Strengthen information infrastructure: Responding to favorable policies,
          we will consolidate the foundation for upgrading traditional medical
          services. We will respond to the new national regulations regarding medical
          insurance imaging cloud indexing solution and radiology examination pricing
          (incorporating cloud storage into fee structure) by further optimizing the
          interconnection capability of our full-modality intelligent PACS system and
          remote consultation platform. These platforms will support multi-protocol
          access, such as DICOM and HL7, and will be compatible with mainstream
          domestic and international imaging equipment, enabling real-time access and
          sharing of imaging data across hospitals and regions. In the meantime, we




                                         Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis


                          will strengthen the output of large-scale information capabilities and continue
                          to work with local governments to establish a regional imaging mutual
                          recognition standard system. This will promote the interconnection among
                          medical institutions within the region and the sharing of regional examination
                          results. As such, we will provide an “imaging cloud sharing platform” for
                          regional medical communities, enabling data interconnection among all
                          public hospitals within a county, and a “research collaboration information
                          system” for tertiary hospitals to support data synchronization and analysis
                          for multi-center research. We will continue to carry out standard support
                          work in more regions, providing a reliable technical foundation for promoting
                          interconnectivity and medical insurance reform.

                   •      Deepen data Service capabilities: Leveraging compliance governance
                          as a cornerstone, we will build our core advantage as a “data vendor”.
                          We will deepen our ability to transform existing data from a “resource” to
                          an “asset”. By strengthening and developing a comprehensive compliance
                          governance system throughout the entire process, we will improve our
                          compliance mechanism for the entire “collection – cleaning – labeling –
                          storage – application” chain. We will collaborate with law firms to optimize
                          data desensitization standards to ensure that de-identification will fully
                          comply with the Personal Information Protection Law (       《個人信息保護法》         ).
                          We will establish a dual-security mechanism of “patient authorization +
                          anonymization” to create a traceable and auditable data governance SOP.
                          Meanwhile, we will continue to increase the scale and quality of real-world
                          core data sources available for AI training and research. While we will not
                          directly participate in AI research and development, we will instead meet
                          diverse customer needs by providing standardized products such as disease-
                          specific annotated data, multimodal research data and longitudinal follow-
                          up data. For example, we can provide model training data for AI companies,
                          clinical trial imaging data for pharmaceutical companies, and research
                          datasets for universities, thus fostering a “data reuse – value multiplication”
                          business model. We plan to drive breakthroughs in the commercialization of
                          data assets by further deepening our collaboration with the Shanghai Data
                          Exchange and the Beijing Yizhuang Economic Development Zone. We will
                          expand the range of data products available, from single-disease annotated
                          data to high-end products such as multimodal fusion data and cross-center
                          research data. We will also promote pilot transactions with national data pilot
                          zones to explore market-based mechanisms for the “pricing, trading and
                          settlement of data product”. This initiative will help us become a core player
                          in the data factor market.




38   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


•     Strengthen the AI strategic closed loop: Fueled by data, we will drive
      two-way iteration across the “algorithm-scenario” pipeline. Leveraging
      our core strengths in medical imaging data services and full-scenario
      validation, we will utilize the algorithm development capabilities of our
      incubated company, Medical Image Insights, to drive the application of
      AI technology from clinical needs to clinical services, achieving a virtuous
      cycle of data value-added, algorithm iteration and scenario penetration, so
      as to solidify our closed-loop competitiveness in the AI+ healthcare sector.
      Leveraging the scalable data accumulated in Rimag Cloud platform and
      our compliance governance capabilities, we will provide sufficient, high-
      quality and comprehensive data to address the industry pain points of AI
      training data silos and inconsistent quality. Meanwhile, we will use the
      clinical needs of existing imaging centers across all imaging scenarios as
      guideline to reverse the definition of Medical Image Insights’ algorithm
      development direction, ensuring that AI products are grounded and practical
      and avoiding the non-alignment between laboratory algorithms and clinical
      practice. Furthermore, leveraging our comprehensive network of imaging
      centers as a testing area, we will provide Medical Image Insights with full-
      cycle scenario support from prototype testing to scaled-up validation for its
      AI products, thus accelerating algorithm implementation and maturity. We
      will scale up and deploy mature and scenario-proven AI products across our
      existing service network, while simultaneously expanding the boundaries of
      external scenarios. Through the above strategy, we will fully leverage the
      dual advantages of data scale and extensive application coverage, fostering
      a collaborative framework with Medical Image Insights to ensure seamless
      data integration, uninterrupted research and development and consistent
      verification. This will ensure the closed loop of integrating “data, algorithm
      and scenario” to become the core engine for the continuous value creation
      by AI technology, ultimately achieving a long-term value cycle in which AI
      improves service efficiency, services accumulate more data and data feeds
      back into AI upgrades.

We plan to achieve the three goals of information infrastructure supporting industry
interconnection, data services becoming the core sourcing of the industry, and
AI closed loop driving continuous value creation. This will not only respond to the
favorable national policies regarding data elements and AI healthcare, but also
build core competitiveness that is difficult to replicate in the digital intelligence era.




                                       Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   39
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            4.     Build an open and collaborative industrial ecosystem and strengthen the
                   ability to integrate resources across the entire supply chain

                   We will deepen strategic collaboration with upstream and downstream industries,
                   replace “individual competition” with “ecological empowerment”, and promote the
                   upgrading of the medical imaging industry chain, so as to respond to the national
                   policy guidance of “medical resource integration and ecological innovation”.

                   •      Deep integration into the core links of the industry chain: We will jointly
                          develop customized imaging equipment with equipment providers and
                          convert equipment usage experience into intellectual property. We will also
                          jointly build an “algorithm training and clinical verification” platform with
                          medical imaging AI service providers, attracting multiple AI companies
                          to join the integrated platform. Besides, we will collaborate with medical
                          supply chain service providers to innovate financial solutions and lower the
                          threshold for equipment procurement for primary medical institutions.

                   •      Medical ecosystem collaboration on the Internet: We will deepen
                          cooperation with leading Internet platforms such as JD Health, and through
                          the “online consultation and offline imaging examination delivery” model,
                          achieve a significant increase in the average daily joint service volume,
                          reduce the cost of single imaging service, and become the “imaging
                          infrastructure” of Internet medical care.

                   •      Health management and expansion of scientific research ecosystem: We
                          will collaborate with Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (漢吉健
                          康管理（上海）有限公司) to promote the application of imaging technology in
                          health management fields such as early cancer screening and Alzheimer’s
                          disease prevention, and jointly launch a “precise imaging screening package ”
                          with physical examination institutions. We will also jointly build a “clinical
                          research imaging platform” with universities and pharmaceutical companies
                          to provide imaging data support for new drug research and development,
                          with a view to opening up an incremental market for scientific research
                          services.




40   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Strengthen talent cultivation and operational management system to support
     large-scale and high-quality development

     We will focus on “talent drive + management upgrade” to build organizational
     capabilities that match our strategic scale, ensuring that service quality and
     operational efficiency are improved simultaneously.

     •    Upgrade the diversified talent cultivation system: We will strengthen the
          construction of the Imaging Academy, improve the “RMBA Training System”,
          and cultivate a large number of interdisciplinary talents with both medical
          background and corporate management capabilities. We will jointly establish
          medical imaging internship bases with universities to train a large number of
          technicians and diagnostic doctors annually, as well as establish professional
          teams in nuclear medicine and AI research and development in order to
          support the expansion of high-end business and digital intelligence business.

     •    Refine the operational management system: We will deepen the
          operational mentoring system to ensure that newly opened imaging centers
          can meet the Group’s standardized operation standards within the specified
          timeframe. We will optimize the full-process SOP system, and develop
          differentiated management standards for flagship centers, regional shared
          centers and other types of centers to enhance approval efficiency. We will
          also promote the “deep integration of performance appraisals and accounts
          receivable indicators” to shorten average credit terms and enhance the
          soundness of cash flow.

     •    Enhance brand and professional capabilities: Focusing on specialized
          areas such as cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases and epilepsy,
          we will help partner hospitals to build multiple specialized clinics. We will
          also strengthen the construction of sub-specialty academic groups within
          the system, carry out academic activities such as the “Medical Imaging
          Summit Forum”, enhance the industry’s discourse power and strengthen
          brand awareness, with a view to becoming a “professional imaging service
          benchmark” recognized by patients and medical institutions.




                                        Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   41
     Management Discussion and Analysis


            6.     Continuously improve the internal control system and strengthen the risk
                   management and corporate governance system

                   As the core guarantee for supporting the large-scale expansion and high-quality
                   development of our business, we will be guided by the principles of “compliance
                   construction, controllable risks and green collaboration” to continuously optimize
                   our internal control and governance systems, with a view to transforming risk
                   management capabilities into business competitiveness and promoting the
                   upgrading of industrial value through standardized operations.

                   •      Build a full-process compliance management system to lay a solid
                          foundation for business development. With compliance as the prerequisite
                          for business operation, we will deeply incorporate legal and compliance
                          requirements into the entire business chain, forming a “prevention-
                          supervision-rectification-improvement” management system to safeguard
                          industry ecosystem collaboration and build brand reputation. Mandatory
                          compliance review processes will be implemented at key stages, including
                          important business decisions (such as major project collaborations and
                          overseas market expansion), the entire contract lifecycle (signing, execution
                          and termination) and the implementation of innovative businesses (such as
                          data services and clinical applications of AI products). This ensures that
                          business operations comply with medical industry regulatory requirements,
                          data security regulations and local laws in overseas markets, thereby
                          mitigating compliance risks at the source. Led by the Internal Audit and
                          Compliance Center and in collaboration with the General Manager’s Office
                          and the Human Resources Department, a rigid accountability and dynamic
                          rectification system is established. Tiered accountability is implemented
                          for violations, and time-limited rectification plans are developed for
                          compliance vulnerabilities discovered during audits. The effectiveness
                          of these rectifications is tracked and verified to ensure that compliance
                          requirements are fully implemented from the institutional level to the
                          execution level. Compliance management is incorporated into the full-staff
                          training system, with a “compulsory compliance introductory course” offered
                          to new employees and scenario-based compliance drills organized for
                          business teams. These measures will foster a shared understanding within
                          the Company of law-abiding, integrity and compliance, making compliance
                          capability a fundamental foundation for supporting the expansion of the
                          imaging center network and cross-regional collaboration.




42   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


           •     Refined risk management on accounts receivable ensures efficient
                 capital circulation. Focusing on the specific payment terms in the medical
                 industry, we ensure fund security and liquidity through scientific management
                 and control mechanisms, providing stable funding support for imaging center
                 operations and solution service expansion. We will implement standardized
                 tracking processes for projects with regular payment terms and initiate a
                 dedicated management oversight mechanism for projects with long payment
                 terms (i.e., over 180 days). We will develop differentiated collection strategies
                 based on regional market characteristics to shorten collection cycles
                 and improve capital turnover efficiency. We will deeply embed accounts
                 receivable collection indicators into the performance evaluation system of
                 the operation team, and directly link such indicators to the compensation
                 and promotion of project managers. This will strengthen the awareness of
                 “full employee participation in collections”, ensuring full attention to fund
                 security throughout the entire business process from front-end to back-end,
                 and providing financial support for continued business expansion.

     As a result of the foregoing and through model innovation and capability accumulation,
     we will continue to consolidate our leading position in the industry, and lead third-party
     medical imaging companies in the industry to transform from “scale expansion” to “value
     creation”, providing the core driving force for the upgrades of capability, digitalization
     and intellectualization of the entire medical imaging and health industry.

POLICY ALIGNMENT AND DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES

In the first half of 2025, the State continued to deepen its healthcare reforms, and a series
of favorable policies provided strong support for the Group’s business development. Policies
in respect of promoting the decentralized sharing of medical resources, mutual recognition
of cloud imaging and results and data services and medical AI applications not only align
well with our existing business but also provide strong support for our future innovation and
breakthroughs.

In terms of the decentralized sharing of medical resources, the “Opinions on Further
Guaranteeing and Improving People’s Livelihood and Focusing on Solving the Urgent Needs of
the People” (
            《關於進一步保障和改善民生 着力解決群眾急難愁盼的意見》                              ) (March 2025) issued by
the General Office of the CPC Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council
clearly requires the expansion and downward transfer of high-quality medical resources, the
promotion of the “distributed examination and centralized diagnosis” model, the promotion
of full coverage of tightly-knit medical communities at county-level, and the support of the
downward transfer of urban medical resources to the county and grassroots levels. The policy
is completely aligned with the business model of our regional shared imaging centers.




                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   43
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                                    Innovative Model – Sharing Concepts to
                                  Develop Imaging Center Business Nationwide
                                    Distributed Equipment Placement, Centralized Diagnosis, and
                                 Unified Mobilization of Regional Equipment and Personnel Functions
                                                                                                  Rimag Imaging Center
                     Rimag Imaging Center
                                                                                                   Maternal and Child
                     People’s Hospital Center
                                                                                                  Health Hospital Center



                                                                                      Expert
                                                                                     Resources

                                        Subspecialty
                                         Groups of
                                                        Doctor Sharing             Centralized AI Resources
                                        Radiologists      Platform                  Diagnosis

                                                                                    Intelligent
                                                                                   Management

                     Rimag Imaging Center
                      Traditional Chinese                                                         Rimag Imaging Center
                     Medicine Hospital Center                                                     Mining Hospital Center




     The “distributed examination and centralized diagnosis” healthcare service model aims to
     optimize the allocation of medical resources. By establishing a remote healthcare service
     network, examinations are decentralized to primary medical institutions, while diagnostics are
     centralized at specialized higher-level hospitals or diagnostic centers. This model can fully
     utilize the equipment resources of primary medical institutions, addressing issues such as
     idle equipment and inconvenience for patient visits. On the other hand, centralized diagnosis
     can leverage expert resources to ensure accurate and professional diagnosis, effectively
     improving the overall quality of medical services. Through the “equipment sharing, physicians
     sharing and data sharing” model, we have achieved efficient collaboration between imaging
     at primary centers and diagnosis at shared centers in multiple locations. We have consistently
     promoted the “distributed examination and centralized diagnosis” imaging model to maximize
     the utilization of primary equipment, improve patient accessibility and cost-effectiveness, and
     steadily improve the quality of diagnosis. The “primary examination and higher-level diagnosis”
     standard outlined in the “Guidelines for the Informatization Functions of Tightly-knit County-
     level Medical Communities” (  《緊密型縣域醫共體信息化功能指引》                 ) issued by three departments
     including National Health Commission in February 2025 perfectly reflects the business model
     already implemented through our “one license for multiple locations” approach in Jiangxi and
     other regions. With the promotion of the experience of “one license for multiple locations”,
     county-level healthcare has been moving from single-point breakthroughs to systemic
     transformation. Similarly, with the acceleration of the construction of tightly-knit medical
     communities at county-level, the demand from grassroots for third-party imaging services has
     been shifting from “supplementary demand” to “urgent need”, providing policy support for our
     continued expansion of market share.

44   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                              Management Discussion and Analysis


The introduction of the policy for mutual recognition of cloud imaging and results has created
favorable conditions for us to leverage our information technology capabilities. The “Medical
Insurance Imaging Cloud Index Plan (     《“ 醫保影像雲索引 ” 方案》        )” (February 2025) issued by
National Health Insurance Administration innovatively incorporates cloud storage into the
examination pricing system, promoting a “cloud imaging” pricing mechanism that incorporates
the processing, upload and cloud storage of digital images into the price structure of
radiology examinations. Institutions without cloud storage will have to charge less fee, thus
forcing medical institutions to access into cloud platforms and directly benefiting our “Rimag
Cloud” platform business. The mutual recognition mechanism promoted by the “Guidelines
on Projects of Pricing for Radiological Examination Medical Service (Trial) (  《放射檢查類醫療
服務價格項目立項指南(試行)》              )” has led to exponential growth in our cross-institutional access
services. Furthermore, the mutual recognition target in 2025 set in the “Guiding Opinions on
Further Promoting Mutual Recognition of Medical Examination and Test Results across Medical
Institutions (
             《關於進一步推進醫療機構檢查檢驗結果互認的指導意見》                            )” issued by seven national
ministries, including the National Health Commission, will continue to release market potential.
We are seeing that the State is vigorously promoting the mutual recognition of imaging
results across institutions and regions, and providing policy guidance to boost national data
connectivity and facilitate access to healthcare for the general public. With its powerful real-
time data upload, cloud storage and multi-level access capabilities, our Rimag Cloud platform
meets the policy requirements for standardized regional medical imaging diagnostic centers.
This not only helps us consolidate our existing business, but also lays the foundation for the
rapid growth of our cloud storage and access services.

In the areas of data services and medical AI, the “Data Elements × Three-Year Action Plan
(2024-2026)” (2024) promotes the compliant circulation of medical data, supports local pilot
programs for the operation of medical data assets, and clarifies trading rules for medical data
exchanges, providing a basis for compliant trading of our data products listed on the Shanghai
Data Exchange. Meanwhile, Medical Image Insights, a company we incubated, has released
the world’s first full-modal medical imaging Large Foundation Model. Besides, the “Interim
Measures for the Administration of Generative Artificial Intelligence Services (《生成式人工智能服
務管理暫行辦法》         )”, which regulate AI-assisted diagnosis, has created a policy environment for
the commercial application of our imaging Large Foundation Model. As AI-assisted diagnosis
is gradually included in medical insurance reimbursement, our technological advantages will be
further transformed into commercial results, opening up new growth areas for the Company.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   45
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Furthermore, the optimization of policies for medical devices and medical imaging centers has
     reduced our costs for business expansion. The support policy for first-of-its-kind equipment
     provided in the “Implementation Plan for Digital Transformation of the Pharmaceutical
     Industry (
             《醫藥工業數智化轉型實施方案》                 )” (2025-2030) has significantly reduced our equipment
     investment costs. The goal of “one nuclear medicine department per county” outlined in
     the National Health Commission’s Nuclear Medicine Development Plan (2025) promotes full
     coverage of nuclear medicine departments in tertiary integrated hospitals, creating strategic
     synergies with the nuclear medicine business we established through the acquisition of
     Gaomai Health. The growing demand for imaging examination driven by an aging population
     and shifting disease profiles, as well as the escalating demand for high-end examination
     at the grassroots level driven by policies on tiered diagnosis and treatment, have provided
     sustainable momentum for our business development.

     These policies do not exist in isolation, but rather they form a holistic policy package that
     reinforces each other. For example, the policy of decentralizing resources has expanded the
     reach of primary care services, the policy of cloud imaging has enhanced service value, and
     the policy of data has created derivative revenue. Together, these policies are driving the
     transformation of our business model from a single business segment of medical examination
     to a diversified business with enhanced profit. Supported by this comprehensive policy
     package, we are accelerating our leapfrog development from a healthcare service provider to
     a medical technology platform. We will continue to closely monitor policy trends, transforming
     policy dividends into development momentum, and continuously enhancing our corporate
     value while improving the quality and efficiency of primary healthcare.

     As a result of the foregoing, the current favorable policy environment has created excellent
     conditions for us to consolidate our traditional businesses and achieve breakthroughs in
     innovative business. We will continue to closely follow national policy guidance and leverage
     our strengths in resource sharing, informatization, data services and AI deployment, with a
     view to contributing to the improvement of primary healthcare services and the promotion of
     high-quality development in the industry.




46   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                     Corporate Governance and Other Information

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 846,000 Shares
(“Repurchased Shares”) on the Stock Exchange, with a total consideration (excluding fees) of
HK$14,217,040. The details of the Repurchased Shares are as follows:

                                                                                             Total
                           Number of                                                consideration
                         Repurchased           Price paid per Share                       (before
Month                         Shares            Highest          Lowest                expenses)
                                                   (HK$)            (HK$)                   (HK$)

May 2025                       535,500              19.84                 16.68           9,905,170
June 2025                      310,500              14.52                 13.38           4,311,870

Total                          846,000              19.84                 13.38          14,217,040


As at June 30, 2025, 846,000 treasury shares were held by the Company, which are intended
for purposes such as employee incentives, and sale or transfer to obtain working capital,
subject to actual decisions of the Board.

The Board believes that the share repurchase under the current circumstances can
demonstrate the Company’s confidence in its business outlook and prospects and will
ultimately benefit the Company and its Shareholders.

Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, none of the members of the Group
has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the sale of
treasury shares).




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   47
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
     The Company completed the Global Offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares at
     HK$14.98 per H Share on June 7, 2024. The net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted
     to approximately HK$183.48 million. The net proceeds from the Global Offering have been fully
     used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use
     of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, as follows:

                                                                                       Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                                     Utilized      Unutilized   Expected
                                                              Approximately           Actual     amount as         amount as    timeline for
                                                              % of total net      amount of      of June 30,     of June 30,    unutilized
     Intended utilization                                         proceeds     net proceeds             2025            2025    amount

     For expanding our medical imaging center network                 50.0%           91.73            91.73               –    Completed

     For pursuing strategic cooperation and mergers and               20.0%           36.70            36.70               –    Completed
       acquisitions in the medical imaging field and
       seeking strategic partnerships and investment
       opportunities along the medical imaging
       services industry chain

     For extending our business to overseas countries                 20.0%           36.70            36.70               –    Completed
       and regions which (i) are relatively lacking
       in medical resources, such as Southeast Asia, and
       (ii) have high per capital disposable income and
       great growth potential for medical imaging services,
       such as the Middle East

     Working capital and general corporate uses                       10.0%           18.35            18.35               –    Completed

     Total                                                            100%           183.48           183.48               –    Completed




48   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information


USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
References are made to the announcements of the Company dated April 25, 2025 and May
6, 2025, respectively. On April 25, 2025 (before trading hours), the Company entered into the
Placing Agreement with the Placing Agents, pursuant to which the Placing Agents have agreed
to purchase 9,750,000 Placing Shares at the Placing Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share
to not less than six Placees who and whose ultimate beneficial owners shall be third parties
independent of the Company and its connected persons. The closing price of HK$23.50
per H Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on April 24, 2025, being the last trading day
prior to the signing of the Placing Agreement. On May 6, 2025, the Company completed the
Placing of an aggregate of 9,750,000 Placing Shares to no less than six Placees at the Placing
Price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Placing
Agreement. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting the Placing commission
and other relevant costs and expenses of the Placing) from the Placing amounted to
approximately HK$195.00 million and HK$182.29 million, respectively, and the net issue price
was approximately HK$18.70 per Placing Share. The net proceeds from the Placing have been
and will continue to be used in a manner consistent with that disclosed in the section headed
“Reasons for and Benefits of the Placing and Use of Proceeds” in the announcement of the
Company dated April 25, 2025, as follows:

                                                                                   Net proceeds (HK$’ million)
                                                                                               Utilized      Unutilized   Expected
                                                         Approximately           Actual     amount as       amount as     timeline for
                                                         % of total net      amount of     of June 30,      of June 30,   unutilized
Intended utilization                                         proceeds     net proceeds            2025            2025    amount

For business investment and mergers and acquisitions,            50.0%           91.15           24.55           66.60    To be utilized by
  to continue to expand the coverage of the Group’s                                                                         December 31,
  imaging center business through multiple initiatives                                                                      2026
  such as independent investment and construction,
  industrial investment and incubation, acquisitions
  and mergers and acquisitions, etc.

For overseas business expansion and layout, to further           25.0%           45.57               –           45.57    To be utilized by
  expand business exploration in overseas markets                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                            2026

For data and R&D, to deeply explore the value of                 15.0%           27.34               –           27.34    To be utilized by
  medical imaging data and build an AI and                                                                                  December 31,
  intelligence ecosystem                                                                                                    2026

For supplementing general working capital                        10.0%           18.23           15.83             2.40   To be utilized by
                                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                                            2026

Total                                                            100%           182.29           40.38          141.91    To be utilized by
                                                                                                                            December 31,
                                                                                                                             2026




                                                                          Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025           49
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     The Directors believe that the Placing will be conducive to strengthening the Group’s liquidity
     and financial position, broadening its Shareholder base, optimizing the capital structure of the
     Company and supporting the healthy and sustainable development of the Company.

     It is expected that all remaining unutilized net proceeds will be fully utilized by December 31,
     2026. The expected timing of the utilization of the remaining proceeds is based on the Group’s
     view that such timing will vary depending on current and future developments in market
     conditions.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the
     management of the Company as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as
     a whole. The Company has adopted corporate governance practices as its own code of
     corporate governance practices based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the
     Corporate Governance Code.

     Save for the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate
     Governance Code, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out
     in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code and met the requirements of the vast majority of
     the recommended provisions on best practices set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance
     Code during the Reporting Period.

     Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of
     chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same
     individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive shall
     be clearly established and set out in writing.

     During the Reporting Period, Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang assumed the duties and responsibilities of
     the chairman and chief executive officer of the Company. Despite the deviation from Code
     Provision C.2.1 as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Board believes
     that with the support of the management, assuming the roles and responsibilities of the
     chairman and chief executive officer by the same individual can facilitate the implementation of
     the Group’s business strategies and improve its operational efficiency. In addition, under the
     supervision of the Board (currently composed of four executive Directors, two non-executive
     Directors and three independent non-executive Directors), the interests of Shareholders will
     be fully and fairly represented. The Board will review this structure from time to time to ensure
     that appropriate actions are taken in a timely manner in response to changing circumstances.

     The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices on a
     regular basis to ensure compliance with the code provisions and maintain the Company’s high
     standard corporate governance practices.




50   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                   Corporate Governance and Other Information


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY THE DIRECTORS
AND SUPERVISORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding dealings in
the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Supervisors who, because of his/her
office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Group or the
Company’s securities.

Upon specific enquiry, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that they have complied with
the Model Code during the Reporting Period. In addition, the Company is not aware of any
non-compliance with the Model Code by the members of senior management of the Company
during the Reporting Period.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On August 22, 2025, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the Placing Agents.
Subsequently on August 28, 2025, a total of 35,000,000 placing Shares have been successfully
placed by the Company to no less than six placees at the placing price of HK$16.76 per Share.
Following the completion of the placing and as at the date of this interim report, the total
number of issued Shares of the Company is 401,061,832, which includes 846,000 treasury
shares held by the Company.

Save as disclosed above, there have been no material subsequent events that require to be
disclosed after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report.


REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
The Audit Committee consists of three members, including two independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. WU Xiaohui and Ms. CHEN Yifei, and one non-executive Director,
namely Mr. LIU Senlin. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. WU Xiaohui, who holds the
appropriate qualification as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial
information of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 with the management of
the Company. The Audit Committee considered that the interim results are in compliance
with the applicable accounting standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made
appropriate disclosures thereof. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with respect
to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control with
senior management of the Company.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of any interim dividend for the Reporting
Period.



                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   51
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     CHANGE OF INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT MEMBERS
     Since the beginning of the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report, there was
     no change to information which was required to be disclosed by Directors, Supervisors and
     senior management members pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR
     DEBENTURES
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their respective
     spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years were granted with rights, or had exercised
     any such rights, to acquire benefits by means of purchasing Shares or debentures of the
     Company. No member of the Group was a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors,
     Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under the age of 18 years to acquire
     such rights from any other body corporates.

     During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company did not grant any rights to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares or debentures of the Company to any Directors
     or Supervisors or their respective spouses or minor children under 18, and none of them has
     exercised such rights.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
     RULES
     During the Reporting Period, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations
     under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at June 30, 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
     executives of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
     and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were
     required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
     and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executive(s) of the Company are taken or deemed to have under such
     provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:




52   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information


(a)   Interest in Shares

                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                 percentage Approximate
                                                                                      Number          of the percentage
                                                                                   and type of      relevant        of the
                          Position in the                                              Shares        type of total issued
      Name                Company                   Nature of interest                  held(1)     Shares(1)   Shares(1)
                                                                                                         (%)           (%)

      CHEN Zhaoyang      Chairman of the Board,     Interest in controlled           19,463,291        7.51           5.32
       (陳朝陽)(2)           Executive Director and      corporation                   H Shares (L)
                          Chief Executive Officer   Interest in controlled           39,625,297       37.06          10.82
                                                      corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)
                                                    Beneficial interest                 147,000        0.06           0.04
                                                                                    H Shares (L)

      HE Yingfei         Executive Director,        Beneficial interest                 36,000         0.01           0.01
       (何英飛)               Vice President, Joint                                   H Shares (L)
                           Company Secretary and
                           Secretary to the Board

      FENG Xie           Executive Director, Vice   Beneficial interest                 25,000         0.01           0.01
        (馮勰)               President and Chief                                     H Shares (L)
                           Financial Officer

      Notes:


      (1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 366,061,832 Shares (comprising
               106,933,758 Unlisted Shares and 259,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2025.


      (2)      As of June 30, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly
               held 59,088,588 Shares (comprising 19,463,291 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares), whose
               general partner is Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the
               59,088,588 Shares held by Ganjiang New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


      (L)      Long position.




                                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025     53
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, to the best of the Company’s knowledge,
     information and belief, none of the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company
     had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or
     debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Division 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) to be entered in the register required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
     As at June 30, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors or chief executives of the
     Company, the interests or short positions of the following persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) in the Shares, underlying Shares of the
     Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
     which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which any such
     persons other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken
     or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be entered in
     the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as
     follows:

                                                                                       Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                         percentage      percentage
                                                                                              of the         of total
                                                                 Number and type       relevant type          issued
     Name of Shareholder                   Nature of interest     of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                 (%)             (%)

     Ganjiang New Area Rimag(2)            Beneficial interest           19,463,291             7.51            5.32
                                                                        H Shares (L)
                                                                         39,625,297            37.06           10.82
                                                                 Unlisted Shares (L)
     Beijing Goldman Sachs Consulting      Beneficial interest           26,866,770            10.37            7.34
      Co., Ltd. (北京高盛顧問有限公司)(3)                                         H Shares (L)




54   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                         Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                           percentage      percentage
                                                                                                of the         of total
                                                                    Number and type      relevant type          issued
Name of Shareholder                   Nature of interest             of Shares held(1)     of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                   (%)             (%)

Goldman Sachs Holdings (Mauritius)    Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
  Limited(3)                            corporation                       H Shares (L)
Tiger Strategic Investments Ltd(3)    Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
                                        corporation                       H Shares (L)
GS Asian Venture (Delaware)           Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
 L.L.C.(3)                              corporation                       H Shares (L)
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC(3)            Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
                                        corporation                       H Shares (L)
Special Situations Investing          Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
 Group III, Inc.(3)                     corporation                       H Shares (L)
GSSG Holdings LLC(3)                  Interest in controlled               26,866,770            10.37            7.34
                                        corporation                       H Shares (L)
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.(3)      Interest in controlled               26,893,270            10.38            7.35
                                        corporation                       H Shares (L)
                                                                               21,000             0.01            0.01
                                                                          H Shares (S)
PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P.   Beneficial Interest                  16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金                                                         H Shares (L)
  (有限合夥))(4)
PICC Capital Equity Investment Co.,   Interest in controlled               16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司)(4)                corporation                       H Shares (L)
PICC Capital Insurance Asset          Interest in controlled               16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  Management Co., Ltd.                  corporation                       H Shares (L)
  (人保資本保險資產管理有限公司)(4)
PICC Life Insurance Company           Interest in controlled               16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限                 corporation                       H Shares (L)
  公司)(4)
PICC Property and Casualty            Interest in controlled               16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  Company Limited (中國人民財產保              corporation                       H Shares (L)
  險股份有限公司)(4)
The People’s Insurance Company        Interest in controlled               16,834,403             6.50            4.60
  (Group) of China Limited (中國人民        corporation                       H Shares (L)
  保險集團股份有限公司)(4)




                                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   55
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                          Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                            percentage      percentage
                                                                                                 of the         of total
                                                                    Number and type       relevant type          issued
     Name of Shareholder                   Nature of interest        of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                    (%)             (%)

     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade             Beneficial Interest             22,058,814              8.51            6.03
       Port Zone Baishan Investment                                       H Shares (L)
       Management Partnership (Limited
       Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰
       山投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(5)
     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade             Interest in controlled          22,058,814              8.51            6.03
       Port Zone Baiyi Investment            corporation                  H Shares (L)
       Management Partnership (Limited
       Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰
       毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥))(5)
     Ningbo Meishan Free Trade             Interest in controlled          22,058,814              8.51            6.03
       Port Zone Baining Investment          corporation                  H Shares (L)
       Partnership (Limited Partnership)
       (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企
       業(有限合夥))(5)
     Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司)(5)           Interest in controlled          22,058,814              8.51            6.03
                                             corporation                  H Shares (L)
     China Life Insurance Company          Interest in controlled          22,058,814              8.51            6.03
       Limited (中國人壽保險股份有限                   corporation                  H Shares (L)
       公司)(5)
     Ganjiang New Area Innovation          Beneficial interest              14,558,319            13.61            3.98
       Industry Investment Co., Ltd.                                Unlisted Shares (L)
       (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公司)(6)
     Ganjiang New Area Urban               Interest in controlled           14,558,319            13.61            3.98
       Construction Industry Co., Ltd.       corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)
       (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司)(6)
     Ganjiang Holdings Group Co., Ltd.     Interest in controlled           14,558,319            13.61            3.98
       (贛江控股集團有限公司)(6)                       corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)
     Jiangxi Province Investment Group     Interest in controlled           14,558,319            13.61            3.98
       Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限                  corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)
       公司)(6)
     State-owned Asset Supervision and     Interest in controlled           16,055,834            15.01            4.39
     Administration Commission of            corporation            Unlisted Shares (L)
       Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產
       監督管理委員會)(6)




56   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information


                                                                                            Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                              percentage      percentage
                                                                                                   of the         of total
                                                                      Number and type       relevant type          issued
Name of Shareholder                     Nature of interest             of Shares held(1)      of Shares(1)       Shares(1)
                                                                                                      (%)             (%)

GU Junjun                               Beneficial interest                    9,758,849             9.13            2.67
                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
WANG Shihe                              Beneficial interest                    9,755,070             9.12            2.66
                                                                      Unlisted Shares (L)
Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service      Beneficial interest                    9,317,271             8.71            2.55
  Co., Ltd. (江西奮勇科技服務有限                                               Unlisted Shares (L)
  公司)(7)
Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry     Interest in controlled                 9,317,271             8.71            2.55
  Co., Ltd. (浙江金科湯姆貓文化產業                  corporation                 Unlisted Shares (L)
  股份有限公司)(7)

Notes:


(1)      The table above is calculated based on the total number of 366,061,832 Shares (comprising 106,933,758
         Unlisted Shares and 259,128,074 H Shares) in issue as at June 30, 2025.


(2)      As of June 30, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Rimag, the Company’s employee incentive platform, directly held
         59,088,588 Shares (comprising 19,463,291 H Shares and 39,625,297 Unlisted Shares), whose general partner
         is Mr. CHEN Zhaoyang. Therefore, Mr. Chen is deemed to be interested in the 59,088,588 Shares held by
         Ganjiang New Area Rimag for the purpose of Part XV of the SFO.


(3)      As of June 30, 2025, Beijing Goldman Sachs Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京高盛顧問有限公司) directly held
         26,866,770 H Shares, which is 100% controlled by Goldman Sachs Holdings (Mauritius) Limited. Goldman
         Sachs Holdings (Mauritius) Limited is 100% controlled by Tiger Strategic Investments Ltd, which is in turn 92%
         controlled by GS Asian Venture (Delaware) L.L.C. GS Asian Venture (Delaware) L.L.C. is 100% controlled by
         Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and also 100% controlled by Special Situations Investing Group III, Inc. (which is
         in turn 100% controlled by GSSG Holdings LLC). Both Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and GSSG Holdings LLC
         are 100% controlled by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. In addition, Goldman Sachs International directly held
         26,500 H Shares and a short position in 21,000 H Shares, which is 100% controlled by Goldman Sachs Group
         UK Limited. Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited is 100% controlled by Goldman Sachs (UK) L.L.C., which is in
         turn 100% controlled by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.




                                                                 Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   57
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     (4)    As of June 30, 2025, PICC Beijing Health Care Fund, L.P. (北京人保健康養老產業投資基金(有限合夥)) directly
            held 16,834,403 H Shares, which is controlled as to 66.47%, 33.23% and 100% by PICC Life Insurance
            Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中國人民財
            產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) (as its general
            partner), respectively. PICC Capital Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (人保資本股權投資有限公司) is 100% controlled
            by PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有限公司). Each of PICC Life
            Insurance Company Limited (中國人民人壽保險股份有限公司), PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (中
            國人民財產保險股份有限公司) and PICC Capital Insurance Asset Management Co., Ltd. (人保資本保險資產管理有
            限公司) is controlled by The People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (中國人民保險集團股份有限
            公司) as to 71.08%, 68.98% and 100%, respectively.


     (5)    As of June 30, 2025, Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baishan Investment Management Partnership
            (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰山投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) directly held 22,058,814 H Shares,
            which is 79.77% controlled by Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited
            Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) and also 100% controlled by Ningbo Meishan
            Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅
            投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baining Investment Partnership (Limited
            Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰寧投資合夥企業(有限合夥)) is in turn 99.98% controlled by China Life Insurance
            Company Limited (中國人壽保險股份有限公司). Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Zone Baiyi Investment
            Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (寧波梅山保稅港區佰毅投資管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) is in turn
            60% controlled by Baidu, Inc. (百度集團股份有限公司).


     (6)    As of June 30, 2025, Ganjiang New Area Innovation Industry Investment Co., Ltd. (贛江新區創新產業投資有限公
            司) directly held 14,558,319 Unlisted Shares. It is 100% controlled by Ganjiang New Area Urban Construction
            Industry Co., Ltd. (贛江新區城市建設實業有限公司), which is in turn 100% controlled by Ganjiang Holdings
            Group Co., Ltd. (贛江控股集團有限公司), a company 90% controlled by Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co.,
            Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限公司). Jiangxi Province Investment Group Co., Ltd. (江西省投資集團有限公司) is 90%
            controlled by the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangxi Province (江西省
            國有資產監督管理委員會). In addition, the State-owned Asset Supervision and Administration Commission of
            Jiangxi Province (江西省國有資產監督管理委員會) is also interested in 1,497,515 Unlisted Shares through its
            91.05% controlled Jiangxi State-owned Capital Operation Holding Group Co. Ltd (江西省國有資本運營控股集團
            有限公司).


     (7)    As of June 30, 2025, Jiangxi Fenyong Technology Service Co., Ltd. (江西奮勇科技服務有限公司) directly held
            9,317,271 Unlisted Shares, a company controlled by Zhejiang Jinke Tom Culture Industry Co., Ltd. (浙江金科湯
            姆貓文化產業股份有限公司).


     (L)    Long position.


     (S)    Short position.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, no person (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had or was deemed to have any interests
     or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified the
     Company or the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which
     were required to be entered in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
     Section 336 of the SFO.



58   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                     Corporate Governance and Other Information


SHARE AWARD SCHEME
The Company has adopted a share award scheme (the “Share Award Scheme”) for H Shares
of the Company by a resolution of the Shareholders on October 21, 2024 (the “Adoption
Date”). The Share Award Scheme does not involve the grant of new Shares or options over
new Shares of the Company. However, the Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme
funded by existing Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and shall be subject to the
applicable disclosure requirements under Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.

A summary of the principal rules of the Share Award Scheme is set out below:

(A)   Purposes

      The purposes of the Share Award Scheme are:

      (i)     to provide opportunities to own equity interests in the Company so as to attract,
              incentivize and retain skilled and experienced persons to contribute for the future
              development and expansion of the Group;

      (ii)    to improve the Company’s incentive mechanism so as to attract, incentivize and
              retain Directors, Supervisors, senior management, core employees and service
              providers who make strong contributions to the Company’s ongoing operation,
              development and long-term growth; and

      (iii)   to closely align the interests of incentive recipients with the interests of
              Shareholders, investors and the Company, so as to enhance the Company’s
              cohesion and promote the maximization of the Company’s value.

(B)   Duration

      The Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years
      commencing on the Adoption Date, after which period no further award (the “Award(s)”)
      may be granted, but the rules of the Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme Rules”) shall
      remain in full force and effect in all other respects to the extent necessary to give effect
      to the vesting of any Award made prior thereto.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   59
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     (C)    Administration

            The Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the following
            administrative bodies:

            (i)     Shareholders ’ Meeting. The general meeting of the Shareholders, as the highest
                    organ of authority of the Company, is responsible for the consideration and
                    approval of the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. The general meeting of the
                    Shareholders may authorise the Board and/or the person(s) or a committee of the
                    Board authorised by the Board (the “Authorised Person”) to deal with all relevant
                    matters pertaining to the Share Award Scheme to the extent of its authority.

            (ii)    The Board. The Board and/or its Authorised Person is the executive body of
                    the Share Award Scheme, within their respective power of authority. The Board
                    and/or its Authorised Person may handle all matters pertaining to the Share
                    Award Scheme within the authorization granted by the general meeting of the
                    Shareholders. The Board and/or its Authorised Person may also delegate one or
                    more administers to assist with the administration of the Share Award Scheme. The
                    decisions of the Board and/or its Authorised Person on all relevant matters relating
                    to the Share Award Scheme within their respective power of authority are final and
                    binding on all persons under the Share Award Scheme.

     (D)    Eligible Participants

            The eligible participants of the Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participant(s)”)
            include:

            (i)     employee participants, who shall be full-time employee of the Group, Director
                    (including independent non-executive Director), Supervisor or senior officer of the
                    Company;

            (ii)    related entity participants, who shall be senior officers of the fellow subsidiaries or
                    associated companies of the Group (other than members of the Group); and

            (iii)   service providers and business partners participants, who shall be the Group’s
                    service providers or suppliers in the ordinary and usual course of business and on
                    a continuing or recurring basis which are in the interests of the long-term growth
                    of the Group, or business partners such as former shareholders of the Group’s
                    acquisition or merger targets.




60   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                Corporate Governance and Other Information


No one shall be regarded as an Eligible Participant and granted any Award if there exists
any of the following circumstances on the date of grant of an Award (the “Grant Date”):

(i)     being publicly reprimanded by securities regulators or declared as an unsuitable
        candidate for comparable award scheme or share incentive scheme of any listed
        company in the past 12 months;

(ii)    being penalised by securities regulators or prohibited from trading in securities in
        the past 12 months due to material violation of laws and regulations;

(iii)   being prohibited from acting as director, supervisor or senior management as
        stipulated in the Company Law or the Listing Rules;

(iv)    being prohibited from participating in the Share Award Scheme as stipulated by
        laws and regulations; and

(v)     having other material breach of the relevant regulations of the Group or behaviors
        the Board deems seriously detrimental to the interests of the Group.

If on or before the vesting date of the relevant Award (the “Vesting Date”), any eligible
participant selected for the grant of Awards (the “Grantee(s)”) ceases to be an Eligible
Participant due to the occurrence of any of the following circumstances, then:

(i)     where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of his/her
        departure from the Company by reason of resignation, expiration or termination of
        his/her employment, any H Shares granted to the Grantees (the “Award Share(s)”)
        but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to the trustee appointed for
        the purpose of the Share Award Scheme (the “Trustee”) as returned Shares (the
        “Returned Share(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine
        otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion;

(ii)    where the Grantee retires by virtue of reaching the statutory retirement age and
        ceases to be an Eligible Participant, any Award Shares granted but not yet vested
        shall be immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares, unless the
        Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and absolute
        discretion;

(iii)   where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of being
        incapacitated or deceased due to accident, any Award Shares granted but not yet
        vested shall be immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares, unless
        the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and
        absolute discretion;



                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   61
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


            (iv)   where the Grantee ceases to be an Eligible Participant as a result of being
                   incapacitated or deceased in the course of employment, any Award Shares granted
                   but not yet vested shall continue to vest to the Grantee or the legal personal
                   representative of his/her estate on the Vesting Date as set forth in the letter of the
                   grant of an Award (the “Grant Letter”), or in accordance with such other vesting
                   procedures as the Board and/or its Authorised Person may determine, and the
                   personal performance target shall no longer be a vesting condition of the relevant
                   Award (the “Vesting Condition(s)”), unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person
                   determine otherwise in their sole and absolute discretion. If the Grantee does not
                   have a legal personal representative for his/her estate, any Award Share shall be
                   immediately surrendered to the Trustee as Returned Shares;

            (v)    where the Grantee changes position and departs for any of the following reasons,
                   including:

                   a.     breach of laws or professional ethics or leakage of the Group’s confidential
                          information;

                   b.     damage to the interests or reputation of the Group due to misconduct or
                          malfeasance;

                   c.     material breach of any agreement between the Group and the Grantee
                          (including, without limitation, any applicable intellectual property rights
                          vesting agreement, employment contract, non-competition agreement,
                          confidentiality agreement or other similar agreement);

                   d.     any other circumstances determined by the Company resulting in termination
                          of the employment contract due to breach of the Group’s relevant policies,

                   any Award Shares granted but not yet vested shall be immediately surrendered to
                   the Trustee as Returned Shares, and in the event of material breach or detriment,
                   the Group reserves the right to claim suffered losses against such Grantee, unless
                   the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole and
                   absolute discretion.

     (E)    Scheme Mandate Limit and Grant of Awards

            The maximum number of Award Shares that can be awarded under the Share Award
            Scheme must not exceed 10% of the number of all Shares in issue as at the Adoption
            Date (which shall be 35,631,183 Shares, the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Awards lapsed
            in accordance with the terms of the Share Award Scheme shall not be counted for the
            purposes of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.



62   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information


      The maximum number of awards granted to individual Grantee(s) under the Share Award
      Scheme shall not exceed the Scheme Mandate Limit.

      The Company shall issue the Grant Letter to each Grantee, in such form as the Board
      and/or its Authorised Person may from time to time determine, specifying the applicable
      terms of grant, including but not limited to the Grant Date, procedure of accepting the
      grant of Awards, the number of Award Shares, the Vesting Conditions, the Vesting Date
      and the grant price (if applicable) and other details, terms and conditions they think
      necessary and suitable to the Share Award Scheme.

(F)   Limitations

      No grant of Awards may be made in the following circumstances:

      (i)     where necessary approval from applicable regulatory authorities or the general
              meeting of Shareholders has not been obtained;

      (ii)    where, unless the Board determines otherwise, any member of the Group is
              required to issue a prospectus or other offering document in accordance with
              applicable securities laws, rules or regulations for the Award or the Share Award
              Scheme;

      (iii)   where such Award would cause any member of the Group or its Directors to be in
              breach of any applicable securities laws, rules or regulations in any jurisdiction;

      (iv)    where the grant of such Award would result in a breach of the Scheme Mandate
              Limit;

      (v)     after the expiration of the duration or early termination of the Share Award Scheme
              in accordance with the Scheme Rules;

      (vi)    where any Director is in possession of unpublished inside information (as defined
              in the SFO) of the Company, or in the reasonable opinion of the Directors, there
              exists any inside information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
              13.09(2)(a) of the Listing Rules and the Inside Information Provisions (as defined
              in the Listing Rules) under Part XIVA of the SFO, or the Directors are prohibited
              from dealing in accordance with the Listing Rules or any applicable laws, rules or
              regulations;

      (vii)   sixty (60) days immediately preceding the publication date of the annual results of
              the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial year up to
              the publication date of the results; and



                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   63
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


            (viii)   thirty (30) days immediately preceding the publication date of the quarter results (if
                     any) and interim results of the Group or, if shorter, the period from the end of the
                     relevant quarterly or interim period up to the publication date of the results.

     (G)    Source of Awards and Fund

            To satisfy the grant of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person shall, so far as
            reasonably practicable, wire transfer the required fund to the Trustee (or instruct the
            Trustee to use the cash income of the trust set up for the purpose of the Share Award
            Scheme (the “Trust”), and instruct the Trustee to purchase H Shares through on-market
            or off-market transactions.

            The Board and/or its Authorised Person shall also instruct the Trustee on whether to use
            any Returned Shares to satisfy the grant of Awards. The Board and/or its Authorised
            Person may set out any conditions or terms in the instructions given to the Trustee for
            the purchase of H Shares, including but not limited to the specific purchase price or
            price range, the maximum amount of purchase fund and/or the maximum number of H
            Shares to be purchased.

            The source of fund for purchasing the Award Shares shall be the Group’s internal funds
            or the cash income of the Trust.

     (H)    Vesting of Awards

            The vesting of Awards shall be subject to the Company’s performance targets (as
            determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person from time to time with reference
            to the Company’s business performance and financial conditions and the then market
            conditions) and other vesting conditions set forth in the relevant Grant Letter.

            The Vesting Period shall be determined by the Board and/or its Authorised Person and
            set forth in the Grant Letter. Each Vesting Period shall be not less than twelve (12)
            months, unless the Board and/or its Authorised Person determine otherwise in their sole
            discretion.

            For the purposes of vesting of Awards, the Board and/or its Authorised Person may
            instruct and procure the Trustee to (i) release the Award Shares from the Trust to
            the Grantee or (ii) sell the Award Shares vested to the Grantee through on-market or
            off-market transactions and pay to the Grantee the actual sale price (after deduction of
            all applicable expenses) in cash.




64   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                    Corporate Governance and Other Information


(I)   Lapse of Awards

      If any Grantee fails to fulfil the Vesting Conditions, the relevant Award Shares shall
      be immediately forfeited and become the Returned Shares held by the Trustee. The
      decisions of the Board and/or its Authorised Person on whether the Vesting Conditions
      are fulfilled shall be irrevocable and final.

(J)   Voting Rights and Dividends

      Neither the Grantees nor the Trustee may exercise any voting rights attached to any
      H Shares (including any Award Shares granted but not yet vested) held by the Trustee
      under the Trust.

      Any dividend on the Award Shares not yet vested and the Returned Shares shall be
      retained by the Trustee as the cash income of the Trust. Grantees shall be entitled to any
      dividend on vested Award Shares incurred after their vesting.

(K)   Alteration and Termination

      Subject to the Scheme Mandate Limit, any alteration or supplement to the Share Award
      Scheme in any respect shall be made by the resolution of the Board.

      The Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of ten (10)
      years from the Adoption Date (except in respect of any Award Shares granted but not yet
      vested prior to the expiration of the Share Award Scheme, to give effect to the vesting
      of such Award Shares, or otherwise provided by the Scheme Rules), and (ii) such date of
      early termination as determined by the Board.

As the Share Award Scheme is payable only with existing Shares, no Shares will be available
for issuance under the Share Award Scheme. As at the date of this interim report, the
remaining term of the Share Award Scheme is approximately nine years and one month.

Since the adoption of the Share Award Scheme and up to the date of this interim report, no
awards have been granted, cancelled or lapsed under the Scheme. As at June 30, 2025, the
number of awards available for grant under the Share Award Scheme is 35,631,183 Shares.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   65
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Income Statement
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 Note        2025          2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

     Revenue                                                      6         467,049      413,713
     Cost of sales                                                         (329,803)    (254,054)

     Gross profit                                                           137,246      159,659

     Selling expenses                                                       (26,892)      (32,961)
     Administrative expenses                                                (74,986)    (111,092)
     Research and development expenses                                        (7,604)       (5,715)
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                                (4,108)       (1,364)
     Other income                                                              8,015         5,152
     Other gains – net                                                         5,650         1,699

     Operating profit                                             7          37,321       15,378

     Finance income                                               8           2,931        1,143
     Finance costs                                                8         (14,403)     (11,049)

     Finance costs – net                                                    (11,472)      (9,906)

     Share of loss of investments accounted for using
      the equity method                                                      (1,359)      (1,098)

     Profit before income tax                                                24,490        4,374
     Income tax expense                                           9          (8,656)      (3,412)

     Profit for the period                                                   15,834          962
     Profit for the period attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                   16,443        3,836
     Non-controlling interests                                                 (609)      (2,874)

                                                                             15,834          962
     Profit per share attributable to owners of
      the Company for the period
     Basic (expressed in RMB per share)                          10           0.046        0.011
     Diluted (expressed in RMB per share)                        10           0.046        0.011




66   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

Profit for the period                                                   15,834                    962

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in the fair value of debt instruments at
  fair value through other comprehensive income                                –                    (2)

Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                          –                    (2)

Total comprehensive income for the period                               15,834                    960

Total comprehensive income for the period
 attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                   16,443                  3,834
Non-controlling interests                                                 (609)                (2,874)

                                                                        15,834                    960




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   67
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position
     As at 30 June 2025


                                                                            As at       As at
                                                                         30 June 31 December
                                                                 Note       2025        2024
                                                                             ’
                                                                        RMB 000      RMB’000

     Assets

     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                               11      757,120     809,758
     Right-of-use assets                                         11       91,604     129,392
     Intangible assets                                           11      121,326      46,195
     Deferred income tax assets                                           39,955      32,509
     Investments accounted for using the equity method           12       55,759      44,398
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 15      201,548     208,411
     Financial asset at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                      13        2,400        3,000
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       16       70,217       60,431
     Long-term trade receivables                                 14       25,397       32,277
     Restricted cash                                                           –          442

     Total non-current assets                                           1,365,326   1,366,813

     Current assets
     Financial assets at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                      13            –         400
     Inventories                                                           5,049       6,745
     Long-term trade receivables – current portion               14       43,510      42,183
     Trade receivables                                           14      526,669     432,028
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 15      116,066     144,863
     Notes receivables                                                         –       1,600
     Restricted cash                                                       2,464       2,066
     Cash and cash equivalents                                           364,729     262,387
     Asset classified as held for sale                                         –       4,703

     Total current assets                                               1,058,487    896,975

     Total assets                                                       2,423,813   2,263,788




68   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
          Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Financial Position
                                                                                     As at 30 June 2025


                                                                             As at       As at
                                                                          30 June 31 December
                                                            Note             2025        2024
                                                                              ’
                                                                         RMB 000      RMB’000

EQUITY

Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                17            366,062           356,312
Treasury shares                                              17             (13,032)                –
Shares held for employee share scheme                        17             (50,334)          (14,037)
Reserves                                                     18          1,765,106         1,603,931
Accumulated losses                                                        (474,115)         (490,558)

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                             1,593,687         1,455,648


Non-controlling interests                                                    31,980            28,383

Total equity                                                             1,625,667         1,484,031

LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                   22            267,643           272,222
Lease liabilities                                                           72,030           101,856
Deferred income tax liabilities                                             20,397             4,372
Other non-current liabilities                                                    –               320

Total non-current liabilities                                              360,070           378,770

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                               21             58,977            26,485
Other payables and accruals                                                101,516            78,755
Contract liabilities                                         6(c)           25,342            39,728
Current tax liabilities                                                     63,137            50,992
Borrowings                                                   22            148,704           160,992
Lease liabilities                                                           39,993            43,540
Other non current liability – current portion                                  407               495

Total current liabilities                                                  438,076           400,987

Total liabilities                                                          798,146           779,757

Total equity and liabilities                                             2,423,813         2,263,788




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   69
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                            Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                          Shares
                                                                         held for
                                                                       employee                                              Non-
                                                  Share    Treasury        share             Accumulated                controlling        Total
                                         Note    capital     shares      scheme     Reserves      losses       Subtotal interests         equity
                                                RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000

     As at 1 January 2025                        356,312          –      (14,037)   1,603,931     (490,558)    1,455,648     28,383     1,484,031

     Profit/(loss) for the period                      –          –            –            –       16,443       16,443        (609)      15,834

     Total comprehensive income/
      (loss)                                           –          –            –            –       16,443       16,443        (609)      15,834

     Issues of shares placement                    9,750          –            –     159,544               –    169,294            –     169,294
     Capital injection                                 –          –            –           –               –          –       1,210         1,210
     Repurchase of shares                17            –    (13,032)     (36,297)          –               –    (49,329)           –     (49,329)
     Dividend distribution                             –          –            –           –               –          –      (2,450)       (2,450)
     Liquidation of subsidiaries                       –          –            –           –               –          –          (39)          (39)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                          –          –            –           –               –          –        (200)         (200)
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                       –          –            –           –               –          –      18,966       18,966
     Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                         18            –          –            –       1,631               –      1,631     (13,281)      (11,650)

     Total transactions with owners                9,750    (13,032)     (36,297)    161,175               –    121,596       4,206      125,802

     As at 30 June 2025                          366,062    (13,032)     (50,334)   1,765,106     (474,115)    1,593,687     31,980     1,625,667




70   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                  Equity attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                    Non-
                                               Share                       Accumulated                        controlling       Total
                                      Note    capital        Reserves           losses           Subtotal       interests      equity
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

As at 1 January 2024                          338,496        1,401,974          (447,843)        1,292,627        42,487     1,335,114

Profit/(loss) for the period                        –                –             3,836            3,836          (2,874)         962
Other comprehensive loss                            –               (2)                –               (2)              –           (2)

Total comprehensive (loss)/
 income                                             –               (2)            3,836            3,834          (2,874)         960

Capital injection                                   –                –                 –                 –           700           700
Shares issued pursuant to initial
  public offering on the Main Board
  of The Stock Exchange of Hong
  Kong Limited (the “Listing”)                 17,816         225,147                  –          242,963               –     242,963
Listing expenses capitalised upon
  the Listing                                       –          (15,574)                –           (15,574)             –      (15,574)
Dividend distribution                               –                –                 –                 –         (1,531)       (1,531)
Share-based payments expenses         19            –              466                 –               466              6           472

Total transactions with owners                 17,816         210,039                  –          227,855           (825)     227,030

As at 30 June 2024                            356,312        1,612,011          (444,007)        1,524,316        38,788     1,563,104




                                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025             71
     Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                 Note        2025          2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash used in operations                                                 91,750       38,477
     Interest received                                                        3,761          927
     Income tax paid                                                         (2,491)      (5,277)

     Net cash generated from operating activities                            93,020       34,127

     Cash flows from investing activities
     Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                      (27,828)           –
     Investments in associates                                   12         (12,720)           –
     Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                       –        2,910
     Proceeds from disposal of investments in joint ventures                    800        1,400
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
       equipment                                                                   6            1
     Cash paid to non-control interests result from disposal
       of subsidiaries                                                         (200)           –
     Loans to related parties                                                (1,000)           –
     Repayments of loans to third parties                                         –          600
     Redemption of financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                600           –
     Purchases of intangible assets                                           (4,846)       (992)
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (18,883)    (179,308)

     Net cash used in investing activities                                  (64,071)    (175,389)

     Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from initial public offering                                        –      242,963
     Gross proceeds from shares placement                                   170,291            –
     Capital injection from non-controlling interests in
       subsidiaries                                                           1,210          700
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests of
       subsidiaries                                                           (1,470)      (1,531)
     Proceeds from bank borrowings                                           52,640       45,800
     Repayments of bank borrowings                                          (37,616)     (25,111)
     Proceeds from loans from financial leasing companies                    36,000       74,934
     Repayments of loans from financial leasing companies                   (58,690)     (40,280)
     Repurchase of shares of the Company                                    (49,329)            –
     Repayments to non-controlling shareholders due to
       liquidation of subsidiaries                                          (15,950)            –
     Principal elements of lease payments                                   (12,680)     (21,412)
     Listing expense                                                              –        (9,076)
     Decrease in restricted cash                                                 44         1,999
     Interest paid                                                          (11,057)     (11,024)

     Net cash generated from financing activities                            73,393      257,962

     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                              102,342      116,700
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period                   262,387      188,835

     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period                         364,729      305,535


72   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. formerly known as Shenzhen RIMAG Sunshine Medical
    Technology Co., Ltd. (“the Company”) was incorporated as a limited liability company on
    30 October 2014 in People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The registered office of the
    Company is Room 1002, 10th Floor, No.10 Building Public R&D Centre Xinqi Zhoudong
    Avenue South Chinese Medicine Science and Technology Innovation City Ganjiang
    New District Jiangxi Province, PRC. In June 2021, the Company was converted into
    a joint stock company with limited liabilities. The Company provides medical imaging
    services through the establishment of medical imaging network, as well as operational
    management services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud services.

    The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged
    in the providing medical imaging services, imaging solution services and Rimag Cloud
    services in the PRC.

    The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
    Hong Kong Limited since 7 June 2024.

    This condensed consolidated interim financial information is presented in thousands of
    Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated, and was approved for issue by the Board of
    Directors on 18 August 2025.

    This condensed consolidated interim financial information has not been audited but has
    been reviewed by the Audit Committee.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    This condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months ended 30
    June 2025 has been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards
    (“IAS”) 34, ‘Interim financial reporting’. The condensed consolidated interim financial
    information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for
    the year ended 31 December 2024, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
    Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   73
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     3      SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Except as described below, the accounting policies applied are consistent with those
            of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, as
            described in those consolidated financial statements.

            Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be
            applicable to expected total annual earnings.

     (a)    New and amended standards adopted by the Group

            An amended standard became applicable for the current reporting period. The Group did
            not have to change its accounting policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result
            of adopting these standards.

                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                         annual periods
                                                                                                           beginning on
            New standards and amendments                                                                         or after

            IAS 21 (Amendments)               Lack of exchangeability                                     1 January 2025

     (b)    New standards and amendments not yet adopted

            The following new standards, new interpretations and amendments to standards and
            interpretations have been issued but are not effective for the financial year beginning on
            1 January 2026 and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                         annual periods
                                                                                                           beginning on
            New standards and amendments                                                                         or after

            IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                 Amendments to the classification and measurement of         1 January 2026
              (Amendments)                      financial instruments
            Annual improvements project       Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards –          1 January 2026
                                                volumes 11
            IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                 Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity          1 January 2026
              (Amendments)
            IFRS 18                           Presentation and disclosure in financial statements         1 January 2027
            IFRS 19                           Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures     1 January 2027
            IFRS 10 and IAS 28                Sale or contribution of assets between an investor and    To be determined
              (Amendments)                      its associate or joint venture

            The Group is assessing the full impact of the new standards, new interpretations and
            amendments to standards and interpretations.


74   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025


4     ESTIMATES
      The preparation of interim financial information requires management to make
      judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies
      and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results
      may differ from these estimates.

      In preparing this condensed consolidated interim financial information, the significant
      judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and
      the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those that applied to the
      consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
5.1   Financial risk factors

      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including
      foreign exchange risks and cash flow and fair value interests rate risk), credit risk and
      liquidity risk.

      The condensed consolidated interim financial information does not include all financial
      risk management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements,
      and should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements as
      at 31 December 2024.

      There have been no changes in the major risk management policies since the year end.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   75
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2    Liquidity risk

            The tables below analyse the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant
            maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the end of each reporting period to
            the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the tables are the contractual
            undiscounted cash flows.

                                                                 Between    Between
                                                  Less than         1 and      2 and       Over
                                                     1 year       2 years    5 years    5 years     Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

            As at 30 June 2025
            Borrowings and interests                151,299       136,264    148,093          –    435,656
            Trade payables                           58,977             –          –          –     58,977
            Other payables and accruals
              (excluding non-financial)               58,028            –          –         –      58,028
            Lease liabilities                         44,893       35,050     42,987       788     123,718
            Other non-current liabilities                540          315          –         –         855

                                                    313,737       171,629    191,080       788     677,234

            As at 31 December 2024
            Borrowings and interests                175,109       138,880    162,565          –    476,554
            Trade payables                           26,485             –          –          –     26,485
            Other payables and accruals
              (excluding non-financial)               34,364            –          –          –     34,364
            Lease liabilities                         47,273       44,859     63,635      3,693    159,460
            Other non-current liabilities                540          540         45          –      1,125

                                                    283,771       184,279    226,245      3,693    697,988




76   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.3   Fair value estimation

      (a)   Fair value hierarchy
            Financial instruments carried at fair value or where fair value was disclosed can be
            categorised by levels of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
            value. The inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as
            follows:

            Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as
            publicly traded derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices
            at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial
            assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included
            in level 1.

            Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active
            market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation
            techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as
            possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value
            an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

            Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market
            data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity
            securities.

            The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 2 and
            level 3 fair values.




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   77
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.3    Fair value estimation (continued)

            (a)    Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                   The following table presents the Group’s assets that were measured at fair value at
                   30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024:

                                                              Level 1     Level 2    Level 3     Total
                                                             RMB’000    RMB ’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

                   As at 30 June 2025
                   Assets:
                   Financial assets carried at FVTPL
                   – Unlisted debt instruments
                       (Note 16)                                    –           –     56,684    56,684
                   – Unlisted equity investments
                       (Note 16)                                    –           –     13,533    13,533
                   Financial assets carried at FVOCI
                   – Unlisted equity investments
                       (Note 13)                                    –           –      2,400     2,400

                                                                    –           –     72,617    72,617


                                                              Level 1     Level 2    Level 3     Total
                                                             RMB’000    RMB ’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

                   As at 31 December 2024
                   Assets:
                   Financial assets carried at FVTPL
                   – Unlisted debt instruments
                       (Note 16)                                    –           –     54,388    54,388
                   – Unlisted equity investments
                       (Note 16)                                    –           –      6,043     6,043
                   Financial assets carried at FVOCI
                   – Bank acceptance notes
                       (Note 13)                                    –           –       400        400
                   – Unlisted equity investments
                       (Note 13)                                    –           –      3,000     3,000

                                                                    –           –     63,831    63,831




78   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025


5     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
5.3   Fair value estimation (continued)

      (b)   Valuation techniques used to determine level 3 fair values specific valuation
            techniques used to value financial instruments include:
            •    Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and

            •    Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to
                 determine fair value for the remaining financial instruments.

            There were no changes in valuation techniques during the six months ended 30
            June 2025.

            The fair value of trade receivables, other receivables, long-term trade receivables,
            restricted cash, and cash and cash equivalents approximated their carrying
            amounts.

            The fair value of trade payables, other payables and accruals (excluding payroll and
            welfare payables and other tax payables) and current borrowings approximated
            their carrying amounts. The fair value of non-current borrowings was disclosed in
            note 22.

      (c)   The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers into and out of fair value hierarchy
            levels as at the end of each reporting period. During the six months ended 30 June
            2025 and 2024, there are no transfers among levels of the fair value hierarchy used
            in measuring the fair value of financial instruments, and also no changes in the
            classification of financial assets as a result of a change in the purpose or use of
            those assets.




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   79
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     5      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.3    Fair value estimation (continued)

           (d)     Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
                   The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the six months
                   ended 30 June 2025 and 2024:

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Financial assets at FVPL
                   Opening Balance                                         60,431            53,869
                   Additions                                                  200                 –
                   Contingent consideration of business
                     combination (Note 23(ii))                              2,551                 –
                   Transfer from financial assets at FVOCI                      –             4,772
                   Modification of equity investments                           –               395
                   Fair value changes – gain to profit or loss              7,290               567
                   Settlement                                                (255)             (510)

                   Closing balance                                         70,217            59,093


                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

                   Financial assets at FVOCI
                   Opening Balance                                          3,400             8,263
                   Additions                                                    –             4,642
                   Settlement on mature and factoring                        (400)           (5,639)
                   Capital reduction                                         (600)                –
                   Transfer to financial assets at FVPL                         –            (4,772)

                   Closing balance                                          2,400             2,494


                   There were no changes in valuation techniques during the periods.




80   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025


6     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
(a)   Description of segment and principal activities

      During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group is engaged in imaging business
      in the Mainland China. The Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has been
      identified as the chairman and executive directors of the Board who are responsible for
      allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment.

      Management reviews the operating results of the business as one segment to make
      decisions about resources to be allocated. Therefore, the executive directors of the
      Company regards that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic
      decisions. Revenue and profit before income tax are the measures reported to
      the chairman and executive directors for the purpose of resources allocation and
      performance assessment.

      Throughout the years, the Group has constructed, and shaped the competency in, the
      infrastructure supporting the operations of the imaging center and enrichment imaging
      services business, such as cloud platform services which represents less than 5% of the
      Group’s total revenue.

      All of the Group’s business and operations are conducted in Mainland China and
      currently, the Group’s principal market, majority of revenue, operating loss and non-
      current assets are derived from/located in the Mainland China. Accordingly, no
      geographical segment information is presented.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   81
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     6      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (b)    Revenue during the six months ended 30 June 2025

            An analysis of the Group’s revenue by category for the six months ended 30 June 2025
            and 2024 is as follows:

            The revenue segment information reported to CODM for the six months ended 30 June
            2025 is as follows:

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

            Imaging center services                              Satisfaction of
                                                                  performance
                                                                      obligation
            – Flagship imaging centers                            Point in time         56,687        60,424
            – Regional collaborative imaging centers              Point in time        184,446       182,677
            – Specialized medical consortium imaging
                centers                                               Overtime          45,556        53,995
            – Operational management imaging centers                  Overtime          12,938        21,857

                                                                                       299,627       318,953

            Imaging solution services
            – Imaging equipment solutions                         Point in time        152,004        84,552
            – Equipment maintenance services                         Overtime            8,895           628

                                                                                       160,899        85,180

            Rimag Cloud services
            – Cloud platform services                                Overtime            6,523         5,580
            – Sales of software                                   Point in time              –         4,000

                                                                                         6,523         9,580

                                                                                       467,049       413,713




82   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025


6     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
(c)   Contract liabilities

      The Group has recognised the following contract liabilities which are the advances from
      customers:

                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

      Contract liabilities related to imaging center services                 2,161                2,594
      Contract liabilities related to imaging solution
       services                                                             22,810                36,696
      Contract liabilities related to Rimag Cloud services                     371                   438

                                                                            25,342                39,728


      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the six months ended
      30 June 2025 relates to carried-forward contract liabilities:

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

      Revenue recognised that was included in the
        balance of contract liabilities at the beginning of
        the period
      Imaging center services                                                  800                    96
      Imaging solution services                                             32,486                 4,209
      Cloud platform services                                                  297                    17

                                                                            33,583                 4,322




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   83
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     7      OPERATING PROFIT
            An analysis of the amounts presented as operating items in the financial information is
            given below.

                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

            Raw materials and trading medical equipment                 162,475            81,189
            Employee benefit expenses                                    92,895           100,487
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                80,444            79,424
            Repair and maintenance                                       23,269            24,901
            Marketing fees                                               17,507            19,960
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          17,016            18,496
            Gains from disposal of right-of-use assets                   (2,941)           (1,171)
            Amortization of intangible assets                             2,021             1,932
            Losses from disposal of property, plant and
              equipment                                                     356                69
            Listing expenses                                                  –            34,454


     8      FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

            Finance income:
            – Interest income from bank deposits                           2,931            1,143

            Finance costs:
            – Interest expenses on bank borrowings                        (5,016)          (2,381)
            – Interest expenses on other borrowings                       (6,775)          (4,572)
            – Finance expenses on lease liabilities                       (2,690)          (4,116)

                                                                         (14,481)         (11,069)
            Amount capitalized                                                78               20

            Total finance costs                                          (14,403)         (11,049)

            Finance costs – net                                          (11,472)          (9,906)




84   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


9   INCOME TAX EXPENSE
    The amounts of income tax expense charged to profit or loss in the consolidated interim
    income statements represent:

                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000

    Current income tax                                                14,465                11,366
    Deferred income tax                                               (5,809)               (7,954)

                                                                        8,656                3,412


    Global minimum top-up tax

    The Company’s subsidiaries established and operated in Mainland China are subject to
    the PRC corporate income tax at the statutory rate of 25%.

    During the six months ended 30 June 2025, according to the relevant laws and
    regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, enterprises
    engaging in research and development activities were entitled to claim 200% of
    their research and development expenses incurred as tax deductible expenses when
    determining their assessable profits for that year (the “Super Deduction”).




                                             Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   85
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     9      INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
            A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable corporate
            income tax rate and profit before income tax, with the actual corporate income tax
            during the six months ended 30 June 2025 is as follow:

                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Profit before income tax                                      24,490             4,374

            Tax calculated at applicable statutory tax rate                6,123             1,093
            – Effect of preferential tax rates (a)                          (661)           (2,151)
            – Super deduction on research and development
                expenditure                                                (1,395)          (1,186)
            – Expenses not deductible for tax purpose                       3,795            5,152
            – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses            (2,917)          (3,144)
            – Temporary differences for which no deferred
                income tax assets was recognised                           1,511             1,423
            – Share-based payment expense not recognised as
                deferred tax assets                                           49               112
            – Recognition of deferred tax assets on previously
                unrecognised tax losses and other temporary
                differences                                                (5,861)          (5,803)
            – Tax losses not recognised as deferred tax assets              7,659            7,642
            – Share of result of investment in equity method                  353              274

            Income tax expense                                             8,656             3,412

     (a)    The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the Group’s entities located in Mainland
            China is 25% according to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (the “EIT Law”)
            effective on 1 January 2008 unless these subject to preferential tax rate set out below.

            Each of Beijing Rimag Sunshine Medical Information Technology Co Ltd. (“Beijing
            Information”) and Hubei Zhiying Rimag Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Zhiying”)
            was qualified as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” certificate. Shicheng Rimag
            Sunshine Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. (“Shicheng Rimag”), Xixian Xinqu Rimag Medical
            Imaging Diagnosis Ltd. (“Xixian Rimag”), Shehong Jiashi Rimag Medical Imaging
            Diagnosis Ltd. (“Shehong Rimag”) and Chengdu Wenjiang Rimag Sunshine Internet
            Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Internet”) could enjoy the preferential policy of income
            tax for the development of the western region. According to the approval from the local
            taxation authority, each of Beijing Information, Hubei Zhiying, Shicheng Rimag, Xixian
            Rimag, Shehong Rimag and Chengdu Internet was entitled to a preferential income tax
            rate of 15% for 2024 and Six months ended 30 June 2025.

            The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the small and micro enterprises is 5%
            according to the “EIT Law”.

86   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


10    EARNINGS PER SHARE
(a)   Basic

      Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the earnings of the Group attributable
      to the equity holders of the Company by weighted average number of ordinary shares
      outstanding (excluding treasury shares and shares held for employee share scheme)
      during the six months ended 30 June 2025.

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2025                  2024

      Profit attributable to the equity holders of the
       Company (RMB’000)                                                      16,443                 3,836
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
       outstanding (thousand shares)                                         357,963              340,858

      Basic earnings per share
       (expressed in RMB per share)                                             0.046                0.011


(b)   Diluted

      During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the Group had no potential
      ordinary shares. Accordingly, diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30
      June 2025 and 2024 are the same as basic earnings per share for the respective periods.


11    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND
      INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                         Property, plant        Right-of-         Intangible
                                                         and equipment         use assets             assets

      Six months ended 30 June 2025
      Opening net book amount as at 1 January 2025              809,758           129,392            46,195
      Additions                                                  24,673            23,327             1,408
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                  5,250                 –           75,744
      Change of terms                                                  –            (2,682)               –
      Disposals                                                   (2,117)         (41,417)                –
      Depreciation and amortization                             (80,444)          (17,016)           (2,021)

      Closing net book amount as at 30 June 2025                757,120            91,604           121,326




                                                     Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   87
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     12     INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD
                                                                               As at          As at
                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

            Associates                                                       55,759          44,398


            The movements of investments in associates accounted for using the equity method are
            as follows:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

            At 1 January                                                     44,398          30,760
            Addition                                                         12,720               –
            Share of post-tax profits                                        (1,359)         (1,098)

            At 30 June                                                       55,759          29,662


     13     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT                             FAIR   VALUE    THROUGH        OTHER
            COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               As at          As at
                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                               2025           2024
                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000

            Current
            Debt investments
            – Bank acceptance notes                                               –            400

            Non current
            – Unlisted equity investments                                     2,400           3,000




88   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025


14   TRADE RECEIVABLES AND LONG-TERM TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                      30 June        31 December
                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

     Current
     Trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                          564,660              469,339
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                             9,646                6,562

                                                                       574,306              475,901
     Less: provision for impairment                                    (47,637)             (43,873)

                                                                       526,669              432,028

     Long-term trade receivables – current portion
     – due from third parties                                           49,185                50,788
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                             8,674                 6,578

                                                                        57,859                57,366
     Less: provision for impairment                                    (14,349)              (15,183)

                                                                        43,510                42,183

     Non current
     Long-term trade receivables
     – due from third parties                                           13,062                17,487
     – due from related parties (Note 24(d))                            13,437                16,150

                                                                        26,499                33,637
     Less: provision for impairment                                     (1,102)               (1,360)

                                                                        25,397                32,277

     Total                                                             595,576              506,488


     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses
     prescribed by IFRS 9. As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, provisions of
     RMB63,088,000 and RMB60,416,000 were made against the gross amounts of trade
     receivables and long-term trade receivables, respectively.




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   89
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     14    TRADE RECEIVABLES                       AND       LONG-TERM   TRADE       RECEIVABLES
           (continued)
            As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the ageing analysis of the trade receivables
            based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

            Up to 1 year                                                  462,566          383,265
            1 to 2 years                                                   73,099           69,148
            2 to 3 years                                                   29,899           17,267
            Over 3 years                                                    8,742            6,221

                                                                          574,306          475,901


            Due to the short-term nature of the trade receivables, their carrying amounts
            approximated their fair values as at the balance sheet dates and were denominated in
            RMB.

            As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the ageing analysis of the long-term trade
            receivables based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                             As at           As at
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

            Up to 1 year                                                    1,205            9,211
            1 to 2 years                                                   17,574           39,511
            2 to 3 years                                                   39,362           12,351
            Over 3 years                                                   26,217           29,930

                                                                           84,358           91,003


            The long-term trade receivables have been discounted and there is no material change
            on discount rate, so their carrying amounts approximated their fair values as at the
            balance sheet dates and were denominated in RMB.




90   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025


15   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         30 June        31 December
                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

     Included in non-current assets
     Other receivables
     Deposits – non-current portion                                        13,829                15,938
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                              7,836                 7,962
     Less: provision for impairment                                          (408)                 (577)

                                                                           21,257                23,323
     Prepayments
     Prepayment to a related party (Note 24(d))                                363                     –
     Prepayments for equity investments                                          –                   600
     Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and
       equipment                                                          152,624              158,721
     Deductible value-added tax input                                      14,536               16,438
     Prepayments for intangible assets                                     12,768                9,329

                                                                          180,291              185,088

     Total                                                                201,548              208,411
     Included in current assets
     Other receivables
     Other receivables from related parties (Note 24(d))                        8                    45
     Deposits – current portion                                            16,977                25,903
     Deposits to be used for repurchasing of shares                        14,475                13,675
     Advances to employees                                                    742                   646
     Loans to related parties (Note 24(d))                                 10,911                 7,450
     Loans to a third party                                                 4,279                     –
     Receivables from disposal of subsidiaries                              2,002                 1,712
     Others                                                                 3,472                   764

                                                                           52,866                50,195
     Less: provision for impairment                                          (465)                 (401)

                                                                           52,401                49,794
     Prepayments
     Prepayment to a related party (Note 24(d))                             3,233                 3,229
     Prepayment to suppliers                                                7,865                47,013
     Deductible value-added tax input                                      31,355                28,756
     Prepaid expenses                                                      21,212                16,071

                                                                           63,665                95,069

     Total                                                                116,066              144,863


                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   91
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     16     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                             30 June            31 December
                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Non-current
            – Unlisted debt instruments (Note 5.3(a))                                           56,684                   54,388
            – Unlisted equity investments (Note 5.3(a))                                         13,533                    6,043

                                                                                                70,217                   60,431


     17     SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR
            EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME
                                                                                                          Shares held
                                                       Number of    Number of                            for employee
                                                         ordinary       issued   Ordinary    Treasury           share
                                                          shares       shares     shares    shares (a)     scheme (b)      Total
                                                       thousands    thousands    RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000

            As at 1 January 2025                         338,496       17,816     356,312           –         (14,037)    342,275
            Repurchase of shares                               –            –           –     (13,032)        (36,297)    (49,329)
            Issues of shares placing                           –        9,750       9,750           –               –       9,750

            As at 30 June 2025                           338,496       27,566     366,062     (13,032)        (50,334)    302,696
            As at 1 January 2024                         338,496            –     338,496           –               –     338,496
            Issues of shares pursuant to the Listing           –       17,816      17,816           –               –      17,816

            As at 30 June 2024                           338,496       17,816     356,312           –               –     356,312




92   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025


17    SHARE CAPITAL, TREASURY SHARES AND SHARES HELD FOR
      EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME (continued)
(a)   Details of treasury shares

                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                   Issued shares
                                                                                       thousands

      As at 1 January 2025                                                                         –
      Repurchase of shares                                                                      (846)

      As at 30 June 2025                                                                        (846)


      The Company repurchased 846,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward shares
      through the Stock Exchange from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025. The total value of
      shares repurchased was approximately RMB13,032,000 and has been deducted from
      shareholders’ equity.

(b)   Details of shares held for employee share scheme

                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                   Issued shares
                                                                                       thousands

      As at 1 January 2025                                                                      (336)
      Repurchase of shares                                                                    (1,509)

      As at 30 June 2025                                                                      (1,845)


      The Company repurchased 1,509,000 ordinary shares of its own planned as reward
      shares through the Stock Exchange by engaging a trustee as at 30 June 2025. The total
      value of shares repurchased was approximately RMB36,297,000 and has been deducted
      from shareholders’ equity as at 30 June 2025.




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   93
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     18     RESERVES
            The following table shows a breakdown of the balance sheet line items “reserves” and
            its movements during the respective periods. A description of the nature and purpose of
            each reserve is provided below the table.

                                                                                            Share-
                                                                             Financial      based
                                                      Share        Capital   assets at    payment
                                                   premium       reserves       FVOCI     reserves     Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000

            As at 1 January 2025                  1,345,591       (35,097)           –     293,437   1,603,931
            Issues of shares placing                159,544             –            –           –     159,544
            Transactions with non-
              controlling interests                         –       1,631            –           –       1,631

            As at 30 June 2025                    1,505,135       (33,466)           –     293,437   1,765,106

            As at 1 January 2024                  1,136,018       (30,197)      3,182      292,971   1,401,974
            Share-based payment                           –             –           –          466         466
            Issues of shares pursuant to
              the Listing                           225,147             –            –           –    225,147
            Listing expenses capitalised
              upon listing                           (15,574)           –            –           –     (15,574)
            Financial assets at FVOCI                      –            –           (2)          –           (2)

            As at 30 June 2024                    1,345,591       (30,197)      3,180      293,437   1,612,011


     19     SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
            Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based payments transactions were as
            follows:

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

            Share Incentive Plan (a)                                                       –              472

     (a)    Share-based payments expenses recognised for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and
            2024 were as follows:

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

            Administrative expenses                                                        –              472


94   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2025


20   DIVIDEND
     No dividends have been paid or declared by the Company during the six months ended
     30 June 2025 and the year ended 31 December 2024.


21   TRADE PAYABLES
                                                                      As at              As at
                                                                   30 June        31 December
                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade payables – Third parties                                  58,977                26,485


     The ageing analysis of trade payable as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024 based
     on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                      As at              As at
                                                                   30 June        31 December
                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

     Up to 1 year                                                    53,184                22,749
     1-2 years                                                          915                 3,421
     Over 2 years                                                     4,878                   315

                                                                     58,977                26,485




                                            Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   95
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     22     BORROWINGS
                                                                        As at          As at
                                                                     30 June    31 December
                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

            Non-current:
            Long-term bank borrowings, secured                        66,804          68,976
            Long-term bank borrowings, unsecured                     131,242         114,046
            Loans from financial leasing companies, secured          192,504         223,795

            Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
                    secured                                          (22,394)        (27,234)
                  Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
                   unsecured                                         (33,304)        (20,146)
                  Current portion of loans from financial leasing
                   companies, secured                                (67,209)        (87,215)

                                                                     267,643         272,222

            Current:
            Short-term bank borrowings, secured                        9,950          10,550
            Short-term bank borrowings, unsecured                     15,000          15,000
            Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
             secured                                                  22,394          27,234
            Current portion of long-term bank borrowings,
             unsecured                                                33,304          20,146
            Current portion of loans from financial leasing
             companies, secured                                       67,209          87,215
            Loans from a third party, unsecured                          847             847

                                                                     148,704         160,992

            Total borrowings                                         416,347         433,214




96   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2025


22    BORROWINGS (continued)
(a)   Repayment periods

      The Group’s borrowings as at the balance sheet dates during the six months ended 30
      June 2025 were repayable as follows:

                                         As at 30 June 2025             As at 31 December 2024
                                            Bank                              Bank
                                      Borrowings         Others         Borrowings        Others

      Up to 1 year                         80,648          68,056             72,930            88,062
      Between 1 and 2 years                63,971          68,100             62,254            64,725
      Between 2 and 5 years                78,377          57,195             73,388            71,855

      Total                               222,996         193,351           208,572           224,642


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                         As at 30 June 2025             As at 31 December 2024
                                            Bank                              Bank
                                      Borrowings         Others         Borrowings        Others

      RMB                                 222,996         193,351           208,572           224,642


      The carrying amounts of the borrowings approximate their fair value as at the balance
      sheet date.

      The weighted average effective interest rates at each balance sheet date were as follows:

                                                                  Six month ended 30 June
                                                                           2025                  2024

      Bank borrowings                                                    4.78%                 5.87%
      Loans from financial leasing companies                             6.80%                 7.88%
      Loans from a third party, unsecured                               10.01%                12.00%




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   97
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


     22     BORROWINGS (continued)
     (b)    Other disclosures

            (i)    Fair values
                   The carrying amounts for the majority of the borrowings approximated their fair
                   values as they were carried at floating interest rates.

            (ii)   Risk exposures
                   Details of the Group’s exposure to risks arising from current and non-current
                   borrowings are set out in Note 5.1 and Note 5.2.


     23     BUSINESS COMBINATION
     (i)    Acquisition of Wuhan Ronggongshe Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.

            (a)    Summary of acquisition
                   On 11 June 2025, the Group acquired 51% of equity interest of Wuhan
                   Ronggongshe, a medical supply chain services enterprise. The acquisition has
                   significantly increased the Group’s complements of the Group’s existing medical
                   service division.

                   Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
                   follows:

                                                                                          RMB’000

                   Purchase consideration
                   Cash paid (b)                                                              2,550
                   Other payables                                                             2,550

                                                                                              5,100




98   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025


23    BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
(i)   Acquisition of Wuhan Ronggongshe Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. (continued)

      (a)   Summary of acquisition (continued)
            The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                             Fair value
                                                                                              RMB’000

            Cash                                                                                      3
            Other receivables                                                                    11,365
            Inventories                                                                           8,271
            Trade and other payables                                                             (4,289)
            Contract liabilities                                                                 (6,279)
            Employment benefit                                                                     (159)

            Net identifiable assets acquired                                                       8,912
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                       (4,367)
            Add: goodwill                                                                            555
            Net assets acquired                                                                    5,100


            The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
            acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.

            (i)   Revenue and profit contribution
                  The acquired business contributed revenues of RMB8,913,000 and net profit
                  of RMB246,000 to the Group for the period from 1 June to 30 June 2025.

                  If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, consolidated pro-forma
                  revenue and consolidated profit after tax for the half-year ended 30 June
                  2025 would have been RMB467,049,000 and RMB15,334,000 respectively.

      (b)   Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                              RMB’000

            Consideration paid in cash                                                            2,550
            Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                         (3)

            Net outflow of cash – investing activities                                            2,547




                                                  Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   99
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025


      23     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
      (ii)   Acquisition of Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology Co., Ltd.

             (a)    Summary of acquisition
                    On 27 June 2025, the Group acquired 70% of equity interest of Guangzhou
                    Gaomai, a medical services enterprise. The acquisition has significantly increased
                    the Group’s complements of the Group’s existing medical service division.

                    Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as
                    follows:

                                                                                               RMB’000

                    Purchase consideration
                    Cash paid (b)                                                                 25,400
                    Other payables                                                                28,600
                    Less: contingent consideration                                                (2,551)

                                                                                                  51,449


                    The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                               RMB’000

                    Cash                                                                              119
                    Trade and bills receivables – current                                             147
                    Other receivables                                                                 100
                    Property, plant and equipment                                                   5,250
                    Intangible assets: client relationships                                        57,554
                    Trade and other payables                                                         (365)
                    Current tax liabilities                                                             (3)
                    Deferred income tax liability                                                 (14,389)


                    Net identifiable assets acquired                                               48,413
                    Less: non-controlling interests                                               (14,599)
                    Add: goodwill                                                                  17,635
                    Net assets acquired                                                            51,449


                    The goodwill is attributable to the workforce and the high profitability of the
                    acquired business. It will not be deductible for tax purposes.




100   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025


23     BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
(ii)   Acquisition of Guangzhou Gaomai Health Technology Co., Ltd. (continued)

       (a)   Summary of acquisition (continued)
             (i) Revenue and profit contribution
                 The acquired business contributed no revenues and net profit of negative
                 RMB2,000 to the Group for the period from 27 June to 30 June 2025.

                   If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2025, consolidated pro-forma
                   revenue and consolidated profit after tax for the year ended 30 June 2025
                   would have been RMB467,304,000 and RMB13,144,000 respectively.

       (b)   Purchase consideration – cash outflow

                                                                                               RMB’000

             Consideration paid in cash                                                           25,400
             Less: cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                       (119)

             Net outflow of cash – investing activities                                           25,281


24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       Parties are considered to be related in one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to
       control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making
       financial and operation decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
       subject to common control.

       The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
       and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended 30
       June 2025, and balances arising from related party transactions as at 30 June 2025 and
       31 December 2024 respectively.




                                                   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   101
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025


      24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
             The major related parties that had transactions and balances with the Group were as
             follows:

      (a)    Related parties of the Company and the Group

             Name of related parties                                                                            Relationship

             Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                            Associate
              (漢吉健康管理（上海）有限公司)
             Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.           Associate
              (上海正影醫學影像診斷中心有限公司)
             Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging Diagnosis                 Associate
              Center Co., Ltd.
              (寧德市交投一脈陽光醫學影像診斷中心有限公司)
             Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
              (北京一脈萬方診所有限公司)
             Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                      Associate
              (上海一脈心雲醫療科技有限公司)
             Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.                       Associate
              (上海融公社芳侯科技有限公司)
             Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.           Joint venture
              (上海實和智能電子科技有限公司) (Note (i))
             Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.                A company controlled
              (武漢融公社醫療器械有限公司) (Note (ii))                                         by a Director
             Gongqingcheng Fanghou No.1 Investment Partnership             A company controlled
              (Limited Partnership)                                               by a Director
              (共青城芳侯一號投資合夥企業（有限合夥）)
             Shanghai Rongtu Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                  A company controlled
              (上海榕途醫療器械有限公司)                                                      by a Director

             Note (i):    According to the Articles of Association of Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology Co.,
                          Ltd., all resolutions must be unanimously passed by all shareholders, and none of the participating
                          parties has unilateral control over the economic activity of the jointly controlled entity, which is thus
                          accounted for the investment as an investment in joint ventures. In September 2023, the Company
                          entered into a share transfer agreement that the Company sell the 20% equity interests to a third
                          party. The Company will receive a fixed amount of RMB5,000,000 over one year on monthly basis.
                          The transaction has been completed on March 2025.


             Note (ii):   In June 2025, the Group acquired 51% of equity interest of Wuhan Rong Commune Medical
                          Equipment Co., Ltd. Therefore, Wuhan Rong Commune Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. was transferred
                          from a subsidiary of an associate, which is Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology Co., Ltd.,
                          to a subsidiary of the Group since 11 June 2025.




102   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025


24    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(a)   Related parties of the Company and the Group (continued)

      The following is a summary of the significant transactions carried out between the Group
      and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the six months ended
      30 June 2025, and balances arising from related party transactions as at the respective
      balance sheet dates.

(b)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

      Sales of services and goods
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
       Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                         3,123                   828
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                291                   317
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
       Center Co., Ltd.                                                     276                      –

                                                                          3,690                1,145
      Purchase of services and products
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                           99                2,314
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                                 30                    –
      Shanghai Yimai Xinyun Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                      7                  121
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
       Center Co., Ltd.                                                        3                     –
      Shanghai Shihe Intelligent Electronic Technology
       Co., Ltd.                                                               –                  140

                                                                            139                2,575
      Loans to related parties
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                              1,000                      –
      Rental expense
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
       Center Co., Ltd.                                                      90                   115




                                               Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   103
      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025


      24     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      (c)    Key management compensation

             Key management includes Directors (executive and non-executive), chief executive
             officer, the Company secretary, the executive president of imaging hospital and
             supervisors. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee
             services is as follows:

                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

             – Salaries, wages and bonuses                                 3,432            2,037
             – Pension costs-defined contribution plans                      133              167
             – Housing fund, medical insurance and
                other social insurance                                       142              546

                                                                           3,707            2,750


             For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, the salaries, bonus and other welfares
             disclosed above include RMB566,000 and RMB367,000 payables which were unpaid as
             at period end and are included in other payables and accruals.




104   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Information
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025


24    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(d)   Balances with related parties

                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                     30 June        31 December
                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Trade receivables and long-term trade receivables
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                               22,631                23,241
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                       8,333                 5,565
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                               793                   484
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses                        (1,085)               (1,066)

                                                                       30,672                28,224
      Other receivable and prepayments
      – Other receivable
      Beijing Yimai Wanfang Clinic Co., Ltd.                             5,000                4,000
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                 3,450                3,450
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology
        Co., Ltd.                                                        2,461                      –
      Ningde Jiaotou Yimai Sunshine Medical Imaging
        Diagnosis Center Co., Ltd.                                            8                   45
      – Prepayments
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       3,200                3,200
      Shanghai Rongtu Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                         363                    –
      Shanghai Zhengying Medical Imaging Diagnosis
        Center Co., Ltd.                                                    33                    29
      Less: allowance for expected credit losses                          (125)                  (86)

                                                                       14,390                10,638
      Other payable and accruals
      Shanghai Ronggongshe Fanghou Technology
       Co., Ltd.                                                         2,550                    –
      Hanji Health Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       1,125                1,500

                                                                         3,675                1,500




                                              Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   105
      Definitions


      “Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Board

      “Board”                              the board of Directors

      “China” or “PRC”                     the People’s Republic of China, which for the purpose of this
                                           interim report and for geographical reference only, excludes
                                           Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

      “Company” or               Jiangxi Rimag Group Co., Ltd. (江西一脈陽光集團股份有限公司),
        “our Company” or “Rimag” a company initially established under the laws of the PRC on
                                 October 30, 2014 as a joint stock company with limited liability,
                                 subsequently converted into a limited liability company on July
                                 15, 2016 and further converted into a joint stock company with
                                 limited liability in the PRC on June 30, 2021 and the H Shares
                                 of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2522)
                                 and which includes its subsidiaries (from time to time) where the
                                 context so requires

      “connected person(s)”                has the same meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Corporate Governance                the “Corporate Governance Code” as set out in Appendix C1 to
        Code”                              the Listing Rules

      “Director(s)”                        the director(s) of the Company

      “Ganjiang New Area Rimag”            Jiangxi Ganjiang New Area Rimag Enterprise Management
                                           Center (Limited Partnership) (江西贛江新區一脈陽光企業管理中
                                           心(有限合夥)) (formerly known as Nanchang Rimag Sunshine
                                           Enterprise Management Center (Limited Partnership) (南昌一
                                           脈陽光企業管理中心(有限合夥))), a limited liability partnership
                                           established under the laws of the PRC on March 28, 2016 as an
                                           employee shareholding platform of the Company

      “General Mandate”                    the general mandate granted by the special resolution passed
                                           at the annual general meeting of the Company held on April
                                           23, 2025 to the Board to allot, issue and deal with new Shares
                                           and/or to sell or transfer treasury shares not exceeding 20% of
                                           the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares)
                                           as at the date of passing of the resolution, that is a total of
                                           71,262,366 Shares

      “Global Offering”                    the global offering of an aggregate of 17,816,000 H Shares by
                                           the Company, details of which are set out in the Prospectus




106   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
                                                                                       Definitions


“Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”   the Company and its subsidiaries (or the Company and any one
                               or more of its subsidiaries, as the context may require)

“H Share(s)”                   overseas listed foreign ordinary share(s) in the share capital of
                               the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are
                               listed and traded on the Stock Exchange

“HK$”                          Hong Kong dollars and cents respectively, the lawful currency
                               of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                               Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or
                               otherwise modified from time to time

“Main Board”                   the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the
                               Stock Exchange, which is independent from and operated in
                               parallel with Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                   the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                               Listed Issuers” set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Placees”                      any individual, professional, corporate, institutional and other
                               investors, whom the Placing Agents have procured to subscribe
                               for any of the Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing Agreement

“Placing”                      the placing of the Placing Shares by or on behalf of Placing
                               Agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the
                               Placing Agreement

“Placing Agents”               CLSA Limited, Guotai Junan Securities (Hong Kong) Limited and
                               TradeGo Markets Limited

“Placing Agreement”            the conditional placing agreement entered into between the
                               Company and the Placing Agents dated April 25, 2025 in
                               relation to the Placing under the General Mandate

“Placing Price”                the price of HK$20.00 per Placing Share




                                                Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025   107
      Definitions


      “Placing Share(s)”                   9,750,000 new H Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to
                                           the terms and conditions of the Placing Agreement which will
                                           rank pari passu in all respects with the H Shares in issue and
                                           together with all rights attaching to as at the date of issue of the
                                           placing shares

      “Prospectus”                         the prospectus issued by the Company dated May 30, 2024

      “Reporting Period”                   the six months ended June 30, 2025

      “RMB”                                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

      “second half of 2024”                the six months ended December 31, 2024

      “SFO”                                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
                                           Laws of Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise
                                           modified from time to time

      “Share(s)”                           ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company with a
                                           nominal value of RMB1.00 each, including Unlisted Shares and
                                           H Shares

      “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares

      “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “subsidiary(ies)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “substantial shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Supervisor(s)”                      the supervisor(s) of the Company

      “treasury share(s)”                  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Unlisted Share(s)”                  ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a
                                           nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are not listed on any
                                           stock exchange

      “%”                                  per cent




108   Jiangxi Rimag Group Company Limited | Interim Report 2025
