            ACN 149 349 646

 AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES




ANNUAL REPORT
    30 June 2021
CONTENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021




  Corporate Directory                                                        1

  Directors’ Report                                                          2

  Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                        32

  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   33

  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                              34

  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               35

  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                          36

  Notes to the Financial Statements                                         37

  Directors’ Declaration                                                    63

  Independent Auditor’s Report                                              64

  Additional Shareholder Information                                        71
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021



Directors

Richard Homsany (Non-Executive Chairman)
Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (Managing Director)
Chris Chalwell (Non-Executive Director)
Terry Gardiner (Non-Executive Director)
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu (Non-Executive Director)
Daniel Jimenez (Non-Executive Director)

Company Secretary

Mike Robbins

Registered Office

Level 3, 30 Richardson Street
West Perth, WA, 6005
Ph: +61 8 9322 6283
Fax: +61 8 9322 6398
Email: admin@galanlithium.com.au
Website: www.galanlithium.com.au

Auditors

Hall Chadwick WA Audit Pty Ltd (formerly Bentleys Audit & Corporate (WA) Pty Ltd))
283 Rokeby Road
Subiaco WA 6008

Share Registry

Advanced Share Registry Limited
110 Stirling Highway
Nedlands WA 6009

Home Stock Exchange Listing

Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX) – Perth, Australia

ASX Code - GLN

FSX Code - 9CH




                                                                                     1
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

The Directors submit their report on Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan) and its controlled
entities (the Group) for the financial year ending 30 June 2021 (the year).

Galan is a company limited by shares that is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its listed equity
securities are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).

1.      DIRECTORS

The names and details of the Company’s Directors in office during the year and until the date of this report
are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire year unless otherwise stated.

Richard Homsany - Non-Executive Chairman

Experience

Mr Homsany is an experienced corporate lawyer who has extensive board and operational experience
in the resources and energy sectors. He is Executive Chairman of ASX listed Toro Energy Limited (ASX:TOE),
Executive Vice President, Australia of TSX listed Mega Uranium Ltd (TSX:MGA), Chairman of Health
Insurance Fund of Australia Ltd and the principal of Cardinals Lawyers and Consultants, a boutique
corporate and energy & resources law firm.

Other listed directorships

Redstone Resources Limited                 Since November 2007
Toro Energy Limited                        Since December 2013
Brookside Energy Limited                   Since February 2020
Central Iron Ore Ltd (TSX:V)               Since October 2010

Interest in shares and options

933,259 ordinary shares
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Juan Pablo (‘JP’) Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director

Experience

JP is a Chilean/Australian mineral industry professional with 19 years’ broad experience in ASX listed mining
companies, stockbroking and private equity firms. JP has been a specialist lithium analyst in Australia, has
also operated a private copper business in Chile and has worked for BHP, Rio Tinto and Codelco. Founder
of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd, vendor of the original Argentinian assets.

Other listed directorships

Nil

Interest in shares and options

17,289,932 ordinary shares
5,000,000 Class B performance shares
1,500,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Christopher William Chalwell - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Chalwell was previously the COO SKILLED Workforce Services Western Mining Region. He has been
involved in the gas to coal conversion of the Mica Creek Power station in Mt Isa and the Pasminco Century
Mine in north Queensland. Extensive experience with feasibility studies, commercial reviews for project
funding, contract appraisal and award.

Other listed directorships

Nil

                                                                                                           2
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Interest in shares and options

2,301,878 ordinary shares
357,143 $0.25 options (expire 31 March 2022)
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Terry James Gardiner - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Gardiner has 20+ years’ experience in capital markets, stockbroking & derivatives trading and prior to
that had many years trading in equities & derivatives for his family accounts. Currently a Director of
boutique stockbroking firm Barclay Wells Limited, a Non-Executive Director of Cazaly Resources Ltd and
Non-Executive Chairman of Charger Metals NL plus non-executive positions with other ASX listed entities.

Other listed directorships

Cazaly Resources Ltd since December 2016.
Roto-Gro International Limited since July 2019.
Affinity Energy and Health Limited since October 2019.
Charger Metals NL since August 2021

Interest in shares and options

6,448,600 ordinary shares
307,143 $0.25 options (expire 31 March 2022)
1,500,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Daniel Jimenez - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Jimenez is a civil industrial engineer and MBA who previously worked for the world leader in the lithium
industry Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) for
28 years based in Santiago, Chile, Belgium and the USA. His last position was as Senior Vice President
Commercial Lithium, Iodine and Industrial Chemicals where he formulated the commercial strategy and
marketing of SQM’s industrial products and was responsible for over US$900 million worth of sales.

Other listed directorships

Nil

Interest in shares and options

324,442 ordinary shares
2,000,000 options exercisable at $0.25 expiring on or before 1 December 2021
324,442 $0.25 options (expire 31 March 2022)
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Jinyu (Raymond) Liu - Non-Executive Director

Experience


Mr Liu is a mining executive with extensive experiences in mineral project development and investment.
Mr Liu is the director of Heritage Minerals and the Founding Partner of Havelock Mining Investment, a
Hong Kong investment company and has been involved with numerous investments in ASX listed
companies. Mr Liu has worked for Fosun Group, Rio Tinto, KCGM and Mt Gibson Iron. He was formerly a
director of Okapi Resources Ltd.


Other listed directorships

Okapi Resources Limited (October 2017 – May 2021)



                                                                                                         3
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Interest in shares and options

18,054,432 ordinary shares
71,428 options (expire 31 March 2022)
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)

Mike Robbins - Company Secretary

Mr Robbins has over 20 years resource industry experience gathered at both operational and corporate
levels, both within Australia and overseas. During that time, he has held numerous project and head office
management positions and is also Company Secretary for Cazaly Resources Limited.

2.           DIVIDENDS

No dividend has been paid during the year and no dividend is recommended for the year.

3.           DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

The number of Directors’ meetings held and conducted during the financial year and the number of
meetings attended by each Director are:

                                                                                   Meetings
                                                                                No.           No.
                                                                            Eligible     Attended

 Mr Homsany                                                                       8              8
 Mr Vargas de la Vegas                                                            8              8
 Mr Chalwell                                                                      8              7
 Mr Gardiner                                                                      8              7
 Mr Jimenez                                                                       8              8
 Mr Liu                                                                           8              8

For details of the function of the Board and any relevant committees please refer to the Corporate
Governance Statement on the Company’s website at www.galanlithium.com.au.

4.           PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company during the course of the financial year consisted of mineral
exploration, evaluation and development.

5.           RISKS

There are specific risks associated with the activities of the Group and general risks which are largely
beyond the control of the Group and the Directors. The risks identified below, or other risk factors, may
have a material impact on the future financial performance of the Group and the market price of the
Company’s shares.

All mining ventures are exposed to risks and the Group and the Board continues to monitor risks associated
with current projects whilst also analysing the risks associated with any new mining opportunities. These
risks may cover such areas as:

Title Risk

This may specifically cover mining tenure whereby country specific mining laws and legislation apply.

Any opportunity in Australia and overseas, specifically Argentina, will be subject to particular risks
associated with operating in Australia or the respective foreign country. These risks may include
economic, social or political instability or change, hyperinflation, currency non-convertibility or instability
and changes of law affecting foreign ownership, exchange control, exploration licensing, export duties,
investment into a foreign country and repatriation of income or return of capital, environmental
protection, land access and environmental regulation, mine safety, labour relations as well as
government control over mineral properties or government regulations that require the employment of
local staff or contractors or require other benefits be provided to local residents.


                                                                                                             4
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Exploration Risk

The Board realises that mineral exploration and development are high risk undertakings due to the high
level of inherent uncertainty. There can be no assurance that exploration of the Group’s tenements, or of
any other tenements that may be acquired by the Group in the future, will result in the discovery of
economic mineralisation. Even if economic mineralisation is discovered there is no guarantee that it can
be commercially exploited.

Any future exploration activities of the Group may be affected by a range of factors including geological
conditions, limitations on activities due to seasonal weather patterns, unanticipated operational and
technical difficulties, industrial and environmental accidents, native title process, changing government
regulations and many other factors beyond the control of the Group.

Economic

General economic conditions, introduction of tax reform, new legislation, the general level of activity
within the resources industry, movements in interest, inflation and currency exchange rates may have an
adverse effect on the Group’s activities, as well as on its ability to fund those activities.

Resource Estimates

The Group’s main projects may contain JORC Code compliant resources. There is no guarantee that a
JORC Code compliant resource will be discovered on any of the Group’s other tenements. Resource
estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry practice.
Estimates which were valid when originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or
techniques become available. In addition, by their very nature, resource estimates are imprecise and
depend to some extent on interpretations which may prove to be inaccurate. As further information
becomes available through additional fieldwork and analysis the estimates are likely to change. This may
result in alterations to development and mining plans which may, in turn, adversely affect the Group’s
operations and the value of the Company’s quoted securities.

Access Risks – Cultural Heritage and Native Title

The Group must comply with various country specific cultural heritage and native title legislation including
access agreements which require various commitments, such as base studies and compliant survey work,
to be undertaken ahead of the commencement of mining operations.

It is possible that some areas of those tenements may not be available for exploration due to cultural
heritage and native title legislation or invalid access agreements. The Group may need to obtain the
consent of the holders of such interests before commencing activities on affected areas of the
tenements. These consents may be delayed or may be given on conditions which are not satisfactory to
the Group.

JV and Contractual Risk

The Group has and may have additional options where it can increase its holding in the selective assets
by achieving or undertaking selected milestones. The Group’s ability to achieve its objectives and earn
or maintain an interest in these projects is dependent upon it and the registered holders of those
tenements complying with their respective contractual obligations under joint venture agreements in
respect of those tenements, and the registered holders complying with the terms and conditions of the
tenements and any other relevant legislation.

Market conditions

Share market conditions may affect the value of the Company’s quoted securities regardless of the
Group’s operating performance. Share market conditions are affected by many factors such as:

    –   general economic outlook;
    –   introduction of tax reform or other new legislation;
    –   interest rates and inflation rates;
    –   changes in investor sentiment toward particular market sectors;
    –   Covid-19
    –   the demand for, and supply of, capital; and
    –   terrorism or other hostilities.

                                                                                                          5
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

The market price of securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject to varied and unpredictable
influences on the market for equities in general and resource exploration stocks in particular. Neither the
Company nor the Directors warrant the future performance of the Company or any return on an
investment in the Company.

Volatility in Global Credit and Investment Markets

Global credit, commodity and investment markets have recently experienced a high degree of
uncertainty and volatility. The factors which have led to this situation have been outside the control of
the Group and may continue for some time resulting in continued volatility and uncertainty in world stock
markets (including the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)). This may impact the price at which the
Company’s quoted securities trade regardless of operating performance and affect the Company’s
ability to raise additional equity and/or debt to achieve its objectives, if required.

Commodity Price Volatility and Exchange Rates Risks

If the Group achieves success leading to mineral production, the revenue it will derive through the sale
of lithium or any other minerals it may discover exposes the potential income of the Group to commodity
price and exchange rate risks. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many factors beyond
the control of the Group. Such factors include supply and demand fluctuations for commodities and
metals, technological advancements, forward selling activities and other macro-economic factors such
as inflation expectations, interest rates and general global economic conditions.

Furthermore, international prices of various commodities are denominated in United States dollars
whereas the income and expenditure of the Group are and will also be taken into account in Australian
dollars and Argentinian pesos. This exposes the Group to the fluctuations and volatility of the rate of
exchange between the United States dollar and the Australian dollar and Argentinian peso as
determined in international markets.

If the price of commodities declines this could have an adverse effect on the Group’s exploration,
development and possible production activities, and its ability to fund these activities.

Environmental Risks

The operations and proposed activities of the Group are subject to each project’s jurisdiction, laws and
regulations concerning the environment. As with most exploration projects and mining operations, the
Group’s activities are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if advanced
exploration or mine development proceeds. Any future legislation and regulations governing exploration,
development and possible production may impose significant environmental obligations on the Group.

The cost and complexity of complying with the applicable environmental laws and regulations may
prevent the Group from being able to develop potential economically viable mineral deposits. The Group
may require approval from the relevant authorities before it can undertake activities that are likely to
impact the environment. Failure to obtain such approvals or to obtain them on terms acceptable to the
Group may prevent the Group from undertaking its desired activities. The Group is unable to predict the
effect of additional environmental laws and regulations, which may be adopted in the future, including
whether any such laws or regulations would materially increase the Group’s cost of doing business or
affect its operations in any area.

There can be no assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies,
once implemented, will not oblige the Group to incur significant expenses and undertake significant
investments in such respect which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Climate Change

The Group recognises that physical and non-physical impacts of climate change may affect assets,
productivity, markets and the community. Risks related to the physical impacts of climate change include
the risks associated with increased severity of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from
longer-term changes in climate patterns. Non-physical risks and opportunities arise from a variety of
policy, legal, technological and market responses to the challenges posed by climate change and the
transition to a lower carbon world.




                                                                                                         6
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Sovereign and Political Risks

Mineral exploration tenure in Argentina is governed by Argentinian legislation.

Its interests in Argentina will be subject to the risks associated with operating in a foreign country. These
risks may include economic, social or political instability or change, hyperinflation, currency non-
convertibility or instability and changes of law affecting foreign ownership, exchange control, exploration
licensing, export duties, investment into a foreign country and repatriation of income or return of capital,
environmental protection, land access and environmental regulation, mine safety, labour relations as well
as government control over petroleum properties or government regulations that require the employment
of local staff or contractors or require other benefits be provided to local residents.

The Group may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing its rights with respect to government
instrumentalities because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity.

Any future material adverse changes in government policies or legislation in Argentina that affect
ownership, mineral exploration, development or mining activities, may affect the viability and profitability
of the Group.

The legal system operating in Argentina is different to that in Australia and this may result in risks such as:

   •      Different forms of legal redress in the courts whether in respect of a breach of law or regulation,
          or in ownership dispute.
   •      A higher degree of discretion on the part of governmental agencies.
   •      Differences in political and administrative guidance on implementing applicable rules and
          regulations including, in particular, as regards local taxation and property rights.
   •      Different attitudes of the judiciary and court.
   •      Difficultly in enforcing judgments.

The commitment by local business people, government officials and agencies and the judicial system to
abide by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain, creating particular
concerns with respect to licences and agreements for business. These may be susceptible to revision or
cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed. There can be no assurance that joint
ventures, licences, licence applications or other legal arrangements will not be adversely affected by the
actions of government authorities or others and the effectiveness and enforcement of such arrangements
cannot be assured.

The Group cannot guarantee that the licences and/or tenements in which it may acquire an interest, if it
completes the acquisition, or any other licences and/or tenements in which it has or may acquire in the
future, will be renewed beyond their current expiry date and there is a material risk that, in the event the
holder of those licences and/or tenements is unable to renew any of them beyond their current expiry
date, all or part of the Group’s interests in the corresponding projects may be relinquished. Further, there
is no guarantee that any applications for mining licences and/or tenements will be granted or granted
on conditions satisfactory to the Group.

The Group’s future operations in Argentina may be affected by changing political conditions and
changes to laws and mineral and/or mining policies. The effects of these factors cannot be accurately
predicted and developments may impede the operation or development of a project or even render it
uneconomic.

The above risks are not exhaustive but cover the main exposure areas observed by the Group. The Group
is continually assessing industry type risk (eg. resources, commercial, commodity prices & volatility,
insurance and environmental) and general type risk (eg. economic, inflationary, share markets,
government & legal and global volatility).




                                                                                                              7
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

6.      OPERATIONS & CORPORATE REVIEW

OPERATIONS

The Company continued its successful safety record with no recorded lost time injuries (LTI’s) since the
2020 annual report.

Hombre Muerto West Project

Resource

On 17 November 2020, Galan announced a revised JORC (2012) reported Mineral Resource estimate for
the Hombre Muerto West lithium brine project of a world class 2.3 million tonnes LCE @ 946mg/l Li. The
resource estimate was completed by the Company’s consultants SRK Consulting (Australasia) (SRK) and
was conducted by their Australian based team.

The initial Hombre Muerto West resource estimate (ASX: GLN 12 March 2020) was updated by SRK on 22
June 2020 to include the acquisition of the Deceo III concession, adjacent to the Pata Pila licence area
and the resource estimate was re-classified from Inferred to Indicated. SRK have now updated the HMW
resource based on the recent acquisition of the Del Condor concession and a review of specific yield
values used in the resource calculations. The key HMW concessions (Del Condor, Deceo III, Pata Pila and
Rana de Sal; see figure 1) have been combined to produce a total indicated resource of approximately
2.3 million tonnes of contained lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) product grading at 946mg/l Li (with no
Li cut off). A summary of the HMW mineral resource, is provided in the Mineral Resource Statement (Table
1).

Summary of Resource Estimate and Reporting Criteria

The mineral resource estimation was undertaken by SRK Consulting (Australasia) (SRK) and was based
upon results from drill holes within the Pata Pila, Deceo III and Rana de Sal tenement holdings at Hombre
Muerto West (see figure 1) for a total of 1,054 metres (see ASX: GLN 12 March 2020 for a summary of drill
data). The hydrogeologic domains were constrained by logged units within both holes and from
interpretation of ten geophysical profiles (controlled source audio-frequency magnetotellurics [CSMAT])
The mineral resource estimates undertaken by SRK were determined for lithium and potassium. Lithium is
reported as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) equivalent, and potassium as potassium chloride (KCI). Table 1
below provides a summary of the resource reported in accordance with the JORC Code guidelines.
According to SRK, the maiden Hombre Muerto West Mineral Resource represents geologically well-
defined zones of high-grade lithium mineralisation. It comprises significant mineralised hydrogeologic
domains.


        Table 1: Mineral Resource Statement for Hombre Muerto West and Candelas North (November 2020)



       Resource      Brine Vol.                         Avg. Li        LCE     Avg. K   In situ K       KCI Equiv.
                                     In situ Li (Kt)
       Category        (Mm3)                            (mg/l)         (Kt)               (Kt)             (Kt)
                                                                               (mg/l)
                                        Hombre Muerto West: Sand Domain

      Indicated         430               407             945          2,166   8,720     3,753            7,157

                                      Hombre Muerto West: Gravel Domain

      Indicated         12                 12             947           61     8,804      107              204

                                       Hombre Muerto West: Halite Domain
      Indicated          8                 8              946           40     8,846       70              134
      HMW Total         450               426             946          2,267   9,725     3,931            7,496
                                                  Candelas North (*)
      Indicated         196               129             672          685     5,193     1,734            3,307
                                            Galan’s Resource Inventory
     Grand Total        646               555             858          2,952   8767      5,665           10,803



                                                                                                                 8
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

NB.; no cut-off grade for HMW, Li: 500mg/l cut off for Candelas North, no cut off for K based on 325,012,500 m3 volume.
These results refer to the drainable porosity, the specific yield (SY) values used are as follows: Sand – 12.5%, Gravel – 6% and
Halite – 4%. There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding. The conversion for LCE = Li x 5.3228,
KCl = K x 1.907.
(*) The Candelas North Mineral Resource Statement was originally announced by Galan on 1 October 2019.
There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.

For more detailed technical information surrounding the resource statement please refer to the ASX Announcement dated
17 November 2020 entitled ‘Huge Increase in Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Resource – Now Over 2 Million Tonnes’ and to
the JORC Code Tables attached to that announcement and the December 2020 Quarterly Activities Report dated 29
October 2020.

Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA)

Cautionary Statement

The Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) is a preliminary technical and economic study (equivalent to
a JORC Scoping Study) of the potential viability of the HMW Lithium Brine Project required to reach a
decision to proceed with more definitive studies. It is based on preliminary/low-level technical and
economic assessments that are not sufficient to support the estimation of Ore Reserves or provide
certainty that the conclusions/results of the PEA will be realised. Further exploration and evaluation work
and appropriate studies are required before Galan will be in a position to estimate any Ore Reserves or
to provide any assurance of an economic development case.

The economic analysis results should be treated as preliminary in nature and caution should be exercised
in their use as a basis for assessing project feasibility. The PEA was based on material assumptions including
assumptions about the availability of funding. While Galan considers all of the material assumptions to be
based on reasonable grounds, there is no certainty that they will prove to be correct or that the range of
outcomes indicated by the PEA will be achieved.

To achieve the range of proposed feasibility studies and potential mine development outcomes
indicated in the PEA, additional funding will be required. Investors should note that there is no certainty
that Galan will be able to raise funding when needed. It is also possible that such funding may only be
available on terms that may be dilutive to or otherwise affect the value of Galan’s existing shares. It is also
possible that Galan could pursue other ‘value realisation’ strategies such as a sale, partial sale or joint
venture of the project. If it does, this could materially reduce Galan’s proportionate ownership of the
project.

All of the material included in the mining schedules used in the PEA are within Galan’s Indicated Mineral
Resources.

Process and engineering works for the PEA were developed to support capital and operating estimates
(and following AUSIMM Guidelines for this study level), and given the preliminary and confidential nature
of the plant information, the capital cost margin of error is ±30% on the ‘factored cases’ estimated figures
and operating cost is ±30%. Key assumptions used in the PEA are outlined in the body of this
announcement. Galan has concluded it has a reasonable basis for providing the forward-looking
statements in this announcement.

The Mineral Resources information in this report is extracted from the ASX announcement entitled “Huge
Increase in Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Indicated Resource – Now Over 2 Million Tonnes” dated 17
November 2020 available at www.galanlithium.com.au and www.asx.com. Galan confirms that it is not
aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original
market announcement and, in the case of Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves, that all material
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement
continue to apply and have not materially changed. Galan confirms that the form and context in which
the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified.

Given the uncertainties involved, all figures, costs and estimates quoted are approximate values and
within the margin of error range expressed in the relevant sections throughout this announcement.
Investors should not make any investment decisions based solely on the results of the PEA.
      ______________________________________________________________________________________




                                                                                                                                   9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

On 21 December 2020, Galan announced the results of a Preliminary Economic Assessment (PEA) for its
100% owned Hombre Muerto West Project in Catamarca Province, Argentina. The PEA, at a minimum,
complies with the Canadian NI 43-101 regulation known as a PEA and is equivalent to a JORC Scoping
Study.

The PEA process provided significant economic outcomes for the HMW Project which Galan believes can
be finessed and enhanced further to optimise the Project’s obvious potential. The Study estimated a
production profile of 20,000 tonnes per annum of battery grade lithium carbonate product. The analysis
provides outcomes that are considered very competitive with compelling results for the lithium industry.

For more detailed and technical information on the PEA please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 21
December 2020 entitled ‘Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for 100% Owned Hombre
Muerto West (HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’

The preparation of the Project’s PEA was carried out by several well regarded consultants. The mineral
resource estimate was prepared by SRK, the lithium recovery method was designed by Ad-Infinitum, while
Worley Chile reviewed the potential recovery method, the project’s potential layout and infrastructure,
capital and operating cost estimates and preliminary economic evaluation. The other sections of the
study were managed by employees of the Company. Key financial highlights are presented in Table 2.
                                   Table 2: Preliminary Economic Assessment Results



           Parameters                                       Units                          Values

           Lithium Carbonate Production                     Tonnes/year                     20,000
           Project Life Estimate                            Years                               40
           Capital Cost (CAPEX)                             US$ m                              439
           Capital Cost (ex-contingency)                    US$ m                              338
           Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)             US$/tonne                        3,518
           Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2020-2040)         US$/tonne                       11,687
           Average Annual EBITDA (NPV)                      US$m                               174
           Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                  US$m                             1,011
           After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                US$m                               684
           Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)            %                                 22.8
           After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)          %                                 19.1
           Payback Period (After-Tax)                       Years                              4.3

Project Background

Location

The Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project is part of the Hombre Muerto basin, one of the most globally
prolific salt flats, located in the Argentinean Puna plateau of the high Andes mountains at an elevation
of approximately 4,000 m above sea level (asl). The project is in the geological province of Puna, 90 km
north of the town of Antofagasta de la Sierra, province of Catamarca, Argentina as shown in Figure 1.
The HMW Project is located to the West and South of the Salar del Hombre Muerto.

The HMW Project is in close proximity to other world class lithium projects owned by Galaxy Resources,
Posco and Livent. It is around 1,400 km northwest of the capital of Buenos Aires and 170 km west-southwest
of the city of Salta (in a straight line).

Tenements

The HMW Project originally comprised six exploration permits Rana de Sal (I,II and III), Pata Pila, Catalina
and Deceo III (Figure 2), covering an area of ~9,493 hectares. It also includes the Santa Barbara suite of
concessions. The Company completed the purchase of a 100% interest in the Del Condor and Pucara
lithium brine salar projects that abut Galan’s original HMW tenure in Argentina (ASX:GLN 4 November
2020). The Del Condor and Pucara concessions comprise two claim blocks totalling 1,804 hectares. These
two concessions have not been used for the development of the PEA because at the completion of
engineering design, the acquisition of these tenements was not completed.



                                                                                                         10
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Design work shows the HMW brine wells will be located in the Rana de Sal and Pata Pila areas. The main
objective of these wells is the extraction of brine, rich in lithium, from the Salar which is then pumped to
the first preconcentration solar evaporation ponds.

PEA HMW Resource

The mineral resource estimation was undertaken by SRK Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd (SRK) and was
based upon results from drill holes within the Pata Pila and Rana de Sal tenement holding at Hombre
Muerto West for a total of 1,054 metres (see ASX: GLN 17 November 2020 for a summary of drill data). The
mineral resource estimates undertaken by SRK were determined for lithium and potassium. Lithium is
reported as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) equivalent, and potassium as potassium chloride (KCI). Table 3
below provides a summary of the resource reported in accordance with the JORC Code guidelines.
According to SRK, the Hombre Muerto West Mineral Resource represents geologically well-defined zones
of high-grade lithium mineralisation. It is comprised of significant mineralised hydrogeologic domains. The
units within the domains show some variation in thickness along strike and depth.

The Mineral Resource estimate (see ASX: GLN 17 th November 2020) displayed in Table 3 was used for the
preparation of the PEA of HMW Project. The total mine of life production is 40 years to produce around
800kt LCE. The Study assumes a Li recovery of 58.5%, hence the total initial resource to feed the project is
estimated at 1.37Mt LCE. This presents around 60% of the total resource of HMW. As a result, the Project
has the potential to increase its production while maintaining a long mine life.


                     Table 3: Mineral Resource Statement for Hombre Muerto West (November 2020)



        Resource         Brine Vol.                             Avg. Li        LCE         Avg. K       In situ K      KCI Equiv.
                                            In situ Li (Kt)
        Category           (Mm3)                                (mg/l)         (Kt)                       (Kt)            (Kt)
                                                                                           (mg/l)

                                               Hombre Muerto West: Sand Domain

       Indicated            430                  407             945          2,166         8,720         3,753           7,157

                                              Hombre Muerto West: Gravel Domain

       Indicated            12                    12             947           61           8,804          107             204

                                              Hombre Muerto West: Halite Domain

       Indicated             8                    8              946           40           8,846          70              134

       HMW Total            450                  426             946          2,267         8,725         3,931           7,496


NB.; no cut-off grade for HMW. These results refer to the drainable porosity, the specific yield (SY) values used are as follows:
Sand – 12.5%, Gravel – 6% and Halite – 4%. There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding. The
conversion for LCE = Li x 5.3228, KCl = K x 1.907. The above resource excludes the Catalina and Santa Barbara concessions.


Mining and Process Methodology

Brine Extraction

The brine extraction will be conducted through seven production wells. The raw brine will be pumped
directly to the first pond of the evaporation ponds system. The total average raw brine flow required to
feed the evaporation ponds system is 203 l/s.

Recovery Method

The process defined and designed for the Hombre Muerto West Project is mainly based on conventional
evaporation ponds and a lithium carbonate plant, all defined to produce 20,000 tpa of battery grade
Li2CO3. The process considers obtaining brine from wells located both in the Rana de Sal and Pata Pila
areas, within the properties of the HMW Project. This brine will be pumped to the pre-concentration ponds,
from where the first pond will be fed. Through the action of solar radiation, wind and other environmental
conditions, water will evaporate from the brine, generating a change in the equilibrium point of this liquid,
which will prompt the precipitation of salts and the concentration of lithium present in this brine. The
addition of reagents was designed to facilitate the precipitation of impurities but not the lithium present
in the brine. The overall Li recovery of the process design is 58.5%.

                                                                                                                              11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

For more detailed technical information on the Mining and Process Methodology please refer to the ASX
Announcement dated 21 December 2020 entitled ‘Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results
for 100% Owned Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’




                     Figure 1: HMW Project, Hombre Muerto Salar, Catamarca Argentina




                                                                                                  12
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021




                                   Figure 2: Hombre Muerto Properties Map

Project Layout & Infrastructure

HMW Project has developed a layout allowing the closer location of the totality of the main project areas.
The brine wells field, evaporation ponds system, lithium carbonate plant, water wells, camp, etc. are
located within a radius of around 6km. These facilities are also located next to the Hombre Muerto Salar.
Figure 3 shows HMW Project Layout describing the major infrastructure items.

The project layout prioritised the usage of the Pata Pila and Deceo III tenements because at the time of
the completion of the engineering design of the HMW Project, the acquisition of Del Condor tenement
was not fully completed. The study team of Galan has the opinion that the next study phase should
consider the relocation of several infrastructure items, especially some evaporation pond units, to the Del
Condor’s area mainly due to the favourable topography. This engineering design change may have a
positive impact in decreasing the Project’s capital costs.

The evaporation ponds system has an effective evaporation area of 550 Ha. The system has been
designed to take advantage of the topography to operate the majority of the brine transfer activities
using the gravity. The pond system design in Figure 3 has since been updated following further studies
(refer Figure 6).

                                                                                                        13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021




                                    Figure 3: HMW Project Layout in PEA

Environmental and Social Studies

The HMW Project has an existing permit to run exploration and project studies related activities. Galan is
advancing with the development of activities to have a better definition of the environmental and social
base lines. In addition, the Company is also collecting valuable information for the coming development
of the environmental and social impact assessment study of the HMW Project.


                                                                                                       14
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021


Market and Contracts

The battery grade lithium carbonate price forecast (for the period 2020-2040) utilised to run the economic
evaluation of the HMW Project was taken from the 17th Edition of the Lithium Market developed by Roskill
(*).

Roskill expects contract prices for lithium carbonate and hydroxide to remain near to or above
US$10,000/t on a long-term real (inflation adjusted) basis. After softening in 2019 and 2020, prices on a
nominal basis are projected to rise to around US$13,500-15,000/t (carbonate) and US$14,500-16,500/t
(hydroxide) in 2025 (around US$12,000-15,000/t in real terms, adjusting for inflation).

Strong demand growth for refined lithium products is forecast to be sustained by expanding production,
new market entrants and the draw-down of stockpiled material through to 2026, though a fundamental
supply deficit is expected to form in the late 2020s. Significant further investment in expanding production
capacity at existing operations, in addition to new projects and secondary lithium sources will be
necessary to meet projected demand growth through to 2030.

Figure 4 displays the forecast of the lithium carbonate price.




          Figure 4: Long Term estimate of the Contracted Price of Battery Grade Li2CO3 developed by Roskill


The average lithium carbonate price for the period 2020-2040 is US$11,678/t. This price is estimated on a
real base, excluding the impact of the inflation.

(*) Roskill is an independent, private company that has nearly 50 years’ experience of research and consulting in
metals, minerals and chemical industries, and their end-use industries. The company was founded in 1930 as one of
the UK’s first management consultancies. Today the Group is headquartered in the UK and consists of five companies,
Roskill Holdings, Roskill Information Services, Roskill Consulting Group, Roskill Germany and Roskill China. The company
has additional representation in Africa, Japan, Oceania the Middle East and the Americas.

Capital (CAPEX) Estimate

Scope of the Capital Cost Estimate
The estimation includes direct and indirect project costs, owner costs and contingency. Direct costs
include equipment and materials supplied by Galan, labour, construction equipment, materials supplied
by the construction contractor, indirect costs and construction contractor profits.

Technical Scope
The present study addresses the design at a PEA level for the construction of a battery-grade Lithium
Carbonate Production Plant, which mainly considers brine extraction wells, solar evaporation ponds, brine
treatment plant, purification plant for magnesium, calcium and boron, lithium carbonate plant, drying,
micronizing, packing and storage of lithium carbonate for an annual production of 20,000 tonnes.

The CAPEX developed in this document includes the evaluation of all the equipment involved in the plant
described in the previous paragraph.
                                                                                                                     15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021


The capex estimate should cover the precision range established for a PEA study (profile), as defined by
NI43-101, the main scopes of which are indicated below:

    •   Typical range of precision for PEA studies (profile): ± 30 - 50%. For this study an accuracy of + 30%,
        -15% is considered.
    •   Origin of prices: costs of equipment, materials and third-party subcontracts have been obtained
        from reference data taken from similar projects or from representative database information from
        consultants.
    •   Origin of quantities: they obtained from similar engineering designs carried out for other projects
        and referential estimates/factorisations.
    •   The CAPEX is based on information available on 9 November 2020.

Capex Estimate Results

Table 4 presents a summary of the capital cost estimate (CAPEX) required for the implementation of the
HMW Project in accordance with the scope developed and all the information available in this stage.


                                  Table 4: Capital Cost Estimate of HMW Project



                       Area                                                   US$ M

                       Brine Wells and Brine Transport                            12.7
                       Evaporation Ponds System                               146.8
                       Ponds Reagent Plant                                        4.2
                       Lithium Carbonate Plant                                    55.6
                       Lithium Carbonate Reagent plants                           11.3
                       Utilities                                                  36.9
                       Infrastructure                                             31.8
                       Total Direct Cost                                      299.3
                       Total Indirect Cost                                        38.3
                       Total Capex without contingency                        337.7
                       Contingency (30%)                                      101.3
                       Total Capex                                            438.9



For more information on the CAPEX Estimate please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 21 December
2020 entitled ‘Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for 100% Owned Hombre Muerto West
(HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’

Operating Cost (OPEX) Estimate

The scope for the HMW Project considers the development of the necessary engineering documents that
are necessary for the elaboration of a study at the PEA level, specifically for a Lithium Carbonate Plant,
which will produce 20,000 tpa of battery grade Li2CO3.

For this study, an accuracy of +30%, -15% is considered for OPEX costs.

The battery limits to be considered for the development of the operating cost estimate are:

From    :    Brine feed from Rana de Sal and Pata Pila brine wells.
To      :     Final product of Lithium Carbonate, battery grade CIF to China

Based on all information developed, an OPEX estimation was calculated for the project. Two scenarios
are defined, where a different cost is predicted of salt harvesting, due to the change in the haul distance
to the salt stockpiles. All other items in the OPEX are assumed as remaining constant through the years of
the Project.

The OPEX for both scenarios are presented in Table 5.



                                                                                                           16
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

                                   Table 5: Operating Cost Estimate of HMW Project

                                                         Scenario 1: Stockpiles         Scenario 2: Stockpiles far
                                                             near ponds                       from ponds
                                                        US$ / Tonne      Total         US$ / Tonne        Total
   Operational Expenditure
                                                          Li 2CO3       000 US$          Li 2CO3         000 US$

  DIRECT COSTS

    Chemical Reactives and Reagents                            1,659       33,188              1,659         33,188
    Salt Removal and Transport                                   264        5,277                434          8,671
    Energy                                                       375        7,492                375          7,492
    Manpower                                                     241        4,821                241          4,821
    Transport                                                    181        3,613                181          3,613
    Catering & Camp Services                                     142        2,830                142          2,830
    Maintenance                                                  316        6,323                316          6,323

  DIRECT COSTS SUBTOTAL                                        3,177       63,544              3,347         66,939

  INDIRECT COSTS

    General & Administration - Local                             171        3,416               171           3,416

  INDIRECT COSTS SUBTOTAL                                        171        3,416               171           3,416

  TOTAL PRODUCTION COSTS                                       3,348       66,961              3,518         70,355

Scenario 2 is the most representative operating cost of the project, with OPEX at US$3,518 /t Li2CO3 and
it is the cost for around 37 years of operation after the ramp up is completed. Scenario 1 only lasts for the
first three year operation when the production rate does not reach the full annual capacity.

For more information on the OPEX Estimate please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 21 December
2020 entitled ‘Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for 100% Owned Hombre Muerto West
(HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’

HMW Project Within the Lithium Cost Curve

The lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve was prepared by Roskill based on the information updated
to September 2020. The All-in Production cost includes the cash operating cost plus the sustaining capex
and royalty cost adjusted to a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t.

Figure 5 displays the lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve and the location of the HMW Project within
the industry cost curve.




                Figure 5: Lithium Production Cost Curve (source: Roskill – Lithium Cost Model Service)


Note: 2020 costs have been adjusted to reflect a royalty rate for a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t


                                                                                                                     17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Project Timetable

Galan is planning, in the coming 18 months, to perform additional HMW Project studies that will be
required prior to making any investment decision. These studies may involve a PFS and FS stages. In
parallel, the completion of the EIA study and subsequent application for the exploitation permit will be
conducted.

The commencement of the construction is planned for Q4 of 2022 subject to the approval of the
exploitation permit and successful completion of the financing activities. The construction and
commissioning should take two years to allow the project the start of production early 2025 and achieving
the production ramp up in Q3 2026.

Table 6 shows the most important milestones for the development of HMW Project.
                                      Table 6: HMW Project Development Milestones

                Milestone                                                        Completion
                                                                                 Timeframe
                EIA Approval                                                        Q4 2022

                Start Construction                                                  Q4 2022

                Start Ponds Filling                                                 Q3 2023

                Mechanical Completion                                               Q3 2024

                First Lithium Carbonate (Commissioning complete)                    Q4 2024

                Plant Ramp Up Period                                        Q1 2025 to Q3 2026



Economic Evaluation

The economic evaluation of the HMW Project was conducted following the industry standards for this
project stage. A discount rate of 8% was utilised for present value calculations.

Forecasted lithium carbonate prices for the period 2020-2040, utilised for the economic evaluation, were
provided by Roskill. The lithium carbonate price for the period from 2041 onwards was left constant, at
the 2040 value, as indicated by Galan.

The tax and royalty assumptions were provided by Galan.

No potential potassium credits were included in the economic evaluation.

The key assumptions and results of the economic evaluation are displayed in Tables 7 and 8 respectively.


                            Table 7: Key Assumptions Utilized for the Economic Evaluation



         Assumption                                         Units                                Values

         Lithium Carbonate Production                       Tonnes/year                          20,000
         Project Life Estimate                              Years                                   40
         Discount Rate                                      %                                        8
         Royalty                                            %                                        3
         Corporate Tax                                      %                                       25
         Dividend Payment Withholding Tax                   %                                       10
         Capital Cost (CAPEX)                               US$ m                                  439
         Sustaining Capital                                 US$ m                                  116
         Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)               US$/tonne                             3,518
         Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2020-2040)           US$/tonne                            11,687




                                                                                                          18
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

                                 Table 8: Economic Evaluation Results of HMW Project



          Parameters                                       Units                                 Values (1)

          Average Income                                   US$m                                        258
          Average Provincial Royalty                       US$m                                          6
          Average Operating Expenses                       US$m                                         70
          Average Corporate and Withholding Taxes          U$m                                          55
          Average Annual EBITDA                            US$m                                        174
          Average Annual Operational Free Cash Flow        US$m                                        117
          Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                  US$m                                      1,011
          After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                US$m                                        684
          Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)            %                                          22.8
          After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)          %                                          19.1
          Payback Period (After-Tax) (2)                   Years                                       4.3

          (1): the Average figures for the income, Provincial Royalty, Operating Expenses, Corporate and
          Withholding Taxes, EBITDA and Operational Free Cash Flow has been estimated only considering the
          full production time of the operating period.
          (2)Payback years after the end of the investment period.

For more information on the Sensitivity Analysis please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 21
December 2020 entitled ‘Compelling Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for 100% Owned Hombre
Muerto West (HMW) Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’

HMW Project Update since PEA

Test work results

As announced on 22 March 2021, HMW’s lithium chloride (LiCl) concentrate increased significantly to 6%
Li (32%LCE*). This high-grade result is directly comparable to SQM’s and Albermarle’s LiCl concentrate
produced from the Atacama basin in Chile.

The second round of test work on HMW’s raw brine was conducted in Antofagasta using the first stage of
natural brine evaporation process and finalised using accelerated evaporation in a wind tunnel under
controlled conditions. The test work was fully managed and conducted by lithium experts Ad-Infinitum.
As Galan’s technical advisors, Ad-Infinitum recommended the use of reagents to remove impurities and
to avoid the risk of precipitation of Li salts causing losses of this valuable element.

The results far exceeded Galan’s expectations, with the lithium chloride concentrate increasing by 25%
to 6% Li (vs. 4.8% Li estimation for the Scoping Study/PEA, ASX announcement 21 December 2020). The
HMW project’s Li grade, is one of the highest publicly known brine concentration levels in the world, using
the evaporation process. This result was made possible through the optimisation process developed using
the Ad-Infinitum prediction model. These grades provide Galan with exciting commercial opportunities
for a lithium chlorine concentrate product.

Furthermore, the low levels of impurities contained in the lithium chlorine brine were also significant. The
main contaminants like SO4, Mg and Ca were reduced significantly. Whilst B and other elements like K,
Na and Cl are low they are expected to be removed during the treatment at a downstream process.
Galan’s study team is confident that this brine concentrate quality could be converted into a high-quality
battery grade product while remaining cost competitive.

On 12 July 2021, Galan was also pleased to announce that the proof of concept laboratory test of the
HMW Project’s Lithium Carbonate Equivalent (LCE) achieved 99.88% of purity (minimum requirement of
battery grade quality of >99.5% LCE).

The test procedure and test work activities were developed and supervised by Ad-Infinitum. They initially
optimised the concentration stage, producing a purer product thus reducing reagent consumption and
opex costs. Importantly at the next stage, further reagent cost reductions were identified, as a cleaner
concentrate requires less reagents and volume impurities to be removed for the precipitation of lithium
carbonate. As a result, the battery grade was obtained with no requirement to do undertake an
additional purification step using dissolution with CO2.

                                                                                                              19
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

On the back of the developing test procedures, Ad-Infinitum also identified other opportunities for further
improving results. These opportunities will be adopted in the future test work activities at both laboratory
and pilot plant levels with the possibility to further improve the quality of the battery grade lithium
carbonate product.

This proof of concept milestone adds more flexibility to the adoption of a preferable processing design
for the HMW Project. The study team is working on different alternatives to optimise the combined
outcome for the pond design and lithium carbonate plant design.

Feasibility Update

As announced on 17 May 2021, the Company commenced initial feasibility foundation works for the HMW
Project.

The Company appointed WSP Consulting Chile (WSP) and SRK Consulting (Australia) Pty Ltd (SRK) in
respect of transforming the huge HMW resource into reserves, the main foundation for its feasibility study.

WSP will provide support and design work, including production wells, for different aspects related to the
hydrogeology of the HMW tenements located in the Hombre Muerto Salar Basin. WSP’s team includes
two former SQM employees who have a long history working with lithium brines.

SRK, in association with WSP, will review the current resource estimate and then undertake reserve
conversion work for the HMW project.

The following early works have commenced:

    •   Aerial survey to supply the topography data required at feasibility study level quality;
    •   Design of the mass balance for the brine concentrate with 6% of Li plus design of the pilot plant;
    •   Process design and mass balance of lithium plant for 6% of Li but also considering a lower Li
        content for selecting the optimum lithium plant design; and

Preparation works for the feasibility studies have progressed with Ad-Infinitum for creating the design of
the pilot plant and a specialised topography and ponds designing consultant for the preparation of a
revised design of the evaporation ponds system, which includes the most favourable terrain at Rana de
Sal and Del Condor mining tenements.

On 19 August 2021, Galan announced that, following the recent receipt of the next round of drilling
permits from the Secretaria de Estado de Minería - Gobierno de Catamarca (the authority that approves
drilling permits in Catamarca, Argentina), it would commence its next drilling programme over the HMW
Project. The first bore drill hole was completed at Pata Pila revealing further brine potential (as announced
on 29 September 2021).

Key Tenement Acquisition

Galan has executed a binding option agreement with a private Argentinian individual for the purchase
of a right to earn a 100% interest in the Casa Del Inca III lithium brine tenement (announced 15 July 2021).
The acquisition increases and consolidates Galan’s project footprint in the South American Lithium
Triangle in Catamarca, Argentina.

Casa del Inca III is located within the world-class, Salar del Hombre Muerto, where Livent Corporation
(NYSE:LTHM) is currently producing lithium carbonate and Galaxy Resources Limited (ASX:GXY) is
developing its Sal de Vida project. More importantly, it sits alongside Galan’s Pata Pila interest, which
shares the same geology setting forming part of the suite of tenements that comprise the HMW project.

Galan has agreed to initially acquire 300ha for a total of US$150,000 with the initial deposit of US$80,000
being paid.

Figure 6 shows the Casa del Inca III location where it abuts the east side of the Pata Pila tenement and
highlights the initial 300ha to be purchased under the Agreement plus the total 900ha, if required. Figure
6 also shows the revised pond system design as the PEA did not include the November 2020 purchase of
the Del Condor concession which offered potential to extend and add ponds to the north. Further
extension options will be available after the recent execution of the option to purchase the Casa del Inca
tenement. To the west, Rana de Sal II and III also have excess ground to add more ponds if necessary.


                                                                                                          20
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021




 Figure 6: Location of Casa del Inca III concession (300ha in blue; 900ha dotted) and GLN’s other HMW concessions
                              (in red). Revised pond system design is also highlighted.




                                                                                                               21
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Candelas

The main focus for the past financial year has been the HMW Project and therefore minimal work was
undertaken on the Candelas project. However, as announced on 20 July 2021, the brine concentrate
modelling undertaken by Ad-Infinitum showed results up to 6%Li. The Company now plans to commence
a scoping study at Candelas (see figure 3) building from the data accumulated from HMW’s detailed
studies and PEA (released 21 December 2020).

The scoping study will be performed by Galan’s in-house engineering team whilst Ad-Infinitum in Chile will
oversee the chemical processing and other relevant study sections. The study is expected to be finalised
during Q4 2021.

Greenbushes South

In January 2021, Galan entered into a sale and joint venture with Lithium Australia NL (ASX:LIT) for an 80%
for the Greenbushes South Lithium project (‘Greenbushes South Project’), which is located 200 km south
of Perth, the capital of Western Australia. With an area of 353 km2, the Project was originally acquired by
Lithium Australia NL due to its proximity to the Greenbushes Lithium Mine (‘Greenbushes’), given that the
Project covers the southern strike projection of the geological structure that hosts Greenbushes. The
project area commences only about 3km south of the current Greenbushes open pit mining operations.

For more information on the Greenbushes South Project acquisition please refer to the ASX Announcement
dated 14 January 2021 entitled ‘Galan to Acquire an 80% Interest in Greenbushes South Lithium Project,
Western Australia and increase its tenure in a world class lithium district.’

During the Q2 2021, Galan completed its initial exploration sampling and mapping work at the
Greenbushes South Project.

A major goal of the field mapping was to identify and map the surface expression of the Donnybrook-
Bridgetown Shear Zone (DBSZ) that hosts the Greenbushes deposit. The DBSZ is a steeply dipping, N-S
trending, shear zone associated which is primarily associated with syntectonic emplacement of the
lithium bearing pegmatites of the Greenbushes mine to the north. This major geologic feature is
recognised in geophysical data and the recent mapping helped identify its surface expression through
the Greenbushes South project.

25 soil samples and 15 rock chip samples were taken perpendicular to strike of the DBSZ. Assays of soil and
rock chip samples taken from near the DBSZ surface expression have arsenic (As) concentrations up to
574 ppm, up to 16 ppm antimony (Sb) and up to 12 ppm of tin (Sn). Additional samples taken from
previously mapped pegmatite outcrops have concentrations of up to 27 ppm of tin (Sn).

This data, combined with the historical data, indicate that the DBSZ and its associated geochemical
footprint continues along strike from the Greenbushes Deposit into the project area. These initial samples
serve as a positive sign for future targeted soil and geophysical surveys along the DBSZ to help identify
potential blind pegmatite bodies. Plans for further soil and rock chip sampling have been finalised but
there have been field work delays due to the unusually high rainfall in the region.

In May 2021, two additional licences (E70/4777 and E70/5680) were granted.

In early July 2021, the Company had fruitful meetings with the Department of Biodiversity, Conservation
and Attractions (DBCA) in respect of formulating its Conservative Management Plan for the project.

Lithium classification and conversion factors

Lithium grades are normally presented in mass percentages or milligrams per litre (or parts per million
(ppm)). Grades of deposits are also expressed as lithium compounds in percentages, for example as a
per cent. lithium oxide (Li2O) content or per cent. lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) content.
Lithium carbonate equivalent (“LCE”) is the industry standard terminology for, and is equivalent
to, Li2CO3. Use of LCE is to provide data comparable with industry reports and is the total
equivalent amount of lithium carbonate, assuming the lithium content in the deposit is converted to
lithium carbonate, using the conversion rates in the table included further below to get an equivalent
Li2CO3 value in per cent. Use of LCE assumes 100% recovery and no process losses in the extraction of
Li2CO3 from the deposit.




                                                                                                        22
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Conversion Factors for Lithium Compounds and Minerals:

Convert from                                Convert to Li         Convert to Li2O        Convert to Li2CO3
Lithium                      Li                 1.000                   2.153                  5.323
Lithium Oxide                Li2O               0.464                   1.000                  2.473
Lithium Carbonate            Li2CO3             0.188                   0.404                  1.000

CORPORATE

Covid-19

Galan remains committed to delivering on our goals whilst maintaining the highest possible safety and
health standards for our employees, contractors and consultants by adhering to all the recommended
practices mandated by the authorities in Australia, Argentina and Chile.

Equity

Shares

On 20 July 2020, 5,000, 000 Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).

On 27 August 2020, a total of 842,674 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to Portofino Resources Inc
(650,000) and a consultant (192,674) as per the terms and conditions of their respective agreements.
Portofino Resources Inc were also paid on 26 August 2020 the remaining outstanding funds of $CDN50,000
due under the HMW Agreement.

On 20 October 2020, a total of 23,076,924 fully paid ordinary shares were issued, at an issue price of $0.13,
under a placement led by Argonaut Securities Ltd. Argonaut Securities Ltd were also issued 2,000,000
unquoted options exercisable at $0.20 on or before 31 October 2023 as part of their fee.

On 4 November 2020 a total of 650,000 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to a vendor in respect of
the final acquisition costs of the Del Condor and Pucara concessions.

On 8 January 2021, the following equity was issued:

    •     420,000 fully paid ordinary shares to the Candelas vendor under the terms of the agreement;
    •     256,226 fully paid ordinary shares to a consultant for services provided; and
    •     793,572 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.25 options

On 22 January 2021, the Company issued the following:

    •     1,221,000 fully paid ordinary shares to Lithium Australia NL for an 80% interest in the Greenbushes
          South Lithium project;
    •     912,143 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.25 options;
    •     500,000 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.3438 options; and
    •     5,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares to Acuity Capital under a Controlled Placement Deed

On 27 January 2021, the Company announced that it had successfully received firm commitments for an
over-subscribed placement for 20 million shares at an issue price of $0.50 per share to raise $10 million
(before costs). A total of 20,200,000 fully paid ordinary shares were issued under the placement on 29
January 2021 (9,240,000 shares), 1 February 2021 (8,960,000 shares) and 11 February 2021 (2,000,000
shares).

On 29 January 2021, the Company issued the following:

    •     200,000 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.25 options; and
    •     2,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.20

On 11 February, 19 February and 9 March 2021, 300,000, 357,143 and 180,000 fully paid ordinary shares
were respectively issued upon the conversion of $0.25 options.


                                                                                                          23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

On 23 April 2021, the Company issued the following:

     •    96,500 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.25 options;
     •    150,000 fully paid ordinary shares on the conversion of $0.20 options; and
     •    64,605 fully paid ordinary shares to a consultant for services provided

On 7 May, 21 May and 28 May 2021, 321,429, 25,000 and 178,571 fully paid ordinary shares were
respectively issued upon the conversion of $0.25 options.

On 21 May, 28 May, 2 June and 11 June 2021, 500,000, 550,000, 2,000,000 and 450,000 fully paid ordinary
shares were respectively issued upon the conversion of $0.3438 options.

On11 June 2021, the Company issued 30,625 fully paid ordinary shares to a consultant for services
provided.

On 29 June 2021, 37,500 fully paid ordinary shares were issued upon the conversion of $0.21 options.

Options

On 9 October 2020, after approval from shareholders on 11 September 2020, the Company issued a total
of 10,150,000 unquoted options exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023, to Directors and
consultants.

On 5 February 2021, 500,000 unquoted options (exercisable at $0.65 on or before 4 February 2024) were
issued to a consultant.

On 7 May 2021, 150,000 unquoted options (exercisable at $0.90 on or before 7 May 2024) were issued to
a consultant.

MSCI Global Index

On 19 May 2021, it was announced that Galan had been added to the MSCI (Morgan Stanley Capital
International) Australia Micro-Cap Index. The advantages for Galan on the admission to the MSCI index
are increased exposure to global institutions, broader exposure to worldwide investment markets,
increased liquidity and further access to capital sources.

Restatement of Financial Statements

In late February 2021, the Group became aware of a material hyperinflation accounting change to the
audited financial statements of its wholly owned Argentinian subsidiary, Galan Exploraciones S.A. These
changes have impacted the opening position of its financial statements. Please refer to note 24 in the
Condensed Notes to the Financial Statements for more detailed information.

Financial

The loss after tax for the year was $907,891 (2020: $2,255,795). The Company’s net assets were $38,349,211
at the end of the year compared to $20,765,459 in 2020.

Cash and cash equivalents as at year end were $15,570,917 (2020: $1,647,483).

Exploration expenditure, including acquisitions, for the year was $2,003,062 (2020: $3,185,119) (excluding
share valuations capitalised). All of this expenditure was on the Company’s various lithium brine projects
in the Hombre Muerto salar in Argentina and the Greenbushes South lithium project in Australia. There was
no exploration expenditure written off for the year (2020: $ Nil).

Administration expenses and employee benefits for the year totalled $1,561,626 (2020: $1,535,455).

7.        SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS

There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial
year.




                                                                                                       24
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

8.       AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS

On 15 July 2021, Galan announced that it had executed a binding Option Agreement with a private
Argentinian individual for the purchase of the right to earn a 100% interest in the Casa Del Inca III lithium
brine tenement. The acquisition increases and consolidates the Hombre Muerto West project footprint in
the South American Lithium Triangle in Catamarca, Argentina.

Galan agreed to initially acquire 300ha for a total of US$150,000 with the initial deposit of US$80,000 being
paid on 12 July 2021.

The initiation of a scoping study on Galan’s Candelas project was announced on 20 July 2021. The
scoping study will be performed by Galan’s in-house engineering team whilst Ad-infinitum in Chile will
oversee the chemical processing and other relevant study sections. The study is expected to be
completed during Q4 2021.

On 13 August 2021, the Company announced the completion of a $50 million institutional placement to
accelerate the development of its strategic lithium projects. Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited
acted as the lead manager and book runner for the two-tranche placement which was conducted at
an issue price of $1.15 per share.

Under tranche one of the placement, the Company received gross proceeds of $29.8m and issued a
total of 24,326,574 shares (on 20 August 2021) under its existing placement capacity under ASX Listing
Rules 7.1 and 7.1A.

As a result of the significant demand received in the placement, Galan will also be seeking to issue a
further 17.6 million new fully paid ordinary shares, at an issue price of $1.15 in a second tranche (for gross
proceeds of $20.2 million). Completion of the tranche two placement is subject to Galan Shareholder
approval, to be sought at a General Meeting of shareholders on 12 October 2021. The Company
acknowledges the strong support from two institutional investors with a track record of successful
investment in the natural resources sector, who will be the sole allottees in the second tranche.

Since the end of the financial year the following equity has been issued:

     •   On 9 July 2021, 228,572 $0.25 options and 25,000 $0.21 options were exercised and converted
         into fully paid ordinary shares
     •   On 16 July 2021, 400,000 $0.25 options were exercised and converted into fully paid ordinary
         shares
     •   On 20 August 2021, 25,872,594 fully paid ordinary shares were issued under tranche one of a
         placement
     •   On 20 August 2021, 72,000 $0.25 options were exercised and converted into fully paid ordinary
         shares

Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

9.       FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS, PROSPECTS AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES

The Directors continue the Group’s strategy for the advancement of Shareholders’ interests and asset
values through well-defined work programmes on the Group’s tenements and to implement a growth
strategy to seek out further exploration, acquisition and joint venture opportunities.

Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Group and expected results of
those operations in future financial years has not been included in this report because disclosure of the
information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.




                                                                                                           25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

10.     ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES

The Group has a policy of complying with or exceeding its environmental performance obligations. The
Board believes that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental
requirements. The Group strives to ensure the appropriate standard of environmental care is achieved,
and in doing so, that it is aware of and is in compliance with all environmental legislation. The Directors
are not aware of any breach of environmental legislation for the financial year under review.

11.     REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited)

The remuneration report is set out under the following main headings:

A       Remuneration Philosophy
B       Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements
C       Remuneration and Performance
D       Equity-based compensation
E       Voting and comments at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting
F       Related party information
G       Details of Remuneration
H       Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of
the Corporations Act 2001. The remuneration arrangements detailed in this report are for the key
management personnel comprising the Non-Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Non-Executive
Directors.

A       Remuneration Philosophy

Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
activities of the Company. The performance of the Company depends upon the quality of its key
management personnel. To prosper the Company must attract, motivate and retain appropriately skilled
directors and executives.

The Company’s broad remuneration policy is to ensure the remuneration package properly reflects the
person’s duties and responsibilities and that remuneration is competitive in attracting, retaining and
motivating people of the highest quality.

B       Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements

The Company has in place non-executive letters of engagement for all Non-Executive Directors. The
Directors hold office until the next annual general meeting at which point one third of the directors retire
by rotation and will be eligible for election as a Director at that meeting in accordance with the
Company’s Constitution.

The Directors’ appointments will automatically cease in the event that he or she give notice to the Board
of their resignation as a Director or if he or she retires by rotation and is not re-elected as a Director by the
Shareholders of the Company. Moreover his or her appointment will be terminated immediately if, for any
reason, he or she becomes disqualifies or prohibited by law from being or acting as a Director or from
being involved in the management of a Company.

The annual director’s fees for Mr Gardiner were increased to $50,000 per annum (plus statutory
superannuation) from 1 July 2020 (previously $36,000 per annum).

The annual director’s fees for Mr Jimenez were increased to $US72,000 per annum from 1 April
2021(previously $US36,000 per annum).

From 1 July 2020, the annual fees for the other Non-Executive Directors were revised to $36,000 per annum
(plus statutory superannuation) with the fees for the Non-Executive Chairman being revised to $60,000
(plus statutory superannuation).

Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is based on fees approved by the Board of Directors (from within
the remuneration pool approved by Shareholders from time to time at a general meeting) and is set at
levels to reflect market conditions and encourage the continued services of the Directors. The current
shareholder approved remuneration pool is $300,000 per annum.

                                                                                                              26
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

11.     REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

The Company does not offer any variable remuneration incentive plans or bonus schemes to Non-
Executive Directors.

The Company is an exploration and development entity and therefore speculative in terms of
performance. Consistent with attracting and retaining talented executives, directors and senior
management personnel are paid market rates associated with individuals in similar positions within the
same industry.

During the financial year, the Company produced a very positive PEA, completed a $20m placement
and broke through the $100m market cap barrier. These benchmark achievements signalled two Board
reviews of the Managing Director’s annual remuneration levels. From 1 July 2020, the annual remuneration
was increased to $220,000 per annum (plus statutory superannuation). A further increase to the current
rate of $280,000 per annum (plus statutory superannuation) was approved by the Board from 1 April 2021.

C       Remuneration and Performance
During the reporting period, Director remuneration was not linked to either long term or short- term
performance conditions. The Board feels that the terms and conditions of options and shares held by
Directors are a sufficient, long-term incentive to align the goals of the Directors with those of the
shareholders to maximise shareholder wealth.

D       Equity Based Compensation

Unquoted options are issued to directors, employees and consultants. The unquoted options may be
subject to performance criteria, and are issued to directors, employees and consultants to increase goal
congruence between executives, directors and shareholders. Unquoted options carry no dividend or
voting rights.

                               Fair Value
                                 at Grant                     Life of               Share Price    Risk Free
                Number of       Date per    Estimated        Option      Exercise      at Grant     Interest
Allottee          Options          Option    Volatility      (years)        Price         Date          Rate


Directors         7,000,000      $0.0817         109%           3.00        $0.21         $0.14        0.20%

The above options issued to the Directors, were approved by shareholders at the general meeting held
on 11 September 2020.

E       Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting

The adoption of the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 was put to the
shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held 27 November 2020. The Company
received 97% of the vote (from valid proxies), of those shareholders who exercised their right to vote, in
favour of the remuneration report for the 2020 financial year. The resolution was passed without
amendment via a poll, with a 97% FOR vote. The Company did not receive any specific feedback at the
AGM or throughout the year on its remuneration practices.

F       Related Party Information

Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $380,208 (2020: $77,400) in capital raising fees for the 2021 financial
year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

The Company received $79,620 (2020: $Nil) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

The Company paid a total of $96,500 (2020: $122,853) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.



                                                                                                          27
  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
  Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

  11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

  G         Details of Remuneration

  The key management personnel of the Company are the Managing Director, Non-Executive Chairman
  and Non-Executive Directors. Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the
  Company are set out below:

                      Short-term Benefits                 Post-   Other     Equity Based          Total       Performance
                                                        Employ- Long-term      Payment                          Related
                                                          ment   Benefits
                                                        Benefits
           Salary      Cash     Non-cash      Other      Super-   Other   Equity    Options
                       profit    benefit               annuation
                       Share
              $          $           $             $      $         $         $         $           $             %
Mr Richard Homsany – Non-Executive Chairman (i)
  2021     60,000         -          -             -     5,700      -         -       81,655      147,355        55.4%
  2020     25,000         -          -             -       -        -         -         -          25,000          -
Mr Nathan McMahon – Non-Executive Chairman (ii)
  2021        -           -          -             -       -        -         -         -                 -        -
  2020     21,000         -          -             -       -        -         -         -          21,000          -
Mr Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega – Managing Director
  2021     269,413        -          -             -    22,325      -         -      122,482      414,220        29.6%
  2020     164,384        -          -             -    15,616      -     785,848       -         965,848        81.4%
Mr Terry Gardiner – Non Executive Director
  2021     50,000         -          -             -     4,750      -         -      122,482      177,232        69.1%
  2020     36,000         -          -             -       -        -         -         -          36,000          -
Mr Chris Chalwell – Non Executive Director (iii)
  2021     36,000         -          -             -     3,420      -         -       81,655      121,075        67.4%
  2020     36,000         -          -             -       -        -         -         -          36,000          -
Mr Raymond Liu – Non Executive Director (iv)
  2021     36,000         -          -             -     3,420      -         -       81,655      121,075        67.4%
  2020     36,000         -          -             -       -        -         -         -          36,000          -
Mr Daniel Jimenez – Non Executive Director (Appointed 4 September 2019) (v)
  2021     59,955         -          -             -       -        -         -       81,655      141,610        57.7%
  2020    40,024          -          -             -       -        -         -      109,260      149,284        73.2%
Total Remuneration

  2021     511,368        -          -             -    39,615      -         -      571,584    1,122,567        50.9%
  2020     358,408        -          -             -    15,616      -     785,848    109,260    1,269,132        70.5%



  (i)         Pro-rata Director fees of $25,000 (2020 financial year) were due and payable to Mr Homsany (appointed as
              Non-Executive Chairman on 5 February 2020). Director fees of $60,000 plus superannuation of $5,700 (2021
              financial year) were also due and payable to Mr Homsany. These amounts were unpaid at 30 June 2021.
  (ii)        Pro-rata Director fees of $21,000 for 2020 were paid to Kingsreef Pty Ltd, a company controlled by Mr
              McMahon. Mr McMahon resigned as Non-Executive Chairman on 5 February 2020.
  (iii)       Director fees of $36,000 and superannuation of $3,420 were due and payable to Westdev Pty Ltd, a
              company controlled by Mr Chalwell.
  (iv)        Outstanding Director fees of $6,000 (2020 financial year) and $36,000 plus statutory superannuation of
              $3,420(2021 financial year) were due and payable to Mr Liu. These amounts were unpaid at 30 June 2021.
  (v)         Director fees of $59,955 ($US45,000) (2020 - $40,024 ($US29,700)) were paid to Mr Jimenez (appointed as a
              Non-Executive Director on 4 September 2019).




                                                                                                                       28
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

11.      REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

H        Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Share holdings

30 June 2021
                                  Balance Purchased (vii)            Options              Sold          Balance
Name                           1 July 2020                         Exercised            /Other     30 June 2021
Nathan McMahon (i)                       -                 -                 -                -               -
Richard Homsany (i)               933,259                  -                 -                -         933,259
JP Vargas de la Vega           12,289,932                  -                 -       5,000,000       17,289,932
Chris Chalwell                  3,444,735          357,143                   -     (1,500,000)        2,301,878
Terry Gardiner                  6,041,457          357,143                   -                -       6,398,600
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu            17,955,870           98,562                   -                -      18,054,432
Daniel Jimenez (ii)                      -         324,442                   -                -         324,442
Total                          40,665,253        1,137,290                   -       3,500,000       45,302,543
30 June 2020
                                  Balance      Purchased              Options                           Balance
Name                           1 July 2019                          Exercised            Other     30 June 2020
Nathan McMahon (i)              6,269,167                   -         750,000       (7,019,167)               -
Richard Homsany (i)                      -                  -                 -        933,259          933,259
JP Vargas de la Vega            7,127,274            45,000                   -   5,117,658 (vi)     12,289,932
Chris Chalwell                  2,511,402          183,333            750,000                  -      3,444,735
Terry Gardiner                  5,195,902            95,555           750,000                  -      6,041,457
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu            13,367,640                   -                 -   4,588,230 (vi)     17,955,870
Daniel Jimenez (ii)                      -                  -                 -                -              -

Total                          34,471,385          323,888          2,250,000        3,619,980       40,665,253


Option holdings

30 June 2021
                                  Balance    Issued/Other                                               Balance
Name                           1 July 2020        (vii)(viii)   Exercised (iii)         Lapsed     30 June 2021
Nathan McMahon (i)                       -                  -                 -                -              -
Richard Homsany (i)                55,554        1,000,000                    -        (55,554)       1,000,000
JP Vargas de la Vega                     -       1,500,000                    -                -      1,500,000
Chris Chalwell                     41,666        1,357,143                    -        (41,666)       1,357,143
Terry Gardiner                     27,777        1,857,143                    -        (27,777)       1,857,143
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                      -       1,071,428                    -                -      1,071,428
Daniel Jimenez (ii)             2,000,000        1,324,442                    -                -      3,324,442

Total                           2,124,997        8,110,156                    -       (124,997)      10,110,156

30 June 2020
                                  Balance    Issued/Other                                               Balance
Name                           1 July 2019                      Exercised (iii)         Lapsed     30 June 2020
Nathan McMahon (i)                750,000                   -        (750,000)                 -                  -
Richard Homsany (i)                      -           55,554                   -                -         55,554
JP Vargas de la Vega            5,117,659      (1,428,571)                    -     (3,689,088)                   -
Chris Chalwell                    750,000            41,666          (750,000)                 -         41,666
Terry Gardiner                    750,000            27,777          (750,000)                 -         27,777
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu             6,588,230                   -                 -     (6,588,230)                   -
Daniel Jimenez (ii)                      -   2,000,000 (v)                    -                -       2,000,000
Total                          13,955,889          696,426         (2,250,000)     (10,277,318)        2,124,997




                                                                                                             29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

(i)      Mr Nathan McMahon resigned on 5 February 2020. Mr Richard Homsany was appointed on the same date.
(ii)     Mr Jimenez was appointed on 4 September 2019.
(iii)    Exercisable at $0.15 on or before 29 November 2019 (approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 24
         November 2017).
(iv)     Exercisable at $0.14 on or before 31 December 2019 (approved by shareholders at a general meeting held on
         4 May 2018) issued as part of the Blue Sky acquisition.
(v)      Exercisable at $0.25 on or before 1 December 2021 (approved by shareholders at a general meeting held on
         29 November 2019).
(vi)     A total of 15,000,000 were Issued to Blue Sky vendors on the attainment of 80Kt resource at Hombre Muerto. Mr
         Vargas de la Vega and Mr Liu were original Blue Sky vendors (approved by shareholders at the AGM held on
         29 November 2019).
(vii)    Purchased under a placement announced 3 April 2020. Placement shares were issued at $0.14 plus one free
         attaching option (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 31 March 2022) on a one for one basis (approved by
         shareholders at a general meeting held on 11 September 2020). Allocation as follows: Mr Chalwell 357,143, Mr
         Gardiner 357,143, Mr Liu 71,428 and Mr Jimenez 324,442.
(viii)   Exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023 (approved by shareholders at a general meeting held on 11
         September 2020). Allocation as follows: Mr Homsany 1,000,000, Mr Vargas de la Vega 1,500,000, Mr Chalwell
         1,000,000, Mr Gardiner 1,500,000, Mr Liu 1,000,000 and Mr Jimenez 1,000,000.

Performance Share holdings

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 22 July 2020, 5 million Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).

End of Remuneration Report

12.       OPTIONS

Options forfeited or cancelled

During, or since the end of the financial year, no options were forfeited or cancelled.

Options Expired or Lapsed

During, or since the end of the financial year, 5,555,469 options (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 31
August 2020) and 5,350,000 options (exercisable at $0.60 on or before 31 August 2020) expired.

Options on Issue

At the date of this report the Company had the following options on issue:

           Expiry Date                 Exercise Price         Unquoted Options

           01/12/2021                      $0.25                    2,000,000
           31/03/2022                      $0.25                    8,792,299
           08/10/2023                      $0.21                   10,037,500
           04/02/2024                      $0.60                     500,000
           07/05/2024                      $0.90                     150,000

13.       PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
party, for the purposes of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those
proceedings.

                                                                                                                   30
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

14.      INDEMNIFYING OFFICERS & AUDITORS

In accordance with the constitution, except as may be prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 every
Officer, or agent of the Company shall be indemnified out of the property of the Company against any
liability incurred by him in his capacity as Officer or agent of the Company or any related corporation in
respect of any act or omission whatsoever and howsoever occurring or in defending any proceedings,
whether civil or criminal. No indemnification has been paid with respect to the Company’s auditor. The
Company has insurance policies in place for Directors and Officers insurance.

15.      NON-AUDIT SERVICES

The auditors have not provided any non-audit services to the Company in the financial year ended 30
June 2021.

16.      AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

The auditor’s independence declaration under Section 307C in relation to auditor’s independence for
the Year ended 30 June 2021 has been received and can be found on page 32.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.




J P Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director
Perth, Western Australia
Date: 30 September 2021


Competent Persons Statements

Competent Persons Statement 1
The information contained herein that relates to exploration results and geology is based on information compiled or
reviewed by Dr Luke Milan, who has consulted to the Company. Dr Milan is a Member of the Australasian Institute of
Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposit
under consideration and to the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent Persons as defined in
the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’.
Dr Milan consents to the inclusion of his name in the matters based on the information in the form and context in which
it appears.

Competent Persons Statement 2
The information relating to the Exploration Results and integrity of the database was compiled by Mr Francisco Lopez
(Geology). Mr Lopez is a full-time employee of Galan Lithium Limited and has been engaged by Galan as their
Geology Manager. The integrity of the database and site inspection was done by Dr Michael Cunningham, GradDip,
(Geostatistics) BSc honours (Geoscience), PhD, MAusIMM, MAIG, MGSA, FGSL. Dr Cunningham is an Associate Principal
Consultant of SRK Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd.

Competent Persons Statement 3
The information in this report that relates to the Mineral Resources estimation approach at Candelas and Hombre
Muerto West was compiled by Dr Cunningham. He has sufficient experience relevant to the assessment and of this
style of mineralisation to qualify as a Competent Person as defined by the “Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)”. Dr Cunningham consents to the
inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Competent Persons Statement 4
The information contained herein that relates to the progress of the laboratory test work and study development
related activities have been directed by Mr. Marcelo Bravo. Mr. Bravo is Chemical Engineer and managing partner of
Ad-Infinitum Spa. with over 25 years of working experience and he is a Member of the Chilean Mining Commission and
has sufficient experience which is relevant to the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent Persons
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves’. Mr. Bravo consents to the inclusion of his name in the matters based on the information in the form and
context in which it appears.

The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information
included in the original market announcements, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters have not
materially changed. The Company also confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings
are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.



                                                                                                                      31
To the Board of Directors



Auditor’s Independence Declaration under Section 307C of the Corporations Act
2001


As lead audit Partner for the audit of the financial statements Galan Lithium Limited for the financial
year ended 30 June 2021, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no
contraventions of:


    •   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
        and


    •   any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


Yours Faithfully




HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                      MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                    Partner



Dated this 30th day of September 2021
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021


                                                                                           Restated *
                                                                                30 June      30 June
                                                                                   2021          2020
                                                                                       $            $
                                                                    Note



Continuing Operations

Interest revenue                                                      3            3,239        1,174

Gain on hyperinflation                                                8        1,978,431      361,451

Other Income                                                          3          152,708       29,421

Total                                                                          2,134,378      392,046



Administration expenses                                                        (887,096)    (936,122)

Compliance & regulatory expense                                                (275,349)    (196,314)

Employment expense                                                             (674,530)    (599,333)

Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets                                        86,998       (2,679)

Depreciation                                                                     (2,070)       (2,871)

Share based payments                                                 14      (1,290,222)    (910,522)

Loss before income tax expenses                                                (907,891)   (2,255,795)

Income tax expenses                                                   4                -             -

Loss for the year from continuing operations                                   (907,891)   (2,255,795)

Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                         (641,006)    (417,718)

Other comprehensive income                                                             -             -

Total comprehensive income and net loss for the Year
attributable to the owners of the Company                                    (1,548,897)   (2,673,513)



Basic weighted average loss per share (cents per share)              13           (0.43)        (1.49)

Diluted weighted average loss per share (cents per share)            13           (0.43)        (1.49)




                                  * Refer to note 24 for details on restatement
                         The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                                                                    33
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2021
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

                                                                Note                       Restated *
                                                                                30 June      30 June
                                                                                   2021         2020
                                                                                      $             $


  Current Assets

  Cash and cash equivalents                                       5           15,570,917    1,647,483

  Prepayments                                                                      6,177        1,220

  Trade and other receivables                                     6              21,490        15,341

  Total Current Assets                                                        15,598,584    1,664,044



  Non-Current Assets

  Financial Assets                                                7                4,430       22,632

  Plant & Equipment                                                              91,933         7,609

  Exploration and evaluation                                      8           23,408,544   19,551,263

  Total Non-Current Assets                                                    23,504,907   19,581,504



  Total Assets                                                                39,103,491   21,245,548



  Current Liabilities

  Trade and other payables                                        9             420,342       256,841

  Provisions                                                                    333,938       223,248

  Total Current Liabilities                                                     754,280       480,089



  Total Liabilities                                                             754,280       480,089


                                                                             38,349,211    20,765,459
  Net Assets


  Equity

  Issued capital                                                  10          44,384,368   24,801,369

  Reserves                                                        11            727,573     3,160,402

  Accumulated losses                                              12         (6,762,730)   (7,196,312)



  Total Equity                                                               38,349,211    20,765,459




                                 * Refer to note 24 for details on restatement
                      The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                   34
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
  IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021
  Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021


                                                                               Restated *    Restated *
                                                   Issued      Restated *   Accumulated           Total
                                        Note      Capital       Reserves           Losses        Equity
                                                        $               $               $             $

Balance at 1 July 2019                         16,940,982       6,844,900      (7,332,011)   16,453,871
Net loss for the year                                   -               -      (2,255,795)   (2,255,795)
Other comprehensive income for
the year net of tax                                     -       (417,718)                -     (417,718)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                   -       (417,718)      (2,255,795)   (2,673,513)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity:
Issue of equity                                 4,105,083               -                -    4,105,083
Equity to be issued                               331,096               -                -      331,096
Equity issued previous year                             -               -                -            -
Performance shares issued                       2,775,000     (2,775,000)                -            -
Options exercised                                 548,750               -                -      548,750
Vendor shares                                           -          57,050                -       57,050
Share issue costs                                (77,400)               -                -     (77,400)
Option valuation                                        -         124,624                -      124,624
Fair value exercised options                      177,858       (177,858)                -            -
Expiry of options                                       -     (2,391,494)        2,391,494            -
Option Reserve                                          -       1,895,898                -    1,895,898
Balance at 30 June 2020                        24,801,369       3,160,402      (7,196,312)   20,765,459
Net loss for the year                                   -               -        (907,891)    (907,891)
Other comprehensive income for the
year net of tax                                         -       (641,006)                      (641,006)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                   -       (641,006)       (907,891)    (1,548,897)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity:
Issue of Equity                                15,334,096               -                -   15,334,096
Equity to be issued                                90,677               -                -       90,677
Equity issued previous year                     (331,096)               -                -    (331,096)
Performance shares issued                       1,075,000     (1,075,000)                -            -
Options exercised                               2,654,165                                -    2,654,165
Vendor shares                                     717,420        (57,050)                -      660,370
Share issue costs                               (565,783)               -                -    (565,783)
Option valuation                                        -       1,224,404                -    1,224,404
Fair value exercised options                      608,520       (608,520)                -            -
Expiry of options                                       -     (1,341,473)        1,341,473            -
Option Reserve                                          -          65,816                -       65,816
Balance at 30 June 2021                        44,384,368         727,573      (6,762,730)   38,349,211




                                *Refer to note 24 for details on restatement
                     The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                    35
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2021
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021


                                                                         30 June       30 June
                                                           Note             2021          2020
                                                                               $             $

    Cash flows from operating activities
    Interest received                                                       3,239         1,174
    Other income                                                           79,620        29,421
    Cash paid to suppliers and employees                              (1,573,889)   (1,695,262)
    Net cash used in operating activities                   15        (1,491,030)   (1,664,667)

    Cash flows from investing activities
    Payments for Property, Plant & Equipment                             (81,486)       (3,579)
    Payments for exploration expenditure                              (2,129,028)   (4,171,290)
    Payment for investments                                              (30,000)       (4,000)
    Net cash from / (used in) investing activities                    (2,240,514)   (4,178,869)

    Cash flows from financing activities
    Proceeds from issue of equity instruments                         18,220,761     4,984,929
    Payment for share issue costs                                      (565,783)      (77,400)
    Net cash from financing activities                                17,654,978     4,907,529

    Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents                                                       13,923,434     (936,007)
    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the
    year                                                               1,647,483     2,583,490

    Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                5         15,570,917     1,647,483




                  The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                              36
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These financial statements and notes represent those of Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan)
and its controlled entities (the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2021. Galan is a publicly listed
company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The financial statements were authorised for issue on
30 September 2021 by the Directors of the Company.

1.      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF PREPARATION

(a)     Statement of compliance

The financial statements are general purpose financial statements that have been prepared in
accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, Australian Accounting Interpretations, other
authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations
Act 2001.

Australian Accounting Standards set out accounting policies that the AASB has concluded would result in
a financial statements containing relevant and reliable information about transactions, events and
conditions. Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and
notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB. Material
accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report are presented below and have
been consistently applied unless otherwise stated.

(b)     Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of entities controlled by
the Company at the end of the reporting period. A controlled entity is any entity over which the Company
has the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the entity’s
activities. Control will generally exist when the parent owns, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, more
than half of the voting power of an entity. In assessing the power to govern, the existence and effect of
holdings of actual and potential voting rights are also considered.

Where controlled entities have entered or left the Group during the year, the financial performance of
those entities are included only for the period of the year that they were controlled. A list of controlled
entities, as at 30 June 2021 is contained in Note 21 to the financial statements.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-group balances and transactions between
entities in the Group have been eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with those adopted by the Company.

Non-controlling interests, being the equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent,
are shown separately within the Equity section of the consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. The non-controlling interest in the net assets
comprises their interests at the date of the original business combination and their share of changes in
equity since that date.

(c)      Going concern

The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of
normal business activity and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
of business.

(d)      Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis and are based on the historical cost,
modified where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of selected non-current assets, financial
assets and financial liabilities.




                                                                                                               37
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

(e)     Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group’s functional currency.

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all years presented in these
financial statements, and have been applied consistently by the Group.

(f)      Income tax

The income tax expense (revenue) for the year comprises current income tax expense (income) and
deferred tax expense (income).

Current income tax expense charged to the profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax
liabilities (assets) are therefore measured at the amounts expected to be paid to (recovered from) the
relevant taxation authority.

Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability balances
during the year as well unused tax losses.

Current and deferred income tax expense (income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the
tax relates to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.

Except for business combinations, no deferred income tax is recognised from the initial recognition of an
asset or liability where there is no effect on accounting or taxable profit and loss.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the Year
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related asset or liability.

Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the
extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the
deferred tax asset can be utilised.

Where temporary differences exist in relation to investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates, and joint
ventures, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised where the timing of the reversal of the
temporary difference can be controlled and it is not probable that the reversal will occur in the foreseeable
future.

Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists and it is intended
that net settlement or simultaneous realisation and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists, the deferred
tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
taxable entity or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation
and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur in future Years in which significant amounts of
deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled.

(g)     Goods and Services Tax/Value Added Tax (GST/VAT)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST/VAT, except where the GST/VAT
incurred is not recoverable from the relevant tax authority.

Receivables and payables are stated with amounts of GST/VAT receivable or payable. The net amount of
GST/VAT recoverable from, or payable to, the relevant tax authority is included with other receivables or
payables in the statement of financial position.

Cash flows are presented in the statement of cashflows on a gross basis, except for the GST/VAT
component of investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.




                                                                                                               38
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

(h)         Financial Instruments

Financial Assets

Initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied
the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of
a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it
needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by
regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e.,
the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets
designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily
required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are
acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

This category includes listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify
at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised as other income in
the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.

Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
position) when:

      •   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
      •   The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
          obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
          ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and

          either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the
          Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has
          transferred control of the asset.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive outstanding contractual amounts in
full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written
off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows




                                                                                                               39
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Financial Liabilities

Initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss, loans and borrowings, payables as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payable and convertible notes.

Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:

Loans and Borrowings

This is the category most relevant to the Group. After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and
borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are
recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation
process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
costs that are an integral part of the EIR. The EIR amortisation is included as finance costs in the statement
of profit or loss.

(i)      Impairment of Assets

At the end of each reporting year, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that an asset
may be impaired. The assessment will include the consideration of external and internal sources of
information. If such an indication exists, an impairment test is carried out on the asset by comparing the
recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use,
to the asset’s carrying value. Any excess of the asset’s carrying value over its recoverable amount is
expensed to the statement of comprehensive income.

Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

(j)      Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
obligation at the end of the reporting Year.

(k)      Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less, and bank overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are
shown within short-term borrowings in current liabilities on the statement of financial positions, at reporting
date the Company had no such overdraft.

(l)         Revenue and other Income

Interest Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method. At reporting date
the Company had no other revenue sources.




                                                                                                                   40
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

(m)     Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are carried at amortised costs and represent liabilities for goods and services
provided to the Company prior to the end of the reporting date and are unpaid and arise when the
Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and
services.

(n)     Equity settled compensation

The Company operates equity-settled share-based payment employee share and option schemes. The
fair value of the equity to which employees become entitled is measured at grant date and recognised as
an expense over the vesting Year, with a corresponding increase to the option reserve.

Share-based payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value of goods or services received or
the fair value of the instruments issued, if it is determined the fair value of the goods or services cannot be
reliably measured and are recorded at the date the goods or services are received. The corresponding
amount is recorded to the option reserve

The fair value of shares is ascertained as the market bid price. The fair value of options is ascertained using
a Black–Scholes pricing model which incorporates all market vesting conditions. The number of shares and
options expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted at the end of each reporting date such that the amount
recognised for services received as consideration for the equity instruments granted shall be based on the
number of equity instruments that eventually vest.

(o)     Exploration, Evaluation and Development Expenditure

Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure incurred is accumulated in respect of each
identifiable area of interest. These costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to
be recouped through the successful development of the area or where activities in the area have not yet
reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment of the existence of economically recoverable
reserves.

Accumulated costs in relation to an area of interest that is abandoned are written off in full against profit
in the year in which the decision to abandon the areas is made.

When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are amortised over
the life of the area according to the rate of depletion of the economically recoverable reserves.

A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to
carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest.

(p)     Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
the Company.

Key Judgements –Exploration and evaluation expenditure

The Company capitalises expenditure relating to exploration and evaluation where it is considered likely to
be recoverable or where the activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment
of the existence of reserves. While there are certain areas of interest from which no reserves have been
extracted, the directors are of the continued belief that such expenditure should not be written off since
feasibility studies in such areas have not yet concluded.

The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
the Company.




                                                                                                          41
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Key Judgments – Environmental Issues

Balances disclosed in the financial statements and notes thereto are not adjusted for any pending or
enacted environmental legislation, and the directors understanding thereof. At the current stage of the
Company’s development and its current environmental impact the directors believe such treatment is
reasonable and appropriate.

Key Estimates – Taxation

Balances disclosed in the financial statements and the notes thereto, related to taxation, are based on the
best estimates of directors. These estimates take into account both the financial performance and position
of the Company as they pertain to current income taxation legislation, and the directors understanding
thereof. No adjustment has been made for pending or future taxation legislation. The current income tax
position represents that directors’ best estimate, pending an assessment by the Australian Taxation Office.

Key Estimates – equity settled transactions

The Company measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair
value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an
internal valuation using Black-Scholes option pricing model.

For equity settled transactions with consultants and other non-employees the fair value reflects the value
attributable to services where applicable. Where there is no quantifiable value of services the value of
options is calculated using the Black and Scholes option pricing model.

(q)     Foreign Currency Transaction and Balances

Functional and presentation currency

The functional currency of each of the entities in the Company is measured using the currency of the
primary economic environment in which the entity operates. The Company’s financial statements are
presented in Australian dollars which is the parent entity’s functional and presentation currency.

Transaction and balances

Profit and loss foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the average
exchange rate for the financial year.

Balance sheet foreign currency items are translated at the year-end exchange rate.

Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of Profit
or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, except where deferred in equity as a qualifying cash flow or
net investment hedge.

Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in equity to
the extent that the gain or loss is directly recognised in equity, otherwise exchange differences are
recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.

(r)     Fair value measurements

The Company measures and recognises the following assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis
after initial recognition.

        (i) Fair Value Hierarchy
        AASB 13: Fair Value Measurement requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the
        fair value hierarchy, which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels
        based on the lowest level that an input that is significant to the measurement can be categorised
        into as follows:




                                                                                                       42
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

        Level 1                           Level 2                                     Level 3
        Measurements based on             Measurements based on inputs                Measurements based on
        quoted prices (unadjusted)        other than quoted prices                    unobservable inputs for the
        in active markets for             included in Level 1 that are                asset or liability.
        identical assets or liabilities   observable for the asset or
        that the entity can access at     liability, either directly or indirectly.
        the measurement date.

        The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined
        using one or more valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent
        possible, the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value
        are observable, the asset or liability is included in Level 2. If one or more significant inputs are not
        based on observable market data, the asset or liability is included in Level 3.

        (ii) Valuation techniques

        The Company selects a valuation technique that is appropriate in the circumstances and for
        which sufficient data is available to measure fair value. The availability of sufficient and relevant
        data primarily depends on the specific characteristics of the asset or liability being measured.
        The valuation technique selected by the Company is the market approach ie. valuation
        techniques that use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions for
        identical or similar assets or liabilities.

        When selecting a valuation technique, the Company gives priority to those techniques that
        maximise the use of observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs that
        are developed using market data (such as publicly available information on actual transactions)
        and reflect the assumptions that buyers and sellers would generally use when pricing the asset or
        liability are considered observable, whereas inputs for which market data is not available and
        therefore are developed using the best information available about such assumptions are
        considered unobservable.

        The following table provides the fair values of the Company’s assets and liabilities measured and
        recognised on a recurring basis after initial recognition and their categorisation within the fair
        value hierarchy:
                                                                            30 June 2021
                                                               Level 1      Level 2        Level 3   Total
                                                                  $            $              $        $
Recurring fair value measurements
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss:
-       Australian listed shares                                      4,430              -            -       4,430

                                                                                      30 June 2020
                                                                     Level 1          Level 2      Level 3    Total
                                                                        $                $            $         $

Recurring fair value measurements
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss:
-       Australian listed shares                                     22,632              -            -      22,632




                                                                                                                43
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

(s)       New, revised or amending accounting standards and interpretations adopted

Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

The Group has adopted all new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
Accounting Standards Board that are relevant to its operations and effective for an accounting period
that begins on or after 1 January 2020.

Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted

The Group has reviewed the new and revised Standards and Interpretations on issue not yet adopted for
the year ended 30 June 2021. As a result of this review the Group has determined that there is no material
impact of the Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted on the Company and, therefore, no
change is necessary to Group accounting policies.

(t)       Hyper Inflation

The Argentinean economy has been considered a hyperinflationary economy, according to the criteria
set out in the accounting standard "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" (AASB 129). As
the current functional currency of the Argentinian operations has been determined to be the Argentine
Peso, the requirements of AASB129 have been applied.

This determination was carried out on the basis of a series of qualitative and quantitative criteria which
include the presence of an accumulated inflation rate of over 100% in the past three years. According to
AASB 129, the financial statements of the subsidiary “Galan Exploraciones (Argentina)“ must be restated
by applying a general price index to the historical cost, in order to reflect the changes in the purchasing
power of the Argentine Peso, on the closing date of these financial statements.

For consolidation purposes in Galan Lithium Limited and as a result of the application of AASB 129, the
results and the financial position of our Argentine subsidiary were restated. Previously, the results of the
Argentine subsidiary were converted at an average exchange rate for the period for monetary items and
converted at balance date exchange rate for non-monetary items, as is the case for the conversion of
the results for the rest of the Group in other countries whose economies are not considered
hyperinflationary.

Refer to Note 24 for restatement workings.

2.        OPERATING SEGMENTS

The Company is currently managed primarily on the basis of its exploration activity. Operating segments
are therefore determined on the same basis.

Exploration
Segment assets, including acquisition costs of exploration licenses, all expenses related to the tenements
and profit on sale of tenements are reported on in this segment.

Segment assets
Where an asset is used across multiple segments, the asset is allocated to the segment that receives the
majority of economic value from the asset. In the majority of instances, segment assets are clearly
identifiable on the basis of their nature and physical location.

Unless indicated otherwise in the segment assets note, deferred tax assets and intangible assets have not
been allocated to operating segments.

Segment liabilities
Liabilities are allocated to segments where there is direct nexus between the incurrence of the liability
and the operations of the segment. Borrowings and tax liabilities are generally considered to relate to the
Company as a whole and are not allocated. Segment liabilities include trade and other payables.

Unallocated items
The following items of revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are not allocated to operating segments as
they are not considered part of the core operations of any segment:

      •        non-recurring items of revenue or expense;
      •        deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                                                         44
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

2.      OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont’d)
                                                Exploration           Unallocated           Total
30 June 2021                                              $                     $               $

Revenue
Interest                                                  -                  3,239         3,239
Inflation adjustment                              1,978,431                      -     1,978,431
Other                                                     -                152,708       152,708
Total segment revenue                             1,978,431                155,947     2,134,378
Segment net operating loss (profit)
after tax                                         1,978,431            (2,886,322)      (907,891)
Share based payments                                      -            (1,290,222)    (1,290,222)

Segment assets
Exploration expenditure                          23,408,544                      -    23,408,544
Cash and cash equivalents                            83,293             15,487,624    15,570,917
Other assets                                         99,433                 24,597       124,030
Total segment assets                             23,591,270             15,512,221    39,103,491
Segment liabilities                                 590,020                164,260       754,280

                                                 Restated *             Restated *     Restated*
                                                Exploration           Unallocated           Total
30 June 2020                                              $                       $            $

Revenue
Interest                                                  -                  1,174         1,174
Inflation adjustment                                361,451                      -       361,451
Other                                                     -                 29,421        29,421
Total segment revenue                               361,451                 30,595       392,046
Segment net operating loss (profit)
after tax                                           361,451            (2,617,246)    (2,255,795)
Share based payments                                      -              (910,522)      (910,522)
Segment assets
Exploration expenditure                          19,551,263                      -    19,551,263
Cash and cash equivalents                            12,498              1,634,985     1,647,483
Other assets                                          4,799                 42,003        46,802
Total segment assets                             19,568,560              1,676,988    21,245,548
Segment liabilities                                 130,119                349,970       480,089




                                  * Refer to note 24 for details on restatement



                                                                                                45
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

3.        REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
                                                                           30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                      $                  $

 Interest received from financial institutions                                    3,239              1,174

 Other Income

 Sundry                                                                           2,509                   -

 Company secretarial recoupment                                                  79,620                   -

 Cashflow boost payment                                                          70,579             29,421

                                                                                152,708             29,421

4.        INCOME TAX EXPENSE


(a)      Income tax expense

Current tax                                                                               -               -
Deferred tax                                                                              -               -

(b)      Reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

The prima facie tax payable on profit from ordinary activities before income tax is reconciled to the
income tax expense as follows:

Accounting loss before tax                                                      (907,891)      (2,255,795)

Prima facie tax on accounting loss at 26% (2020:30%)                            (236,052)        (676,739)
Add / (Less)
Tax effect of:
    Non-deductible expenses                                                       375,823          404,421
    Non-assessable income                                                       (374,672)           (8,826)
    Difference in global tax rates                                                 (4,962)                -
    Share issue cost deduction                                                   (22,820)         (10,157)
    Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                    262,683          291,301
Income tax attributable to operating loss                                                -                -

The applicable weighted average effective tax rates as follows                       Nil%            Nil %

(c)      Deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses                                                                         -               -
Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                                       -               -
                                                                                          -               -
(d)      Deferred tax liabilities
Other                                                                                     -               -
Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                            -               -
                                                                                          -               -

(e)     Tax losses
Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
recognised                                                                       726,537         1,568,701
Tax effect of unused available fraction tax losses for which no
deferred tax asset has been recognised                                           903,281                 -
Unrecognised temporary differences                                                73,209            54,814
                                                                               1,703,027         1,623,515




                                                                                                        46
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

5.        CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                            30 June 2021     30 June 2020
                                                                                       $                $

Cash at bank                                                                   1,910,247           146,485
Deposits at call (i)                                                          13,660,670         1,500,998
                                                                              15,570,917         1,647,483

(i)       The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits (30-90 day maturity) was 0.27% (2020:
          0.20%).


6.        TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

GST receivables and other debtors                                                 21,490            15,341

There were no trade receivables past due but not impaired. Due to the short-term nature of these
receivables, their carrying amount is assumed to approximate their fair value. The maximum exposure to
credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of receivables mentioned above.
Refer to note 16 for more information on the risk management policy of the Company and the credit
quality of the Company’s trade receivables.


7.        FINANCIAL ASSETS

Shares in listed corporations at fair value                                       4,430            22,632



8.        EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION
                                                                                                Restated *
                                                                            30 June 2021     30 June 2020
                                                                                       $                 $

Costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest:


Brought forward                                                                19,551,263       15,312,411
Exploration expenditure capitalised during the year                             1,291,592        3,128,069
Share valuation capitalised                                                      208,600         1,110,000
Candelas vendor shares issued                                                      26,600                  -
Candela vendor shares to be issued                                                 51,100           57,050
Greenbushes vendor shares                                                        451,770                   -
Pucara/Del Condor shares                                                         182,000                   -
Hyperinflation                                                                  1,978,431          361,451
Foreign exchange translation                                                    (332,812)        (417,718)
Balance at reporting date                                                      23,408,544       19,551,263

The value of the Company’s interest in exploration expenditure is dependent upon:

      •       the continuance of the Company’s rights to tenure of the areas of interest;
      •       the results of future exploration; and
      •       the recoupment of costs through successful development and exploitation of the areas of
              interest, or alternatively, by their sale.

* Refer note 24 for restated balances.




                                                                                                          47
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

8.    EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION (Cont’d)

Asset acquisition – Hombre Muerto Lithium Project

On 25 June 2018, the Company acquired 100% of the issued capital of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (‘Blue Sky’)
under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement. The purchase consideration was as follows:

     (a)   3,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of Galan and 3,000,000 options each at an
           exercise price of $0.14 on or before 31 December 2019 (the shares and options were issued on
           25 June 2018).
     (b)   Issue to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders of 17,000,000 Shares and 12,000,000 Options (the
           shares were issued on 25 June 2018 and the options on 15 August 2018).
     (c)   Upon the delineation by or on behalf of Galan of a JORC resource of not less than 80kt lithium
           carbonate equivalent within the area of the mining properties in which Blue Sky has an interest
           as at Completion, the issue of 15,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders (the
           shares were issued on 2 December 2019).
     (d)   Upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant by on or behalf of
           Galan, the issue of 10,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders.

Purchase consideration

The fair value of the consideration for the acquisition was as follows:


25,000,000 ordinary shares                                                          $4,625,000
25,000,000 options                                                                  $2,518,475
Total consideration                                                                 $7,143,475

As at 30 June 2021, the probability of meeting the milestone listed in (d) above was revised and as such
a value of $65,816 (see Note 14) has been attributable to these shares as deferred consideration.


9.    TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                           30 June 2021    30 June 2020
                                                                                      $               $



Trade payables                                                                  149,409          199,034
Accruals                                                                        270,933           57,807
                                                                                420,342          256,841

Accounts payable are non-interest bearing and are predominantly settled on 30-45 day terms.


10. ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                 2021              2021
                                                                               Number                 $

Fully paid ordinary shares (2020: 172,488,590 - $24,801,369)                244,649,086       44,384,368




                                                                                                       48
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

10. ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)
                                           30 Jun 2021   30 Jun 2021   30 Jun 2020   30 Jun 2020
                                              Number              $       Number              $


Balance at the beginning of the period     172,488,590    24,801,369   129,334,278    16,940,982
Placement shares at $0.18 (i)                        -             -     5,555,556     1,000,000
SPP shares at $0.18 (ii)                             -             -     5,555,485     1,000,000
Consultant shares at $0.183 (iii)                    -             -       131,089        24,050
Option conversions at $0.15 (iv)                     -             -     2,325,000       348,750
Option conversions at $0.14 (v)                      -             -     1,428,571       200,000
Vendor shares at $0.15 (vi)                          -             -    15,000,000     2,775,000
Consultant shares at $0.16 (vii)                     -             -       142,695        22,817
Acuity shares at $0.1954 (viii)                      -             -     2,175,000       425,000
Acuity shares at $0.25 (viii)                        -             -     1,000,000       250,000
Placement shares at $0.14 (ix)                       -             -     2,071,429       290,000
Consultant shares at $0.20 (x)                       -             -        98,771        19,316
Placement shares at $0.14 (xi)                       -             -     5,170,716       723,900
Acuity shares at $0.14 (viii)                        -             -     2,500,000       350,000
Placement shares at $0.14 (xi)               1,765,000       247,100             -             -
Performance right conversions (xii)          5,000,000     1,075,000             -             -
Placement shares at $0.14 (xi)               2,255,714       315,800             -             -
Vendor shares at $0.155 (xiii)                 650,000       100,750             -             -
Consultant shares at $0.1483 (xiv)             192,674        28,574             -             -
Placement shares at $0.14 (xv)               1,825,870       255,622             -             -
Placement shares at $0.13 (xvi)             23,076,924     3,000,000             -             -
Vendor shares at $0.125 (xvii)                 650,000        81,250             -             -
Vendor shares at $0.199 (xviii)                420,000        83,650             -             -
Consultant shares at $0.149 (xix)               81,069        12,087             -             -
Consultant shares at $0.217 (xix)              175,157        37,931             -             -
Vendor shares at $0.37 (xx)                  1,221,000       451,770             -             -
Acuity shares at $0.256 (viii)               5,000,000     1,280,000             -             -
Placement shares at $0.50 (xxi)             20,200,000    10,100,000             -             -
Consultant shares at $0.541 (xxii)              64,605        34,944             -             -
Option conversions at $0.20 (xxiii)          2,000,000       400,000             -             -
Option conversions at $0.20 (xxiv)             150,000        30,000             -             -
Option conversions at $0.25 (xxv)            3,364,358       841,090             -             -
Option conversions at $0.3438 (xxvi)         4,000,000     1,375,200             -             -
Consultant shares at $0.72 (xxvii)              30,625        22,050
Option conversions at $0.21 (xxviii)            37,500         7,875
                                           244,649,086    44,582,062   172,488,590    24,369,815
Shares to be issued (xxix)                           -     (247,100)             -       247,100
Shares to be issued (xxx)                            -      (28,574)             -        28,574
Shares to be issued (xv)                             -      (55,422)             -        55,422
Shares to be issued (xxxi)                           -        39,564             -             -
Shares to be issued (xxxii)                          -        51,100             -             -
Transfer from equity-based reserve                   -       608,520             -       177,858
Less: transaction costs                              -     (565,782)             -      (77,400)
Balance at the end of the period           244,649,086    44,384,368   172,488,590    24,801,369




                                                                                             49
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

10.     ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

(i)      Issued on 14 August 2019 under a placement announced on 5 August 2019.
(ii)     Issued on 17 September 2019 under a share purchase plan announced on 5 August 2019.
(iii)    Issued on 30 October 2019 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Mar-Sep 2019.
(iv)     Issued on various dates between 30 October 2019 and 2 December 2019 on the conversion of unquoted
         options (exercisable at $0.15 on or before 29/11/19).
(v)      Issued on various dates between 20 December 2019 and 30 December 2019 on the conversion of unquoted
         options (exercisable at $0.14 on or before 31/12/19).
(vi)     Issued to Blue Sky vendors on the attainment of 80Kt resource at Hombre Muerto.
(vii)    Issued on 30 January 2020 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Oct-Dec 2019.
(viii)   Issued under a controlled placement agreement with Acuity. Shares were issued on 30 January 2020
         (2,175,000), 17 March 2020 (1,000,000), 29 June 2020 (2,500,000) and 22 January 2021(5,000,000).
(ix)     Issued on 9 April 2020 as part of a placement announced on 3 April 2020.
(x)      Issued on 9 June 2020 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Jan-Mar 2020.
(xi)     Issued as part of a placement announced on 23 June 2020. Shares were issued on 29 June 2020 (5,170,716), 1
         July 2020 (1,765,000 shares) and 22 July 2020 (2,255,714 shares).
(xii)    On 20 July 2020, 5,000, 000 Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and issued
         to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).
(xiii)   Issued on 27 August 2020 to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Del Condor & Pucara).
(xiv)    Issued on 27 August 2020 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Apr-Jun 2020.
(xv)     Issued on 9 October 2020, to Directors, as part of a placement announced on 3 April 2020 (approved by
         shareholders on 11 September 2020). Funds of $55,422 were received prior to 30 June 2020.
(xvi)    Issued on 20 October 2020 under a placement announced on 12 October 2020.
(xvii) Issued on 4 November 2020 to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Del Condor & Pucara).
(xviii) Issued on 8 January 2021 to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Candelas).
(xix)    Issued on 8 January 2021 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Jul-Dec 2020 (81,069 @ $0.149
         and 175,157 @ $0.217).
(xx)     Issued on 22 January 2021 to a vendor as consideration for tenement acquisitions (Greenbushes South).
(xxi)    Issued on 29 January 2021 (9,240,000 shares), 1 February 2021 (8,960,000 shares) and 11 February 2021 (2,000,000
         shares) under a placement announced on 27 January 2021.
(xxii) Issued on 23 April 2021 to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period Jan-Mar 2021.
(xxiii) Issued on 29 January 2021 on the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable at $0.20 on or before 30/10/22).
(xxiv) Issued on 23 April 2021 on the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable at $0.20 on or before 30/10/23).
(xxv) Issued on various dates between 8 January 2021 and 28 May 2021 on the conversion of unquoted options
         (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 31/3/22).
(xxvi) Issued on various dates between 8 January 2021 and 11 June 2021 on the conversion of unquoted options
         (exercisable at $0.3438 on or before 11/6/21).
(xxvii) Issued on 11 June 2021 to a consultant in lieu of services provided.
(xxviii) Issued on 29 June 2021 on the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8/10/23).
(xxix) Shares to be issued as part of the placement announced on 23 June 2020. Funds received up to 30 June 2020
         but shares not issued until 1 July 2020.
(xxx) Shares to be issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period April-June 2020.
(xxxi) Shares to be issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided for the period April-June 2021.
(xxxii) Shares to be issued to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Candelas).

Ordinary Shares

Ordinary shares participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
to the number of shares held. At shareholder meetings each ordinary share is entitled to one vote when
a poll is called, otherwise each shareholder has one vote on a show of hands.

Performance Shares

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, the 5 million Class A Performance Shares were issued to the Managing Director (milestone
announced 22 June 2020).

The valuation of the Class B performance shares as at 30 June 2021 was conducted by management
(see Note 14).

                                                                                                                        50
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

10. ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

Options as at 30 June 2021

The following unquoted options remained on issue as at 30 June 2021:

          Expiry Date                   Exercise Price   Unquoted Options

          01/12/2021                        $0.25               2,000,000
          31/03/2022                        $0.25               9,724,371
          08/10/2023                        $0.21              10,112,500
          04/02/2024                        $0.60                500,000
          07/05/2024                        $0.90                150,000

Capital risk management

The Board controls the capital of the Company in order to provide the shareholders with adequate returns
and ensure that the Company can fund its operations and continue as a going concern. The Company’s
capital includes ordinary share capital. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.

                                                                            30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                       $                  $


   Cash and cash equivalents                                                  15,570,917          1,647,483
   Trade and other receivables                                                    21,490             15,341
   Trade and other payables                                                    (420,342)          (311,179)
   Working capital position                                                   15,172,065          1,351,645


11. RESERVES

This reserve records the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
remuneration, share based payments to 3rd parties plus option consideration for acquisitions.

                                                                                                  Restated *
                                                                             30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                        $                  $
Equity Based Reserve
Opening balance                                                                 3,578,120         6,844,900
Valuation of options (i)                                                                   -      1,110,000
Performance shares milestone achieved                                          (1,075,000)       (2,775,000)
Issue of options to a consultant (ii)                                                      -         15,364
Issue of options to directors and consultants(vi)                                 828,791                  -
Performance shares (iv)                                                            65,816           785,898
Candelas vendor shares (v)                                                        (57,050)           57,050
Valuation of options to Director (v)                                                       -        109,260
Issue of options to an advisor (vii)                                              179,934                  -
Issue of options to a consultant (viii)                                           148,037                  -
Issue of options to an advisor (ix)                                                67,642                  -
Fair value of exercised options transferred to share capital                     (608,520)        (177,858)
Transfer to accumulated losses                                                 (1,341,473)       (2,391,494)
Closing Balance                                                                 1,786,297         3,578,120


Foreign Currency Translation Reserve                                           (1,058,724)        (417,718)
                                                                                  727,573         3,160,402



                                                                                                           51
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

11. RESERVES (Cont’d)

*Refer note 24 for restated balances

(i)      Represented by valuation of deferred consideration shares due to the Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd vendors on
         acquisition.
(ii)     Represented by 150,000 options (exercisable at $0.20 on or before 30 October 2022) issued to a consultant
         under their terms of engagement.
(iii)    Represented by 5,000,000 Class A and 5,000,000 Class B Performance shares issued to Managing Director, Mr
         Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega.
(iv)     Represented by valuation of shares to be issued to Candelas vendor under option agreement with Blue Sky
         Lithium Pty Ltd.
(v)      Represented by 2,000,000 Director options (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 21 December 2021 issued to a
         Director (as approved by shareholders on 29 November 2019).
(vi)     Represented by 7,000,000 options (exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023) issued to Directors and
         3,150,000 options (exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023) (as approved by shareholders on 11
         September 2020).
(vii)    Represented by 2,000,000 options (exercisable at $0.20 on or before 31 October 2023) issued to an Advisor
         under the terms of their engagement.
(viii)   Represented by 500,000 options (exercisable at $0.60 on or before 4 February 2024) issued to a Consultant.
(ix)     Represented by 150,000 options (exercisable at $0.90 on or before 7 May 2024) issued to an Advisor under the
         terms of their engagement.



12. ACCUMULATED LOSSES

                                                                                                          Restated *
                                                                                    30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                               $                   $


Opening balance                                                                       (7,196,312)        (7,332,011)
Loss for the Year                                                                       (907,891)        (2,255,795)
Transfer from Reserves (refer Note 11)                                                  1,341,473          2,391,494
Closing Balance                                                                       (6,762,730)        (7,196,312)

* Refer note 24 for restated balances.


13. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                        Number              Number
Basic and diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                                                     212,523,206        151,179,207
outstanding during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share
                                                                                                $                  $
Loss used in the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share                       (907,891)         (2,255,795)




                                                                                                                  52
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

14. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

Unquoted options are issued to directors, employees and consultants and may be subject to
performance criteria, and are issued to increase goal congruence between executives, directors and
shareholders. Unquoted options carry no dividend or voting rights.

                               Fair Value
                                 at Grant                     Life of                  Share Price    Risk Free
                Number of       Date per      Estimated      Option       Exercise        at Grant     Interest
Allottee          Options          Option      Volatility    (years)         Price           Date          Rate


Directors        7,000,000      $0.08165           109%         3.00         $0.21         $0.140        0.20%
Consultants      3,150,000      $0.08165           109%         3.00         $0.21         $0.140        0.20%
Consultant         500,000      $0.29607            85%         3.00         $0.65         $0.575        0.75%
Advisor          2,000,000      $0.08997           108%         3.03         $0.20          $0.15        0.20%
Advisor            150,000      $0.45096            85%         3.00         $0.90          $0.85        0.75%

The issue of the above options resulted in a share-based payment expense of $1,290,222 during the year.

The following table illustrates the movements and the number and weighted average exercise prices of
share-based payment options on issue during the year:

                                                    2021                                2020
                                             Number of   Weighted               Number of     Weighted
                                               Options Ave Exercise               Options   Ave Exercise
                                                            Price $                              Price $

 Balance at 1 July 2020                       24,297,614           0.31         36,116,178               0.23
 Expired during the year                    (10,905,469)           0.42       (23,012,607)               0.14
 Exercised during the year                   (9,551,858)           0.28        (3,753,571)               0.15
 Issued during the year                       18,646,584           0.24         14,947,614               0.25
 Balance at 30 June 2021                      22,486,871           0.21         24,297,614               0.31
 Exercisable at 30 June 2021                 22,486,871                         24,297,614

 The options outstanding at 30 June 2021 had a weighted average remaining life of 1.46 years (2020 –
 1.14 years). The weighted average fair value of the options outstanding at 30 June 2021 was $0.05 (2020
 - $0.08).

Performance Shares

                                               Fair Value
                                                 at Grant                    Life of                 Expected
                               Number of        Date per                    Shares          Expiry    exercise
Allottee                          Shares           Option Probability      (years)           Date        date


Blue Sky Milestones

- Share A                               Vested for vendors on 2 December 2019 (i)
- Share B                      10,000,000         $0.185         25%          N/A             N/A         N/A

Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (“Managing Director”) Performance Shares

- Class A                            Vested for Managing Director on 22 July 2020 (ii)
- Class B                        5,000,000        $0.215         25%            3.1      July 2023   Dec 2022

The calculation of the value of the above performance shares resulted in a share-based expense of
$65,816 during the year, which is based on management’s assessment of the probability of the milestones
being met.

                                                                                                            53
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

14. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

(i)     Milestone of 80kt lithium carbonate lithium JORC resource achieved 1 October 2019
(ii)    Milestone of 1Mt lithium carbonate JORC (2012) compliant Indicated resource achieved 22 June
        2020.

Blue Sky Milestones

Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due upon the
commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

Managing Director Performance Shares

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, 5 million Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).


15. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Reconciliation from the net loss after tax to the net cash flow from operations


                                                                            30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                       $                 $

Loss from ordinary activities after income tax                                    (907,891)     (2,255,795)


Gain on hyper inflation                                                       (1,978,431)        (361,451)
Government grant                                                                   (73,088)
Gain on sale of shares                                                                                    -
Fair value adjustment to investments                                               (86,998)          2,679
Depreciation                                                                         2,070           2,871
Share based payments                                                              1,290,222        910,522
Changes in assets and liabilities
- (increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                               (11,106)         51,562
- Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                110,690                -
- Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                  163,502        (15,055)
Cash flow from operations                                                     (1,491,030)       (1,664,667)




                                                                                                        54
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

16. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company’s financial instruments consist of deposits with banks, accounts receivable and payable.
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity
risk. Risk management is carried out by the Board of Directors who monitor, evaluate, and manage the
Company’s financial risk. The financial receivables and payables of the Company in the table below are
due or payable within 30 days.

                                                  Variable         Fixed
                                                                                 Non-interest
                                                  Interest       Maturity – 1                       2021 Total
                                                                                   Bearing
                                                    Rate         Year or Less                           $
                                                                                      $
                                                     $                S
2021
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                          1,910,247      13,660,670                  -      15,570,917
Receivables                                                  -              -           21,490           21,490
Held for trading financial assets                            -              -            4,430            4,430

Total financial assets                             1,910,247      13,660,670            25,920       15,596,837

Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                  0.27%
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and accruals                                                          (420,342)        (420,342)
Net financial assets                                                                                 15,176,495


                                                  Variable         Fixed
                                                                                 Non-interest
                                                  Interest       Maturity – 1                       2020 Total
                                                                                   Bearing
                                                    Rate         Year or Less                           $
                                                                                      $
                                                     $                S
2020
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                            146,485       1,500,998                  -       1,647,483
Receivables                                                  -              -           15,341           15,341
Held for trading financial assets                            -              -           22,632           22,632

Total financial assets                               146,485       1,500,998            37,973        1,685,456

Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                  0.20%
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and accruals                                  -              -        (256,841)        (256,841)
Net financial assets                                                                                  1,428,615

The financial instruments recognised at fair value in the statement of financial position have been
analysed and classified using a fair value hierarchy reflecting the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements. All financial instruments measured at fair value are level one, meaning fair value is
determined from quoted prices, in active markets for identical assets.

Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Board of Directors monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Company
through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include
market risk (including fair value and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company does not
enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative
purposes.


                                                                                                                 55
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

16. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)

Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
financial loss to the Company. The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy
counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of
financing loss from defaults. The Company exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are
continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst
approved counterparties.

Credit risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by the board. The
board’s policy requires that surplus funds are only invested with counterparties with Standard & Poor’s
rating of at least AA-. All of the Company’s surplus funds are invested with a AA- rated financial institution.

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the financial assets
as summarised below:


                                                                             30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                        $                  $

Cash and cash equivalents - Australia                                           15,487,624          1,634,984
Receivables – Australia                                                             12,944             15,341


The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any provision for losses,
represents the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk.

All Australian receivables noted above are due within 30 days.

All Argentinian receivables relate to VAT and sales tax which may be paid in cash or utilised as tax credits.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and
equity prices will affect the Company’s income or value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
parameters, while optimising the return.

Liquidity risk management

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, who have built an
appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company’s short, medium
and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by
maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities by continuously
monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
liabilities.

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with
financial liabilities. The Company has no borrowings. The Company’s non-cash investments can be
realised to meet accounts payable arising in the normal course of business.

Interest rate risk exposure

Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market
interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk as it invests funds at both fixed and floating
interest rates. The risk is managed by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate
deposits. The Company has no borrowings.




                                                                                                            56
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

16. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
                                                                             30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                        $                  $
Interest bearing financial instruments
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       15,487,624          1,634,984
Weighted average effective interest rate                                             0.27%              0.20%


Sensitivity analysis

Interest rate risk

The Company has performed sensitivity analysis relating to its exposure to interest rate risk at balance
date. The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect on the current year results and equity which could
result from a change in these risks.

Interest rate sensitivity analysis

At 30 June 2021, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the interest rate, with all variables remaining
constant would be as follows:


Change in loss
Increase in interest rate by 50 basis points                                        77,437            25,835
Decrease in interest rate by 50 basis points                                      (77,437)          (25,835)

Change in equity
Increase in interest rate by 50 basis points                                        77,437            25,835
Decrease in interest rate by 50 basis points                                      (77,437)          (25,835)

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

At 30 June 2021, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the Foreign currency, with all variables
remaining constant would be as follows:


Change in loss
Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                   25,293            26,025
Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                 (25,293)          (26,025)

Change in equity
Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                   25,293            26,025
Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                 (25,293)          (26,025)


17. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION

Refer to the remuneration report contained in the directors’ report for details of remuneration paid or
payable to each member of the Company’s key management personnel for the year ended 30 June
2021.

The totals of remuneration paid to KMP of the Company during the year are as follows:

                                                                             30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                        $                  $

 Short term employee benefits                                                      511,368           358,408
 Post-employment benefits                                                           39,615            15,616
 Other long term benefits                                                                -                 -
 Equity based payments                                                             571,584           895,108
                                                                                 1,122,567          1,269,132




                                                                                                          57
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

17. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION (Cont’d)

Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $380,208 (2020: $77,400) in capital raising fees for the 2021 financial
year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

The Company received $79,620 (2020: $Nil) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

The Company paid a total of $96,500 (2020: $122,853) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.


18. COMMITMENTS

The mining tenement option obligations, which may or may not be paid depending on results, are not
provided for in the financial statements and are payable as follows:

                                                                             30 June 2021      30 June 2020
                                                                                        $                 $

No longer than one year                                                             93,147           304,790
Longer than one year but not longer than five years                              1,210,912         1,422,351
Longer than five years                                                                    -                 -
                                                                                 1,304,059         1,727,141

A summary of the outstanding mining tenement option obligations are as follows:

Candelas Properties – Candela, Candela II, Candela III, Candela Iv, Candela V and Candela VI

   •    Purchase option instalments of USD 70,000, every 6 months, to the titleholder (non-refundable)
        until December 2021. Each purchase option instalment will be accompanied by the issue of
        70,000 shares in the Company to the Candelas titleholder. A total of 420,000 fully paid ordinary
        shares have been issued to the titleholder at 30 June 2021 (140,000 fully paid ordinary shares
        remain to be issued)
   •    Final purchase option payment of USD 910,000 due within 54 months of contract signing.
   •    The Company has a 24 month term for developing exploration works or any work related mining
        activities and must maintain the mining properties in good standing.
   •    The Candelas titleholder must grant an authorization for developing mining works, grant
        exclusivity in favour of the Company during the agreement´s life and supply evidence a
        certificate of property regarding the mining properties.
   •    The term of the agreement can be extended by both parties.
   •    Once all payments are completed, the irrevocable transfer of the mining rights will be
        implemented.

Catalina Property – Full Ownership

A long-standing dispute between the political border between Salta and Catamarca that includes the
northern part of the Salar del el Hombre Muerto has been taking place without a final resolution so far.
During this time, both mining authorities claiming the right on the disputed area, have been issuing mining
rights that in practical terms ended up in overlapping of such rights over the same area and granted by
each province with different names.




                                                                                                          58
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

18. COMMITMENTS (Cont’d)

This is the case of the Catalina exploitation right. Its titleholder denounced a company working on his
property with a mining right issued by the province of Salta. The Border dispute between the provinces
have a resolution of the Federal Supreme Court in the case “Provincia de Catamarca c/ Provincia de
Salta s s/Ordinario 2015” stating basically that, being an issue of definition of the political border between
two provinces, the Supreme Court cannot rule over the case but according to our Federal Constitution,
art. 75. 15 (the Federal Congress should define the borders between provinces) is an exclusive right of the
Federal Congress. Therefore, up until the Congress settles the final border between Salta and Catamarca,
even though according to the Mining Judge of Catamarca Catalina belongs to its current titleholder Mr.
Navarro, Catalina will remain as a disputed area, and there is no guarantee that its title holder could
freely work on the area.

Catalina is located in a disputed area between Salta and Catamarca without final definition, therefore
the ownership of the area will be disputed by Salta up until the Congress takes a final decision. It is not
expected that such a resolution will take place in the foreseeable near future. The property will be
challenged by the private owner from the Salta side and by the province of Salta itself, and it will be
difficult to work there peacefully.


19. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

On 15 July 2021, Galan announced that it had executed a binding Option Agreement with a private
Argentinian individual for the purchase of the right to earn a 100% interest in the Casa Del Inca III lithium
brine tenement. The acquisition increases and consolidates the Hombre Muerto West project footprint in
the South American Lithium Triangle in Catamarca, Argentina.

Galan agreed to initially acquire 300ha for a total of US$150,000 with the initial deposit of US$80,000 being
paid on 12 July 2021.

The initiation of a scoping study on Galan’s Candelas project was announced on 20 July 2021. The
scoping study will be performed by Galan’s in-house engineering team whilst Ad-infinitum in Chile will
oversee the chemical processing and other relevant study sections. The study is expected to be
completed during Q4 2021.

On 13 August 2021, the Company announced the completion of a $50 million institutional placement to
accelerate the development of its strategic lithium projects. Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited
acted as the lead manager and book runner for the two-tranche placement which was conducted at
an issue price of $1.15 per share.

Under tranche one of the placement, the Company received gross proceeds of $29.8m and issued a
total of 24,326,574 shares (on 20 August 2021) under its existing placement capacity under ASX Listing
Rules 7.1 and 7.1A.

As a result of the significant demand received in the placement, Galan will also be seeking to issue a
further 17.6 million new fully paid ordinary shares, at an issue price of $1.15 in a second tranche (for gross
proceeds of $20.2 million). Completion of the tranche two placement is subject to Galan Shareholder
approval, to be sought at a General Meeting of shareholders on 12 October 2021. The Company
acknowledges the strong support from two institutional investors with a track record of successful
investment in the natural resources sector, who will be the sole allottees in the second tranche.

Since the end of the financial year the following equity has been issued:

    •   On 9 July 2021, 228,572 $0.25 options and 25,000 $0.21 options were exercised and converted
        into fully paid ordinary shares
    •   On 16 July 2021, 400,000 $0.25 options were exercised and converted into fully paid ordinary
        shares
    •   On 20 August 2021, 25,872,594 fully paid ordinary shares were issued under tranche one of a
        placement
    •   On 20 August 2021, 72,000 $0.25 options were exercised and converted into fully paid ordinary
        shares



                                                                                                           59
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

20. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS


                                                                              30 June 2021 30 June 2020
                                                                                         $            $
Remuneration of the auditor for:
Auditing and reviewing the financial reports                                       30,000           26,500
                                                                                   30,000           26,500



21. CONTROLLED ENTITIES

                                                          Country of            Percentage Owned
                                                       Incorporation
                                                                                     2021              2020
 Galan Lithium Limited (Parent Entity)                      Australia
 Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (Controlled Entity)               Australia               100%               100%
 Galan Exploraciones S.A. (GESA)                           Argentina                100%               100%


 On 15 July 2019, the Argentinian authorities granted the Company permission to become a registered
 foreign shareholder of GESA. Under the Argentine Corporations Code, a local company must have at
 least two shareholders. At the date of this report, the Company now holds 95% of the issued shares in
 GESA with the remaining 5% being held in trust, on behalf of the Company, by Mr Vargas de le Vega.


22. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
                                                                         30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                                                                    $                  $
(a)       Statement of financial position
Assets
 Current assets                                                             15,500,567          1,650,984
 Non-current assets                                                         22,406,380         19,556,168
Total assets                                                                37,906,947         21,207,152

Liabilities
  Current liabilities                                                          323,455           171,742
  Non-current liabilities                                                            -                 -
Total liabilities
                                                                               323,455           171,742

Equity
 Issued capital                                                             44,384,368         24,801,369
 Reserves:
 Equity based payment reserve                                                 1,786,299         3,578,120
 Retained losses                                                            (8,587,175)       (7,344,079)
 Total Equity                                                                37,583,492        21,035,410


(b)       Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
 Total profit/ (loss)                                                       (2,583,922)       (2,447,878)
Total comprehensive income                                                  (2,583,922)       (2,447,878)




                                                                                                            60
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

23. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Galan Lithium Limited has the following material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2021:

Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due
upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, the above 5 million Class A Performance Shares were issued to the Managing Director
(milestone announced 22 June 2020).

Assessments are conducted by management at each reporting date to determine the likelihood of the
milestones being achieved. As at 30 June 2021, the MD performance share valuation of $65,816 (2020:
$785,898) was reflected in the share based payment expense and the outstanding Blue Sky share
valuation of $Nil (2020: $1,110,000) was capitalised to exploration expenditure.


24. RESTATEMENT OF COMPARATIVES

During the financial year, it was identified that the Company had not accounted for the effect of its
subsidiary’s operations in a hyperinflationary economy and the recognition of a provision in respect to
the Company’s environment exploration campaign closure plan.

The Argentinean economy has been considered a hyperinflationary economy, according to the criteria
set out in the accounting standard "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" (AASB 129).

This determination was carried out on the basis of a series of qualitative and quantitative criteria which
include the presence of an accumulated inflation rate of over 100% in the past three years. According to
AASB 129, the financial statements of the subsidiary Galan Exploraciones (Argentina) must be restated by
applying a general price index to the historical cost, in order to reflect the changes in the purchasing
power of the Argentine Peso, on the closing date of these financial statements.

Accordingly, in this financial report the comparatives for the year ended 30 June 2020, have been
restated as a result of hyperinflation relating to the Argentine Peso as referred to in Note 1(t) and the
recognition of an environmental provision for restoration. The following restatement adjustments have
been recorded for the year ended 30 June 2020.

                                                          Previously   Adjustments to       Restated
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position            recognised       balances in     comparative
                                                    amounts as at 30 accordance with balances as at 30
                                                          June 2020         AASB 108       June 2020
                                                                   $                $                $

Non-Current Assets
Exploration and evaluation                                 18,461,811          1,089,452        19,551,263


Current Liabilities
Provisions                                                   (54,338)           (168,910)        (223,248)
NET ASSETS                                                 19,844,917            920,542        20,765,459




                                                                                                       61
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

                                                         Previously   Adjustments to       Restated
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position           recognised       balances in     comparative
                                                   amounts as at 30 accordance with balances as at 30
                                                         June 2020         AASB 108       June 2020
                                                                  $                $                $

Equity
Issued capital                                            24,801,369                  -     24,801,369
Reserves                                                   2,601,311         559,091         3,160,402
Accumulated losses                                        (7,557,763)        361,451        (7,196,312)
TOTAL EQUITY                                              19,844,917         920,542        20,765,459



                                                         Previously   Adjustments to       Restated
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and           recognised       balances in     comparative
Other Comprehensive Income                         amounts as at 30 accordance with balances as at 30
                                                         June 2020         AASB 108       June 2020
                                                                  $                $                $
Gain on hyper inflation                                             -      (361,451)          (361,451)
Loss for the period                                        2,617,246       (361,451)         2,255,795


Exchange differences on translating foreign
operations                                                          -      (559,091)          (559,091)

Other comprehensive loss for the year net of tax             976,809       (559,091)           417,718
Total comprehensive income and net loss for
the year attributable to the owners of the
Company                                                    3,594,055       (920,542)         2,673,513

Basic weighted average loss per share (cents per share)        (3.31)          1.82             (1.49)

The above corrections did not lead to any changes in the statement of cash flows for the year ended 30
June 2020.




                                                                                                   62
DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Galan Lithium Limited, the directors of the company declare
that:

1.      the financial statements and notes, as set out, on pages 33 to 62, are in accordance with the
        Corporations Act 2001 and:

        a.       comply with Australian Accounting Standards, which, as stated in accounting policy Note 1
                 to the financial statements, constitutes compliance with International Financial Reporting
                 Standards (IFRS); and
        b.       give a true and fair view of the financial position as at 30 June 2021 and of the performance
                 for the year ended on that date of the Company;

2.      in the directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to
        pay its debts as and when they become due and payable; and

3.      the directors have been given the declarations required by s 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from
        the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.

On behalf of the Directors




JP Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director
Perth, Western Australia
30 September 2021




                                                                                                       63
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF GALAN LITHIUM LIMITED

Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Galan Lithium Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
(“the Consolidated Entity”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at
30 June 2021, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
policies, and the directors’ declaration.

In our opinion:

a.    the accompanying financial report of the Consolidated Entity is in accordance with the
      Corporations Act 2001, including:

      (i)    giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June
             2021 and of its financial performance for the year then ended; and

      (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

b.    the financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed
      in Note 1.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Those standards require
that we comply with relevant ethical requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material
misstatement. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the
Consolidated Entity in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s
APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the
financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion.
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.


 Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Accounting      for   Hyperinflation     in   the    To       Determine    that   the    accounting      for
 Consolidated          Entity’s      Argentinian      Hyperinflation in accordance with AASB 129 has
 Operations                                           been appropriately accounted for, we undertook
 As Described in Note 1(t) of the financial           the following audit procedures amongst others:
 statements, the Consolidated Entity has brought           •    Evaluated managements assessment of
 to account a prior period adjustment relating to               the functional currency of the consolidated
 the recognition of Hyperinflation accounting in                entity’s Argentinian operations.
 accordance with AASB 129 Financial Reporting
                                                           •    Obtained managements calculations and
 in Hyperinflationary Economies.
                                                                updated consolidation workings in respect
 We considered this to be a key audit matter as                 of the current and prior year balances and
 it gave rise to a material cumulative impact,                  assessed whether they reflected our
 increasing the value of the exploration and                    understanding   of  the     accounting
 evaluation expenditure and recognising a gain                  requirements and application of AASB
 in hyperinflation in the income statement.                     129.
 Details of the restatement can be found in Note
                                                           •    Evaluation of managements adjustments
 24.
                                                                for accuracy.
 The Consolidated Entity has also adjusted
                                                           •    Evaluated the adequacy and disclosure of
 current year results of the Argentinian
                                                                the restatement of the prior period
 operations in line with the accounting policies in
                                                                balances in the financial statements for
 note 1(t).
                                                                compliance with the requirements of
 We considered this to be a key audit matter due                AASB 108 Accounting Policies, Changes
 to the complexity and quantum of the impact on                 in Accounting Estimated and Errors.
 the financial statements.
                                                           •    Assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                included in Note 1(t) and 24 to the financial
                                                                statements.

 Exploration and Evaluation                           Our procedures included, amongst others:
 As disclosed in Note 8, the Consolidated Entity           •    Assessing management’s determination
 had an exploration and evaluation balance of                   of its areas of interest for consistency with
 $23,408,544 as at 30 June 2021.                                the definition in AASB 6. This involved
 Exploration and evaluation expenditure is a key                analysing the tenements in which the
 audit matter due to:                                           Consolidated Entity holds an interest and
                                                                the exploration programs planned for
       •   The significance of the balance to the



                                                                                                     Page | 2
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



         Consolidated Entity’s financial position.          those tenements.
     •   The level of judgement required in             •   For each area of interest, we assessed the
         evaluating management’s application of             Consolidated Entity’s rights to tenure by
         the requirements of AASB 6 Exploration             corroborating to agreements in place.
         for and Evaluation of Mineral                  •   We considered the activities in each area
         Resources (“AASB 6”). AASB 6 is an                 of interest to date and assessed the
         industry specific accounting standard              planned future activities for each area of
         requiring the application of significant           interest by evaluating budgets.
         judgements, estimates and industry
                                                        •   Substantiated a sample of expenditure by
         knowledge. This includes specific
                                                            agreeing to supporting documentation.
         requirements for expenditure to be
         capitalised as an asset and subsequent         •   We assessed each area of interest for one
         requirements which must be complied                or more of the following circumstances that
         with for capitalised expenditure to                may indicate impairment of the capitalised
         continue to be carried as an asset.                expenditure:

     •   The assessment of impairment of                     o   the licenses for the right to explore
         exploration and evaluation expenditure                  expiring in the near future or are not
         requiring judgement.                                    expected to be renewed;
                                                             o   substantive expenditure for further
                                                                 exploration in the specific area is
                                                                 neither budgeted or planned decision
                                                                 or intent by the Consolidated Entity to
                                                                 discontinue activities in the specific
                                                                 area of interest due to lack of
                                                                 commercially viable quantities of
                                                                 resources; and
                                                                 o   data indicating that, although a
                                                                     development in the specific area is
                                                                     likely to proceed, the carrying
                                                                     amount of the exploration asset is
                                                                     unlikely to be recovered in full
                                                                     from successful development or
                                                                     sale.
                                                        •   Examined the disclosures made in the
                                                            financial report.

 Accounting for share based payments                 Our procedures amongst others included:
 As disclosed in Note 14 to the financial               •   Analysing agreements to identify the key
 statements, during the year ended 30 June                  terms and conditions of share based
 2021 the Consolidated Entity incurred share                payments issued and relevant vesting
 based payments expense of $1,290,222.                      conditions in accordance with AASB 2
 Share based payments are considered to be a                Share Based Payments;




                                                                                                Page | 3
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



 key audit matter due to:                                  •   Evaluating     valuation     models      and
          •   the value of the transactions;                   assessing the assumptions and inputs
          •   the complexities involved in the                 used;
              recognition and measurement of               •   Assessing the amount recognised during
              these instruments; and                           the year in accordance with the vesting
                                                               conditions of the agreements; Assessing
          •   the    judgement     involved    in
                                                               the achievement of relevant milestones;
              determining the inputs used in the
                                                               and
              valuations.
                                                           •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                               included in Note 14 to the financial
                                                               statements.


Other Information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Consolidated Entity’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2021, but does not include
the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error. In Note 1, the directors also state in accordance with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 101
Presentation of Financial Statements, that the financial report complies with International Financial
Reporting Standards.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Consolidated Entity’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the
Consolidated Entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                     Page | 4
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial report based on our audit. Our objectives are
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of this financial report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

    •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
        fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
        detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
        as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
        override of internal control.

    •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
        procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
        opinion on the effectiveness of the Consolidated Entity’s internal control.

    •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
        estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                  Page | 5
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



    •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
        and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
        events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Consolidated Entity’s ability to
        continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
        to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if
        such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
        evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
        may cause the Consolidated Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.

    •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
        disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events
        in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

    •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
        business activities within the Consolidated Entity to express an opinion on the financial report.
        We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Consolidated Entity
        audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should
not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

Report on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June
2021. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
remuneration report in accordance with s 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
Australian Auditing Standards.




                                                                                                   Page | 6
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Galan Lithium Limited (Continued)



Auditor’s Opinion

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of the Company, for the year ended 30 June 2021, complies
with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                    MARK DELAURENTIS CA
Chartered Accountants                             Partner


Dated at Perth this 30th day of September 2021




                                                                                         Page | 7
ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not shown elsewhere in this
Annual Report is as follows.

DETAILS OF EQUITY SECURITIES (AS AT 24 SEPTEMBER 2021)

ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS

There are 271,528,752 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 5,195 individual shareholders. Each member
entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy or by attorney and on a show of hands every person who is a
member or a representative or a proxy of a member shall have one vote and on a poll every member present
in person or by proxy or attorney or other authorised representative shall have one vote for each share held.

TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

Fully Paid Ordinary Shareholders                                                   Number        Percentage

Havelock Mining Investment Ltd                                                  16,983,004             6.25%
Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega                                                    16,977,902             6.25%
BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd (DRP)                                                  12,069,247             4.44%
Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       11,274,897             4.15%
Ying Nominees Pty Ltd (Ying Super Fund)                                          8,828,888             3.25%
BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Six Sis Ltd (DRP)                                   5,343,270             1.97%
Ms Margaret Lynette Harvey                                                       4,992,857             1.84%
Leada Holdings Pty Ltd (Leada Investment A/c)                                    4,655,000             1.71%
Mrs Alison Claire Ovenden                                                        4,200,000             1.55%
CS Third Nominees Pty Ltd (HSBC Cust Nom Au Ltd 13 A/c)                          3,996,389             1.47%
Mr Zhaoyang Liu                                                                  3,971,425             1.46%
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Ltd – A/c 2                                    3,608,099             1.33%
Clive Jones (The Alyse Investment A/C)                                           3,552,090             1.31%
Mr Terry James Gardiner                                                          3,548,600             1.31%
Mr Bradley William Smith                                                         3,170,000             1.17%
MR T J Gardiner + MRS V H Gardiner (Terry James Gardiner F/Fund)                 2,900,000             1.07%
Brispot Nominees Pty Ltd (House Head Nominee A/c)                                2,802,601             1.03%
BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (IB Au Noms Retailclient DRP)                       2,788,572             1.03%
BNC Global Investments                                                           2,700,000             0.99%
Ms Jane Lea Allnut                                                               2,264,636             0.83%


                                                                               120,627,477            44.43%


VOTING RIGHTS

Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes (at present there are
none) at general meetings of shareholders or classes of shareholders:

(a) each shareholder entitled to vote, may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or representative;

(b) on a show of hands, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative
    of a shareholder has one vote; and

(c) on a poll, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative of a
    shareholder shall, in respect of each fully paid share held, or in respect of which he/she has appointed
    a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for the share, but in respect of partly paid shares
    shall have a fraction of a vote equivalent to the proportion which the amount paid up bears to the
    total issue price for the share.

VOTING RIGHTS

There are 171 shareholders who hold less than a marketable parcel of shares.


                                                                                                          71
ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2021

DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE HOLDERS

                                                      Ordinary
                                                        Shares
        1 to       1,000                               660,851
    1,001 to       5,000                             5,155,430
    5,001 to      10,000                             6,405,468
   10,001 to    100,000                             44,597,358
 100,001 and over                                  214,709,645
                                                   271,528,752

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As at report date, the following shareholders are recorded as Substantial Shareholders pursuant to notices
lodged with the ASX in accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act:

 Substantial Shareholder                                                 Ordinary Shares held    % Held

 Raymond Liu/Hongze Group Ltd/Havelock Mining Investments Ltd                      18,054,432     7.60%
 Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega and associated entities                              17,289,932     7.28%

The percentage set out above is based on the total issued share capital at the date of ASX notification
of substantial shareholder interest.

SHARE BUY-BACKS

There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.

OTHER INFORMATION

Galan Lithium Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by
shares.

INTEREST IN MINING TENEMENTS (AS AT 24 SEPTEMBER 2021)

Argentina (Hombre Muerto projects) - 100% right, interest and/or title

DECEO I, II & III
CANDELA I - VI
CASA DEL INCA
CATALINA
SANTA BARBARA
PATA PILA
RANA de SAL
PUCARA
DEL CONDOR

Australia (Greenbushes South project) – 80% (G) Granted or (P) Pending


E70/4690 (G)                                      P70/1699 (P)
E70/4790 (G)                                      P70/1700 (P)
E70/4629 (P) (*)                                  P70/1701 (P)
E70/4777 (G)                                      P70/1702 (P)
E70/4889 (P)                                      P70/1703 (P)
E70/5680 (G)                                      P70/1704 (P)
P70/1698 (P)
(*) 100%




                                                                                                       72
