            ACN 149 349 646

 AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES




ANNUAL REPORT
    30 June 2022
CONTENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




  Corporate Directory                                                        1

  Directors’ Report                                                          2

  Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                        44

  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   45

  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                              46

  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               47

  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                          48

  Notes to the Financial Statements                                         49

  Directors’ Declaration                                                    75

  Independent Auditor’s Report                                              76

  Additional Shareholder Information                                        81
CORPORATE DIRECTORY
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022



Directors

Richard Homsany (Non-Executive Chairman)
Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (Managing Director)
Chris Chalwell (Non-Executive Director)
Terry Gardiner (Non-Executive Director)
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu (Non-Executive Director)
Daniel Jimenez (Non-Executive Director)

CFO

Graeme Fox

Company Secretary

Mike Robbins

Registered Office

Level 3, 30 Richardson Street
West Perth, WA, 6005
Ph: +61 8 9322 6283
Fax: +61 8 9322 6398
Email: admin@galanlithium.com.au
Website: www.galanlithium.com.au

Auditors

Hall Chadwick
283 Rokeby Road
Subiaco WA 6008

Share Registry

Advanced Share Registry Limited
110 Stirling Highway
Nedlands WA 6009

Home Stock Exchange Listing

Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX) – Perth, Australia

ASX Code - GLN

FSX Code - 9CH




                                                                  1
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

The Directors submit their report on Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan) and its controlled
entities (the Group) for the financial year ending 30 June 2022 (the year).

Galan is a company limited by shares that is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its listed equity
securities are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).

1.      DIRECTORS & OFFICERS

The names and details of the Company’s Directors in office during the year and until the date of this report
are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire year unless otherwise stated.

Richard Homsany - Non-Executive Chairman

Experience

Mr Homsany is an experienced corporate lawyer who has extensive board and operational experience
in the resources and energy sectors. He is Executive Chairman of ASX listed Toro Energy Limited (ASX:TOE),
Executive Vice President, Australia of TSX listed Mega Uranium Ltd (TSX:MGA), Chairman of Health
Insurance Fund of Australia Ltd and the principal of Cardinals Lawyers and Consultants, a boutique
corporate and energy & resources law firm.

Other listed directorships

Redstone Resources Limited                 Since November 2007
Toro Energy Limited                        Since December 2013
Brookside Energy Limited                   Since February 2020

Interest in shares and options

959,067 ordinary shares
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)
1,500,000 performance rights

Juan Pablo (‘JP’) Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director

Experience

JP is a Chilean/Australian mineral industry professional with 20 years’ broad experience in ASX listed mining
companies, stockbroking and private equity firms. JP has been a specialist lithium analyst in Australia, has
also operated a private copper business in Chile and has worked for BHP, Rio Tinto and Codelco. He was
the founder of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd, the vendor of the original Argentinian assets and has been Galan’s
Managing Director since mid 2018.

Other listed directorships

Nil

Interest in shares and options

17,346,932 ordinary shares
5,000,000 Class B performance shares
500,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)
3,000,000 performance rights

Christopher William Chalwell - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Chalwell was previously the COO SKILLED Workforce Services Western Mining Region. He has been
involved in the gas to coal conversion of the Mica Creek Power station in Mt Isa and the Pasminco Century
Mine in north Queensland. Extensive experience with feasibility studies, commercial reviews for project
funding, contract appraisal and award.



                                                                                                           2
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Other listed directorships

Nil

Interest in shares and options

3,100,001 ordinary shares
750,000 performance rights

Terry James Gardiner - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Gardiner has 25 years’ experience in capital markets, stockbroking & derivatives trading and prior to
that had many years trading in equities & derivatives for his family accounts. Currently a Director of
boutique stockbroking firm Barclay Wells Limited, a Non-Executive Director of Cazaly Resources Ltd and
Non-Executive Chairman of Charger Metals NL plus non-executive positions with other ASX listed entities.

Other listed directorships

Cazaly Resources Limited since December 2016.
Roto-Gro International Limited since July 2019.
Charger Metals NL since August 2021

Interest in shares and options

6,580,487 ordinary shares
500,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)
1,500,000 performance rights

Daniel Jimenez - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Jimenez is a civil industrial engineer and MBA who previously worked for the world leader in the lithium
industry Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) for
28 years based in Santiago, Chile, Belgium and the USA. His last position was as Senior Vice President
Commercial Lithium, Iodine and Industrial Chemicals where he formulated the commercial strategy and
marketing of SQM’s industrial products and was responsible for over US$900 million worth of sales.

Other listed directorships

Nil

Interest in shares and options

2,342,713 ordinary shares
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)
1,500,000 performance rights

Jinyu (Raymond) Liu - Non-Executive Director

Experience

Mr Liu is a mining executive with extensive experiences in the mineral project development and
investment. Mr Liu is the director of Heritage Minerals and the Founding Partner of Havelock Mining
Investment, a Hong Kong investment company and has been involved with numerous investments in ASX
listed companies. Mr Liu has worked for Fosun Group, Rio Tinto, KCGM and Mt Gibson Iron. He was formerly
a director of Okapi Resources Ltd.


Other listed directorships

Okapi Resources Limited (October 2017 – May 2021)

                                                                                                         3
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Interest in shares and options

18,135,860 ordinary shares
1,000,000 $0.21 options (expire 8 October 2023)
750,000 performance rights

Graeme Fox – Chief Financial Officer

Mr Fox commenced in February 2022 and is a qualified accountant and experienced business analyst,
with over 25 years of experience in the mining, contracting and transport industries, with a focus on
strategic planning, financial modelling, investment evaluation, management accounting and
compliance. During the last 20 years, Graeme’s career has been focussed in the resources sector,
including diverse roles throughout the value chain, working with BHP, WMC & Macmahon.

Mike Robbins - Company Secretary

Mr Robbins has over 25 years resource industry experience gathered at both operational and corporate
levels, both within Australia and overseas. During that time, he has held numerous project and head office
management positions and is also Company Secretary for Cazaly Resources Limited.

2.      DIVIDENDS

No dividend has been paid during the year and no dividend is recommended for the year.

3.      DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

The number of Directors’ meetings held and conducted during the financial year and the number of
meetings attended by each Director are:

                                                                               Meetings
                                                                            No.           No.
                                                                        Eligible     Attended

 Mr Homsany                                                                   5              5
 Mr Vargas de la Vegas                                                        5              5
 Mr Chalwell                                                                  5              4
 Mr Gardiner                                                                  5              5
 Mr Jimenez                                                                   5              4
 Mr Liu                                                                       5              4

For details of the function of the Board and any relevant committees please refer to the Corporate
Governance Statement on the Company’s website at www.galanlithium.com.au.

4.      PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company during the course of the financial year consisted of mineral
exploration, evaluation and development.

5.      RISKS

The Group actively manages a range of financial and non-financial business risks and uncertainties which
can potentially have a material impact on the Group and its ability to achieve its goals and objectives.
While every effort is made to identify and manage material risks and emerging risks, additional risks not
currently known or detailed below may also adversely affect future performance.

Exploration Risk

Mineral exploration and development are high risk undertakings due to the various levels of inherent
uncertainty. There can be no assurance that exploration of the Group’s tenements, or of any other
tenements that may be acquired by the Group in the future, will result in the discovery of economic
mineralisation. Even if economic mineralisation is discovered there is no guarantee that it can be
commercially exploited.



                                                                                                        4
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Economic

General economic conditions, introduction of tax reform, new legislation, the general level of activity
within the resources industry, investor sentiment, movements in interest and inflation rates, currency
exchange rates and changes in commodity prices may have an adverse effect on the Group’s
exploration, development and possible production activities, as well as on its ability to fund those
activities.

Resource Estimates

The Group’s main projects may contain JORC Code compliant resources. There is no guarantee that a
JORC Code compliant resource will be discovered on any of the Group’s other tenements. Resource
estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry practice.
Estimates which were valid when originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or
techniques become available. In addition, by their very nature, resource estimates are imprecise and
depend to some extent on interpretations which may prove to be inaccurate. As further information
becomes available through additional fieldwork and analysis the estimates are likely to change.

Access Risks – Cultural Heritage and Native Title

The Group must comply with various country specific cultural heritage and native title legislation including
access agreements which require various commitments, such as base studies and compliant survey work,
to be undertaken ahead of the commencement of mining operations.

Joint Ventures

The Group has and may have additional options where it can increase its holding in the selective assets
by achieving or undertaking selected milestones. The Group’s ability to achieve its objectives and earn
or maintain an interest in these projects is dependent upon it and the registered holders of those
tenements complying with their respective contractual obligations under joint venture agreements in
respect of those tenements.

Environmental Risks

The operations and proposed activities of the Group are subject to each project’s jurisdiction, laws and
regulations concerning the environment. As with most exploration projects and mining operations, the
Group’s activities are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if advanced
exploration or mine development proceeds. Any future legislation and regulations governing exploration,
development and possible production may impose significant environmental obligations on the Group.

There can be no assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies,
once implemented, will not oblige the Group to incur significant expenses and undertake significant
investments in such respect which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Climate Change

The Group recognises that physical and non-physical impacts of climate change may affect assets,
productivity, markets and the community. Risks related to the physical impacts of climate change include
the risks associated with increased severity of extreme weather events and chronic risks resulting from
longer-term changes in climate patterns. Non-physical risks and opportunities arise from a variety of
policy, legal, technological and market responses to the challenges posed by climate change and the
transition to a lower carbon world.

Sovereign, Political and Title Risk

The Group has overseas interests which are subject to the risks associated with operating in a foreign
country. These risks may include economic, social or political instability or change, hyperinflation,
currency non-convertibility or instability and changes of law affecting foreign ownership, exchange
control, exploration licensing, export duties, investment into a foreign country and repatriation of income
or return of capital, environmental protection, land access and environmental regulation, mine safety,
labour relations as well as government control over petroleum properties or government regulations that
require the employment of local staff or contractors or require other benefits be provided to local
residents.

                                                                                                          5
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

The Group may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing its rights with respect to government
instrumentalities because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. Any project interest may be affected by
changing political conditions and changes to laws and/or resource policies.

The commitment by local businesses, government officials and agencies and the judicial system to abide
by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain, creating particular concerns
with respect to licences and agreements for business. These may be susceptible to revision or
cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed. There can be no assurance that joint
ventures, licences, licence applications or other legal arrangements will not be adversely affected by the
actions of government authorities or others and the effectiveness and enforcement of such arrangements
cannot be assured. Further, there is no guarantee that any applications for tenements will be granted or
granted on conditions satisfactory to the Group.

The Group cannot guarantee that the licences and/or tenements in which it may acquire an interest, if it
completes the acquisition, or any other licences and/or tenements in which it has or may acquire in the
future, will be renewed beyond their current expiry date and there is a material risk that, in the event the
holder of those licences and/or tenements is unable to renew any of them beyond their current expiry
date, all or part of the Group’s interests in the corresponding projects may be relinquished. Further, there
is no guarantee that any applications for mining licences and/or tenements will be granted or granted
on conditions satisfactory to the Group.

The Group’s future operations may be affected by changing political conditions and changes to laws
and mineral and/or mining policies. The effects of these factors cannot be accurately predicted and
developments may impede the operation or development of a project or even render it uneconomic.

6.       OPERATIONS & CORPORATE REVIEW

OPERATIONS

Safety

The Company continued its successful safety record with no recorded lost time injuries (LTI’s) since the
2021 annual report.

ESG

The Company has formed a collaborative partnership with Circulor Ltd (Circulor) to establish full lithium
traceability and dynamic CO2 and environmental, social and governance (ESG) tracking for its lithium
brine assets, in Argentina’s Lithium triangle.

Galan has been implementing Circulor’s solution to help its future market products to meet sustainability
objectives for ethical sourcing, CO2 transparency and other ESG performance metrics (e.g. water
consumption). Circulor’s solution us being used during Galan’s feasibility study by tracking samples from
its pilot lithium carbonate plant to marketable product. This partnership provides Galan with full
traceability of their lithium supply chain




                                                                                                          6
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Mineral Resources

Hombre Muerto West

On 17 November 2020, Galan announced a revised JORC (2012) reported Mineral Resource estimate for
the Hombre Muerto West lithium brine project of a world class 2.3 million tonnes LCE @ 946mg/l Li. The
resource estimate was completed by the Company’s consultants SRK Consulting (Australasia) (SRK) and
was conducted by their Australian based team.

The initial Hombre Muerto West resource estimate (ASX: GLN 12 March 2020) was updated by SRK on 22
June 2020 to include the acquisition of the Deceo III concession, adjacent to the Pata Pila licence area
and the resource estimate was re-classified from Inferred to Indicated. SRK have now updated the HMW
resource based on the recent acquisition of the Del Condor concession and a review of specific yield
values used in the resource calculations. The key HMW concessions (Del Condor, Deceo III, Pata Pila and
Rana de Sal; see figure 1) have been combined to produce a total indicated resource of approximately
2.3 million tonnes of contained lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) product grading at 946mg/l Li (with no
Li cut off). A summary of the HMW mineral resource, is provided in the Mineral Resource Statement (Table
1).

Candelas

The mineral resource estimation was undertaken by SRK Consulting (Australasia) (SRK) and was based
upon results from drill holes within the Candelas tenement holdings for a total of 3,537 metres. The mineral
resource estimates undertaken by SRK were determined for lithium and potassium. Lithium is reported as
lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) equivalent, and potassium as potassium chloride (KCI). Table 1 below
provides a summary of the resource reported in accordance with the JORC Code guidelines. According
to SRK, the Candelas Mineral Resource represents geologically well-defined zones of brines hosting high-
grade lithium. It is comprised of significant Li bearing hydrogeologic domains. The sedimentological units
hosting the Li brines are laterally extensive and show some variation in thickness along strike and depth.

The Mineral Resource estimate (see GLN ASX announcement dated 1 October 2019) displayed in Table
1 was used for the preparation of the PEA of the Candelas Project. The total mine of life production is 25
years to produce around 364kt LCE. The Study uses a predicted Li recovery of 61.6%, hence the total initial
resource to feed the project is estimated at 590kt LCE. This represents around 86% of the total resource of
Candelas using a cut-off grade of 500mg/l Li.

         Table 1: Mineral Resource Statement for Hombre Muerto West and Candelas North (November 2020)


       Resource         Brine Vol.                             Avg. Li        LCE         Avg. K       In situ K      KCI Equiv.
                                            In situ Li (Kt)
       Category           (Mm3)                                (mg/l)         (Kt)                       (Kt)            (Kt)
                                                                                          (mg/l)
                                              Hombre Muerto West: Sand Domain
       Indicated           430                   407            945          2,166         8,720        3,753           7,157
                                             Hombre Muerto West: Gravel Domain
       Indicated            12                    12            947            61          8,804         107             204
                                             Hombre Muerto West: Halite Domain
       Indicated             8                    8             946            40          8,846          70             134
      HMW Total            450                   426            946          2,267         9,725        3,931           7,496
                                                        Candelas North (*)
       Indicated           196                   129            672           685          5,193        1,734           3,307
                                                   Galan’s Resource Inventory
     Grand Total           646                   555            858          2,952         8767         5,665           10,803


NB.; no cut-off grade for HMW, Li: 500mg/l cut off for Candelas North, no cut off for K based on 325,012,500 m3 volume. These
results refer to the drainable porosity, the specific yield (SY) values used are as follows: Sand – 12.5%, Gravel – 6% and Halite –
4%. There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding. The conversion for LCE = Li x 5.3228, KCl = K x 1.907.
(*) The Candelas North Mineral Resource Statement was originally announced by Galan on 1 October 2019.
There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.

For more detailed technical information surrounding the resources please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 17 November
2020 entitled ‘Huge Increase in Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Resource – Now Over 2 Million Tonnes’ and to the JORC Code
Tables attached to that announcement and the December 2020 Quarterly Activities Report dated 29 October 2020.


                                                                                                                                   7
 DIRECTORS’ REPORT
 Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




Figure 1: Galan’s HMW and Candelas concessions (in blue) have a current combined total Indicated Resource of ~ 3Mt
                                                LCE @ 858mg/l Li




                                                                                                                8
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Hombre Muerto West

Updated PEA

On 9 December 2021, Galan announced the results of an updated Preliminary Economic Assessment
(“PEA”) study for its 100% owned flagship Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project in the Catamarca Province
in Argentina (Figure 2).

Refer to Cautionary Statement at the end of the Directors Report.

The original PEA (as per ASX announcement dated 21 December 2020) was based on an average Li price
of US$11,687/t to the year 2040. The updated HMW economic study uses the same conservative Li price
of US$18,594/t as used in the study for Galan’s second project (Candelas) (as per ASX announcement
dated 30 November 2021). The updated economic study retains the original production profile of 20,000
tonnes per annum of battery grade lithium and no changes or improvements were made to Capex/
Opex estimations used in the original PEA study. The updated economic study results also reflected recent
changes to the tax legislation in Argentina.

The preparation of the Project’s original PEA was disclosed on 21 December 2020 was carried out by
several well-regarded consultants. The mineral resource estimate was prepared by SRK, the lithium
recovery method was designed by Ad-Infinitum, while Worley Chile reviewed the potential recovery
method, the project’s potential layout and infrastructure, capital and operating cost estimates and
preliminary economic evaluation. The other sections of the original PEA were managed by employees of
Galan Lithium Limited. The updated economic study results were managed by Ad-Infinitum and
employees of Galan.

Key financial comparative highlights are presented in Table 2.

                 Table 2: Preliminary Economic Assessment Comparative Results – HMW Project

                                                                  Original PEA             Updated PEA
Parameters                                        Units
                                                               Values 21 Dec 2020        Values 9 Dec 2021
Lithium Carbonate Production                  Tonnes/year             20,000                  20,000
Project Life Estimate (excluding ramp-up)        Years                  40                      40
Capital Cost (CAPEX)                             US$M                  439                     439
Capital Cost (ex-contingency and                                       338                     338
                                                  US$M
indirects)
Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)           US$/tonne               3,518                  3,518
Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2025-2040)       US$/tonne              11,687                  18,594
Average Annual EBITDA                            US$M                   174                    287
Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                  US$M                  1,011                  2,193
After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                US$M                   684                   1,338
Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)              %                    22.8                   37.5
After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)            %                    19.1                   33.1
Payback Period (After-Tax)                       Years                  4.3                    2.75

Since the completion of the original HMW PEA Study, Galan confirmed laboratory lithium chloride
concentrations of 6% Li and confirmed production of lithium carbonate battery grade of 99.88% LCE from
its concentrate.

Please note that apart from the revised lithium price assumption detailed below, no other changes or
improvements were made to production or Capex/Opex estimations that were used in the original PEA
study (as per ASX release dated 21 December 2020).




                                                                                                         9
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                   Figure 2: Hombre Muerto West Concessions, Catamarca Argentina




                                                                                   10
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Market and Contracts

The battery grade lithium carbonate price forecast (for the period 2025-2040) utilised to run the economic
evaluation of The Project was taken from the 18th Edition Update 1 - October 2021 (v2) of the Lithium
Market developed by Roskill (*). Galan has assumed a conservative view to long term lithium pricing. As
a result, Galan has taken a mid-point between the long-term pricing between the 17th and 18th Editions
from Roskill of US$18,594/t.

In November 2021, Roskill expected contract prices for lithium carbonate battery grade and hydroxide
to remain near to or above US$25,000/t on a long-term real (inflation adjusted) basis. After softening in
2019 and 2020, prices on a nominal basis the long-term lithium carbonate battery grade price is projected
to rise to around US$30,000-40,000/t.

Strong demand growth for refined lithium products is forecast to be sustained by expanding production,
new market entrants and the draw-down of stockpiled material through to 2026, though a fundamental
supply deficit is expected to form in the late 2020s. Significant further investment in expanding production
capacity at existing operations, in addition to new projects and secondary lithium sources will be
necessary to meet projected demand growth through to 2030.

Figure 3 displays the forecast of the lithium carbonate price.




         Figure 3: Long Term estimate of the Contracted Price of Battery Grade Li2CO3 Developed by Roskill



The average lithium carbonate price for the period 2025-2040 is US$18,594/t. This price is estimated on a
real base, excluding the impact of the inflation.

(*) Roskill was formed in 1930 and have a rich heritage in understanding complex commodity supply
chains and global trends and translating their knowledge into meaningful insights. The company’s global
team is headquartered in London and boasts representation across six continents. Roskill were acquired
by Wood Mackenzie in June 2021, combining the two companies’ capabilities in order to provide
comprehensive, integrated analysis, data, and insight from across the value chain.

Economic Evaluation

The updated economic evaluation of the HMW Project was conducted following the industry standards
for this project stage. A discount rate of 8% was utilised for present value calculations.

Forecasted lithium carbonate prices for the period 2020-2040, utilised for the economic evaluation, were
provided by Roskill. The lithium carbonate price for the period from 2041 onwards was left constant, at
the 2040 value, as indicated by Galan.

The updated economic results also reflect relevant changes to the tax legislation in Argentina at the time.

                                                                                                             11
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

No potential potassium credits were included in the economic evaluation. The key assumptions and
results of the economic evaluation are displayed in Tables 3 and 4 respectively.
                           Table 3: Key Assumptions Utilised for the Economic Evaluation

                                                                                                  Updated PEA
                                                                       Original PEA
Assumption                                       Units                                           Values 9 Dec 2021
                                                                    Values 21 Dec 2020
Lithium Carbonate Production                     Tonnes/year                      20,000                    20,000
Project Life Estimate                            Years                                40                        40
Discount Rate                                    %                                     8                         8
Royalty                                          %                                     3                         3
Corporate Tax                                    %                                    25                        35
Dividend Payment Withholding Tax                 %                                    10                         7
Capital Cost (CAPEX)                             US$ m                               439                       439
Sustaining Capital                               US$ m                               116                       116
Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)             US$/tonne                         3,518                     3,518
Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2020-2040)         US$/tonne                        11,687                    18,594

                               Table 4: Economic Evaluation Results of HMW Project

                                                                       Original PEA               Updated PEA
Parameters                                            Units         Values 21 Dec 2020           Values 9 Dec 2021
                                                                                           (1)

Average Income                                        US$m                             258                     376
Average Provincial Royalty                            US$m                               6                    11.3
Average Operating Expenses                            US$m                              70                      70
Average Corporate and Withholding Taxes               US$m                              55                     119
Average Annual EBITDA                                 US$m                             174                     287
Average Annual Operational Free Cash Flow             US$m                             117                     190
Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                       US$m                           1,011                   2,193
After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                     US$m                             684                   1,338
Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                 %                               22.8                    37.5
After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)               %                               19.1                    31.1
Payback Period (After-Tax) (2)                        Years                            4.3                    2.75

   (1) - the Average figures for the income, Provincial Royalty, Operating Expenses, Corporate and Withholding
   Taxes, EBITDA and Operational Free Cash Flow have been estimated only considering the full production time
   of the operating period.
   (2)- Payback years after the end of the investment period.

HMW Project Within the Lithium Cost Curve

The lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve was prepared by Roskill based on the information updated
to September 2021.

The All-in Production cost includes the cash operating cost plus the sustaining capex and royalty cost
adjusted to a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t.

Figure 4 displays the lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve and the location of the HMW (left in red) as
well as Candelas project (in the middle in orange) within the industry cost curve. The cost curve shows
that Galan’s Projects could be a low-cost competitive solution as both projects sit within the first half of
the cost curve




                                                                                                                 12
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                Figure 4: Lithium Production Cost Curve (source: Roskill – Lithium Cost Model Service)


Note: 2021 costs have been adjusted to reflect a royalty rate for a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t.

In November 2021, the Company received the essential government permits from the Ministra - Ministerio
de Mineria (Mine Minister) in Catamarca to build its Stage 1 pilot plant and new camp accommodation
at its HMW lithium brine project. These permits were critical path items for the HMW feasibility study and
upon grant, the entire Galan project team mobilised to Argentina and the pilot plant and camp
construction activities commenced.

During December 2021, Galan announced the Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) tender and analysis for
the HMW Project had been completed and that the HMW DFS would be led by Hatch.

Hatch is an independent, well credentialed firm that has been working with Galan’s close knit, highly
experienced group of consultants, including Ad-Infinitum, SRK and WSP, along with their own project
teams set-up in Argentina, Chile and Australia.

Pilot Plant progress

The construction of the first evaporation pond (S1, covering approximately 3,000m2) of the HMW Project
Pilot Plant was completed in late March 2022 (Figure 6). Brine filling of the pond evaporation testing was
commenced.

This was a major milestone given that it marked the commencement of large-scale piloting activities at
the HMW Project. The data set to be obtained from this initial evaporation trial will allow the calibration of
the simulation model to predict the completion time for achieving the first batch of brine concentrate
with 6% of Li contents produced by the Pilot Plant.

A new expanded camp has been operational since mid-January 2022 with an additional 24-man camp
being purchased and commissioned at the HMW site.

Galan has also recently applied for a new 200-person capacity camp facility to be located at the HMW
Project.

The facility will deliver the additional accommodation capacity necessary for the commencement and
completion of all construction activities required to take the HMW Project into commercial production. In
parallel, the current operational camps at the HMW and Candelas Projects will continue to support
Galan’s exploration and piloting activities across these assets. These camps will also provide overflow
accommodation and messing support during the most intensive construction phases at the HMW Project.

In mid-July 2022, Galan appointed Ausenco Limited as the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA)
consultant for the HMW Project. The EIA is an integral part of the current DFS for the HMW Project and is
being developed and managed in parallel with Hatch, manager of the DFS process. Ausenco is being
assisted by a group of seasoned professionals with significant experience in the Catamarca Province.

Galan is undertaking additional HMW Project studies that are required prior to making any investment
decision. This, along with other manning issues, has moved the expected DFS completion to Q1 of 2023.



                                                                                                              13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                    Figure 5: Brine from pumping well PBPP-1-21 located at Pata Pila




                              Figure 6: Evaporation Pond S1 Construction


                                                                                       14
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




   Figure 7: Aerial view of S1 pond filling with brine with camp and the Hombre Muerto salt flat in the background

Extensional Drilling Success

As announced on 7 April 2022, Galan completed its first drill hole in its latest drilling campaign at HMW.

Diamond drillhole, PP-02-22, was completed to a depth of 450m at Pata Pila. The Pata Pila licence covers
large alluvial fan areas lying adjacent to Livent Corporation’s (NYSE: LVHM) tenure (Figure 8). Results
confirmed the HMW Project Mineral Resource extends to the east at depth, delivering further resource
and potential production upside:

    •   Extends brine potential a further 800m from existing drillhole (PP-01-19) to within 1km of the
        neighbouring Livent tenement boundary.
    •   Downhole geophysics indicate high porosity intervals, particularly the sand units equating to high
        specific yield (porosity) and hydraulic conductivity.
    •   Core logs and cuttings reveal detailed units with abundant sand-dominant lithologies showing
        strong indicators for brine-bearing production aquifers.

The key purpose of PP-02-22 was to extend knowledge in the Pata Pila licence area so as to build-out the
hydrogeological models required to confirm Reserve estimates at the HMW Project. The drillhole was
designed to provide key geological data for testing extension to the existing HMW Project Mineral
Resource, in both horizontal and vertical dimensions, from the salar limits.

Excellent recovery of drill core and cuttings from PP-02-22 revealed a highly detailed stratigraphic profile
downhole. The new borehole revealed lithologies dominated by unconsolidated fine to medium sized
sand for the majority of the 450m, apart from the topmost interval. Here, the top 90m of the hole consists
of interbeds of gravel and fine to medium sands. Mud density measurements taken throughout the drilling
confirm brines are present, typically 1.2g/ml or higher.

Downhole geophysical logging using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) was undertaken to provide
an accurate porosity and pore size distribution of the sediments, among other variables. The key results
from this work include:



                                                                                                                     15
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

   •    Confirmation of the conceptual geological model for the upgradient portion of the Pata Pila
        alluvial fan, corresponding to a thick sedimentary sequence (435 metres):
             o Main presence of sands between approximately 90 and 280 m bls. This interval is
                  estimated to have a relatively high specific yield and hydraulic conductivity.
             o Further presence of sands between 355 and 435 m bls. This interval is estimated to have
                  a high hydraulic conductivity, similar to the upper sand interval.
   •    NMR results indicates high porosity values for the overall sequence where specific yield values
        were generally estimated to be greater than 10%, with zones that exceed 20% and 30%. The
        higher values are closely related to the sand intervals.
   •    The drilling and geophysical results allowed for the identification of hydrogeological basement
        rock at a depth of 450 m bls. This depth corresponds to previously identified geoelectric unit
        through surface geophysics. This allows the use of this method to better constrain the conceptual
        model in the surrounding areas.

Analysis of the Zelandez results suggest favourable zones for potential brine extraction at PP-02-22. With
the presence of thick sections containing medium-coarse clastic sediments in the upper 280 m and lower
355 m to 435 m bls, specific yield and hydraulic conductivity values are interpreted to be high in general.

The results from PP-02-22 have delivered substantial confirmation of, and further potential upside to, the
existing Mineral Resource estimate at the HMW Project.




                        Figure 8: Location of Pata Pila Drillhole PP-02-22 at HMW Project


                                                                                                        16
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Well pump testing program

Pata Pila

The constant rate test was performed for 72 hours and observed with three (3) different piezometers.
Aquifer response during the pumping test indicated favorable conditions (permeability) for brine
production with expected flowrates between 15 – 20 L/s per well at Pata Pila.

Fourteen brine samples were collected throughout the duration of the test and analyzed for lithium (Li) at
the Alex Stewart laboratory. Chemical results positively confirm a high-grade brine resource, with an
increasing Li grade during pumping, stabilising at approximately 910 mg/L (see Figure 9 for results). The
site operations and sampling procedures were supervised by SRK Consultants.

The 30-day long term pumping test at the first Pata Pila well (PPB-01-21) was successfully completed at
the end of July. The sustained pumping rates were solid, ranging between 17 and 20 L/s. More than 150
brine samples were collected during this testing phase, with laboratory analysis returning an average Li
grade of 874 mg/L (from a range of 821 to 927 mg /L).

The hydraulic testing of the second pumping well at Pata Pila (PPB-02-22) is set to commence shortly. This
well is located approximately 800m upgradient in the Pata Pila alluvial fan (see Figure 11).




      Figure 9 – Brine lithium grade (mg/L) results obtained during the 72 hours constant rate test at PPB-01-21.




                                                                                                                    17
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                      Figure 10 – Brine discharge at PPB-01-21 during long term pumping test.

Rana de Sal

As announced on 31 August 2022, the first pumping well at Rana de Sal (PBRS-01-21) commenced its
hydraulic testing. Following an initial step test, a 72-hour constant rate and recovery test was performed.
During this test, the pumping rate was stabilised at 20 L/s and drawdown was measured in three
monitoring wells. Eighteen (18) brine samples were also collected during this testing phase, with laboratory
analysis returning outstanding Li grades ranging between 932 and 957 mg/L, with a mean of 945 mg/L
(see Figure 11).

A long term (30-day) pumping test is set to commence shortly on PBRS-01-21, with an expected initial flow
rate in the range of 22 to 27 L/s.

Pumping tests are expected to conclude in early October 2022. All data obtained during the testing
campaign is being analysed by SRK as part of the development of the Resource and Reserve model for
the HMW Project.




           Figure 11 – Brine lithium grades results (mg/L) for PBRS-01-21 during 72-hour constant rate test

                                                                                                              18
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Porosity test (RBRC) outcomes at Pata Pila

Data from the first batch of twenty (20) core samples obtained from the Pata Pila Diamond Drillhole
undergoing Relative Brine Release Capacity (RBRC) testing has been received. These analyses were
conducted at the Daniel B. Stephens & Associates (DBS&A) laboratories based in Albuquerque, USA. The
RBRC results are positive with specific yield values consistent with reported values in the literature for
medium-to-fine sand lithologies, and as previously described with respect to the core samples. The RBRC
values ranged between 10.1% and 21.0%, with a mean specific yield value of 14.1%.

A batch of 39 core samples are being tested at the Daniel B. Stephens & Associates (DBS&A) laboratory
based in Albuquerque USA for Relative Brine Release Capacity (RBRC). This second batch of
representative samples was selected by SRK hydrogeologists from the brine-host aquifer at three (3)
different locations distributed between the Pata Pila and Rana de Sal. Samples were taken from drillholes
PPZ-02-22, PZRS-01-22 and RS-02-22 (see Figure 12).

A third batch of 34 core samples has been selected by SRK site geologists and are in transit to the DBS&A
laboratory. This batch includes samples from the recently completed RS-03-22 exploration drillhole (410m
total depth) at Rana de Sal.




                     Figure 12 – Location of pumping and exploration wells at HMW Project




                                                                                                       19
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Exploration Drilling

Exploration drilling continues at the HMW Project with the next drillhole (CI-01-22) located at Casa del
Inca (Figure 12). This drillhole is designed to validate the potential hydrogeological extension of the brine
reservoir between the Pata Pila alluvial fan and salar margin below recent lava flows in Casa del Inca, as
suggested by surface resistivity surveys.

Drilling at CI-01-22 shows a fractured basalt unit overlying unconsolidated sands and gravels. The drillhole
was completed to a depth of 155m. Following the finalization of CI-01-22, drilling will commence in del
Condor (DC-01-22; see Figure 12) with the aim of improving certainty in the area connecting Rana de Sal
and Pata Pila for the updated resource.


Candelas

On 30 November 2021, Galan announced the results of the PEA for its 100% owned Candelas Project also
in the Catamarca Province, Argentina. The PEA, at a minimum, complies with the Canadian NI 43-101
regulation known as a PEA and is equivalent to a JORC Scoping Study.

The Study estimated a production profile of 14,000 tonnes per annum of battery grade lithium carbonate
product including some technical grade product for the first three (3) years. The PEA process has provided
significant economic outcomes for the Candelas Project which Galan believes can be optimised and
enhanced further to refine the Project’s obvious potential.

The preparation of the Candelas Project’s PEA was managed by Ad Infinitum and Galan’s Project
Manager for the engineering inputs including the recovery method, project layout and infrastructure,
capital cost and operating cost estimates and overall economic evaluation. The other sections of the
study were managed by consultants and employees of Galan Lithium Limited.

Key financial highlights are presented in Table 5.
                       Table 5: Preliminary Economic Assessment Results – Candelas Project


          Parameters                                             Units                  Values

          Lithium Carbonate Production                       Tonnes/year                14,000
          Project Life Estimate (excluding ramp-up)             Years                     25
          Capital Cost (CAPEX)                                  US$M                     408
          Capital Cost (ex-contingency and
                                                                 US$M                        302
          indirects)
          Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)                US$/tonne                  4,277
          Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2025-2040)            US$/tonne                 18,594
          Average Annual EBITDA                                 US$M                      188
          Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                       US$M                     1,225
          After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                     US$M                      660
          Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                   %                      27.9
          After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                 %                      20.9
          Payback Period (After-Tax)                            Years                    4.75

Refer to Cautionary Statement at the end of the Directors Report.




                                                                                                          20
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Project Background

Location

The Candelas Project is part of the Hombre Muerto basin, one of the most globally prolific salt flats,
located in the Argentinean Puna plateau of the high Andes mountains at an elevation of approximately
4,000 m above sea level. The Project is in the geological province of Altiplano Puna, 90 km north of the
town of Antofagasta de la Sierra, province of Catamarca, Argentina as shown in Figure 13. The Project is
located to the East and South of the Salar del Hombre Muerto. Candelas lies approximately 40km ESE of
the Hombre Muerto West project under feasibility study, also by Galan. The Candelas Project is hosted
within a ~15km by 3-4km wide structurally controlled basin that has infilled with sediments that host the Li
bearing brines.

The Candelas Project is in close proximity to other world class lithium projects owned by Allkem , Posco
and Livent. It is around 1,400 km northwest of the capital of Buenos Aires and 170 km west-southwest of
the city of Salta (in a straight line).

Tenements

The Candelas Project comprises fourteen exploration permits (Candelas and Jazmin), covering an area
of ~24,072 hectares.

Design work shows the Candelas brine wells will be located in the North of the Candelas tenements. The
main objective of these wells is the extraction of brine, rich in lithium, from the Salar which is then pumped
to the first preconcentration solar evaporation ponds. The preconcentration and precipitation ponds will
be located in the east of the Candelas tenements away from the Rio De Los Patos river that feeds the
salar.

Climate

The climate in the Candelas Project area is classified as cold, high-altitude desert with sparse vegetation.
Solar radiation is intense (especially during the summer months of October to March) resulting in high
evaporation rates. Very strong winds are also typical, reaching speeds up to 80 km/h during the dry
season. However, in summer, warm to cool winds normally develop after midday and reduce in strength
during the evening hours.

Precipitation data from meteorological sources showed a mean annual precipitation of around 86.4 mm.
Precipitation typically occurs between the months of December and March, during which about 82% of
annual rain fall occurs. From April to November, it is typically dry with average daily mean temperatures
of approximately 5.3°C




                                                                                                           21
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                       Figure 13: Candelas Concessions, Catamarca Argentina




                                                                              22
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Mining and Process Methodology

Brine Extraction

The brine extraction will be pumped via eleven production wells, including contingency for maintenance
purposes. The pumped raw brine will be pumped to a surge pond then onto the first pond of the
evaporation ponds system. The total average raw brine flow required to feed the evaporation ponds
system is 204 l/s.

Recovery Method

The process defined and designed for the Candelas Project is based on conventional evaporation ponds
as preconcentration and purification and a lithium carbonate plant, all defined to produce 14,000tpa of
battery grade Li2CO3.

The process obtains brine from wells located in the North of the Candelas tenements, within the properties
of the project. This brine will be pumped to the pre-concentration ponds, from where the first pond will
be fed. Through the action of solar radiation, wind and other environmental conditions, water will
evaporate from the brine, generating a change in the equilibrium point of this liquid, which will prompt
the precipitation of salts and the concentration of lithium present in this brine. Two separate reagent
additions are designed to facilitate the precipitation of impurities as particular salts thereby not
precipitating the lithium present in the brine as much as possible. Once this brine reaches a lithium
concentration suitable for the treatment in the lithium carbonate plant, it will be stored in reservoir ponds
to be available to feed the Li2CO3 Plant. Lithium is lost to the ponds as minor seepage, entrainment and
minor co-precipitation.

For more information on the Mining and Process Methodology please refer to the ASX Announcement
dated 30 November 2021 entitled ‘Excellent Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for Candelas
Project in Catamarca, Argentina.’

Project Layout & Infrastructure

The Candelas Project has developed a layout allowing for the ponds to not interfere with the aesthetics
of the Rio De Los Patos river channel and the main thoroughfare in the region. The brine wells are located
within the river channel, whilst the evaporation ponds system, lithium carbonate plant, water wells, camp,
etc. are located between 150 and 300 m uphill from the valley floor. The location of the evaporation
ponds will be further investigated to investigate and improve the project’s future economics.

The raw brine flow coming from the wells field will be collected by a tank from where it will be pumped
150 m uphill to the buffer pond. From this first pond, the brine will commence the evaporation sequence
through the ponds system.

Figure 14 shows the planned Candelas Ponds layout.

The evaporation ponds system has an effective evaporation area of 509 Ha. The system has been
designed to fit with the topography, and the brine flow between ponds will be mainly carried out through
gravity where the pumping between ponds will be minimised.

The lithium carbonate plant was located next to the ponds reservoir and close to the main access to the
project. The totality of the utilities (water, power, reagent plants, etc.) are located in the same area. The
administration area including the camp, mess, offices, warehouse, etc. is also situated within walking
distance of the lithium carbonate plant.

For more information on the Project Layout & Infrastructure please refer to the ASX Announcement dated
30 November 2021 entitled ‘Excellent Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for Candelas Project in
Catamarca, Argentina.’




                                                                                                          23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                                      Figure14: Candelas Ponds Layout


Environmental and Social Studies

The Candelas Project has an existing permit to run exploration and project studies related activities. Galan
is analysing the environmental footprint for the project in order to organize the coming activities.

Market and Contracts

The battery grade lithium carbonate price forecast (for the period 2025-2040) utilised to run the economic
evaluation of The Project was taken from the 18th Edition Update 1 - October 2021 (v2) of the Lithium
Market developed by Roskill (*). Galan has assumed a conservative view to long term lithium pricing. As
a result, Galan has taken a mid-point between the long-term pricing between the 17th and 18th Editions
from Roskill of US$18,594/t.

Roskill expects contract prices for lithium carbonate battery grade and hydroxide to remain near to or
above US$25,000/t on a long-term real (inflation adjusted) basis. After softening in 2019 and 2020, prices
on a nominal basis the long-term lithium carbonate battery grade price is projected to rise to around
US$30,000-40,000/t .

Strong demand growth for refined lithium products is forecast to be sustained by expanding production,
new market entrants and the draw-down of stockpiled material through to 2026, though a fundamental
supply deficit is expected to form in the late 2020s. Significant further investment in expanding production
capacity at existing operations, in addition to new projects and secondary lithium sources will be
necessary to meet projected demand growth through to 2030.

Figure 15 displays the forecast of the lithium carbonate price.




                                                                                                         24
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




        Figure 15: Long Term estimate of the Contracted Price of Battery Grade Li2CO3 Developed by Roskill


The average lithium carbonate price for the period 2025-2040 is US$18,594/t. This price is estimated on a
real base, excluding the impact of the inflation.

Capital (CAPEX) Estimate

Technical Scope
The present study addresses the design at a PEA level for the construction of a battery-grade Lithium
Carbonate Production Plant, which mainly considers brine extraction wells, solar evaporation ponds, brine
treatment plant, purification plant for magnesium, calcium and boron, lithium carbonate plant, drying,
micronizing, packing and storage of lithium carbonate for an annual production of 14,000 tonnes.

Capex Estimate

Table 6 presents a summary of the capital cost estimate (CAPEX) required for the implementation of the
Candelas Project in accordance with the scope developed and all the information available in this stage.


                                Table 6: Capital Cost Estimate of Candelas Project


                       Description                                            US$ M

                       Brine Wells and Brine Transport                         20.6
                       Evaporation Ponds System                               143.2
                       Ponds Reagent Plant                                     11.2
                       Lithium Carbonate Plant                                 51.9
                       Lithium Carbonate Reagent plants                        12.3
                       Utilities                                               29.1
                       Infrastructure                                          33.7
                       Total Direct Cost                                      302.0
                       Total Indirect Cost                                     30.2
                       Total Capex without contingency                        332.2
                       Contingency (30%)                                       75.5
                       Total Capex                                            407.7


For more information on the Capex Estimate please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 30 November
2021 entitled ‘Excellent Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for Candelas Project in Catamarca,
Argentina.’




                                                                                                             25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Operating Cost (OPEX) Estimate

The scope for the Candelas Project considers the development of engineering documents that are
necessary for the elaboration of a study at the PEA level, specifically for a Lithium Carbonate Plant, which
will produce 14,000 tpa of battery grade Li2CO3.
                                Table 7: Operating Cost Estimate of Candelas Project


                          Description                                          US$/t LCE

                         Reagents                                                1,344
                         Water                                                     60
                         Salt Harvesting and Stockpiles                           466
                         Power and Diesel                                         892
                         Wages                                                    361
                         Transport                                                204
                         Camp and Mess                                            184
                         Maintenance                                              465
                         Direct Costs                                            3,976
                         G&A                                                      301
                         Total                                                   4,277

For more information on the Opex Estimate please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 30 November
2021 entitled ‘Excellent Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for Candelas Project in Catamarca,
Argentina.’

Candelas Project Within the Lithium Cost Curve

The lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve was prepared by Roskill based on the information updated
to September 2021. The All-in Production cost includes the cash operating cost plus the sustaining capex
and royalty cost adjusted to a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t.

Figure 16 displays the lithium carbonate equivalent cost curve and the location of the Candelas Project
as well as HMW project within the industry cost curve. The cost curve shows that Galan’s Projects could
be a low-cost competitive solution as both projects sit within the first half of the cost curve




                Figure 16: Lithium Production Cost Curve (source: Roskill – Lithium Cost Model Service)


Note: 2021 costs have been adjusted to reflect a royalty rate for a lithium carbonate price of US$12,500/t with
Candelas costs inclusive of royalty rate at the price received.

Project Timetable

Galan has defined a base program to perform additional studies for Candelas Project prior to make any
investment decision. These studies may involve a PFS and FS stages. In parallel, the definition and
completion of the EIA study and subsequent application for the exploitation permit will be conducted.


                                                                                                                  26
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

The base of this Study has assumed to be a stand-alone and independent from the Study and/or potential
development of the HMW project. Galan needs to review and rank which project would be developed
first. Furthermore, the Galan has now two potential production fronts and would also review to integrate
Candelas Project with the more advanced HMW Project.

Economic Evaluation

The economic evaluation of the Candelas Project was conducted by Galan and Ad Infinitum following
the industry standards for this type of exercise. A discount rate of 8% was utilised for running the evaluation.

The forecast of lithium carbonate prices for the period 2025-2040 utilised for the economic evaluation was
provided by Roskill. The lithium carbonate price for the period beyond 2041 a continuation of this price.

The tax and royalty assumptions were provided by Galan and no potential potassium credits were
included in the economic evaluation. The key assumptions and results of the economic evaluation are
displayed in Tables 8 and 9 respectively.

                 Table 8: Key Assumptions Utilized for the Economic Evaluation of Candelas Project


       Assumption                                                    Units                  Values

       Lithium Carbonate Production                              tonnes/year                 14,000
       Project Life Estimate                                        Years                      25
       Discount Rate                                                  %                        8
       Royalty                                                        %                        3
       Corporate Tax                                                  %                        35
       Dividend Payment Withholding Tax                               %                        7
       Capital Cost (CAPEX)                                         US$M                      408
       Sustaining Capital                                           US$M                       99
       Average Annual Operating Cost (OPEX)                       US$/tonne                  4,277
       Average Li2CO3 Selling Price (2025-2040)                   US$/tonne                  18,594
       Weighted Average Li2CO3 Selling Price LoM                  US$/tonne                  19,392


                             Table 9: Economic Evaluation Results of Candelas Project


       Parameters                                                    Units                  Values

       Average Income                                                US$M                     261
       Average Provincial Royalty                                    US$M                      8
       Average Operating Expenses                                    US$M                     58
       Average Corporate and Withholding Taxes                       US$M                     70
       Average Annual EBITDA                                         US$M                     188
       Average Annual Operational Free Cash Flow                     US$M                     126
       Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                               US$M                    1,225
       After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV)                             US$M                     660
       Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                           %                     27.9
       After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                         %                     20.9
       Payback Period (After-Tax)                                    Years                   4.75

For more information on the Sensitivity Analysis please refer to the ASX Announcement dated 30
November 2021 entitled ‘Excellent Preliminary Economic Assessment Results for Candelas Project in
Catamarca, Argentina.’




                                                                                                             27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Greenbushes South

The Greenbushes South lithium projects (held in a joint venture between Galan (80%) and Lithium Australia
Ltd (ASX:LIT) (20%)) are located south of Perth and ranges between the towns Donnybrook and Nannup
in the Southwest portion of Western Australia. Three major projects are comprised of four granted
tenements and 2 pending tenements. The flagship project, Greenbushes South (E70/4790, E70/6263 –
formerly E70/4889, P70/1702 & P70/1703) is located 3 km south of the of the world-class Greenbushes
Lithium Mine which is owned and managed by Talison Lithium Pty Ltd. The Kirup Project (E70/4690,
E70/4777, E70/5680) is located near the town of Donnybrook, and the Donnelly Project (E70/6264 –
formerly E70/4629), is located in the Donnelly Forest 30 km south of the Greenbushes Mine (this project is
100% owned by Galan). These projects are linked by their relationship and proximity to Donnybrook-
Bridgetown Shear Zone (DBSZ) which is the main mineralizing fault found at the Greenbushes Mine.

Over the past year Galan has conducted geologic mapping, surface sampling (soils and rock chips), and
airborne geophysical surveys. Geologic mapping focused on delineating the surface expression of the
DBSZ. Surface sampling primarily consisted of soil sampling in an attempt to use pathfinder elements, such
as Sn, Ta, As, Cs, and Rb in soils to show potential for lithium-bearing pegmatites below the surface.
Geophysical surveys methods included magnetic, radiometric, and elevation data. While the soil
sampling and mapping has focused at the Greenbushes South project, airborne surveys have been
completed over the projected strike of the DBSZ.

Airborne geophysics processed and key target zones identified

An airborne geophysical survey campaign was also conducted by Thomson Airborne with data being
transferred to Southern Geoscience Consultants (SGC), to interpret results for potential lithium targets. A
total of 7,622 km was flown at heights between 45 and 65 m. The geophysical survey acquired high-
resolution magnetics and radiometrics above all Galan tenements (Figure 17).

On 15 June 2022, the Company announcement headed “First Pegmatite Lens Discovered at
Greenbushes South’, provided the following update:

Galan has received the processed data and target generation report from the recent airborne
geophysical survey campaign for its Greenbushes South tenement (E70/4790). This survey provided high-
resolution radiometric and magnetic data from a fixed-wing aircraft flying at an average of 45 metres of
terrain clearance, a significant improvement for resolution over previous publicly available data sets
(Figure 18).

SGC provided processing and interpretation of this new data as well as the development of key target
zones for lithium-bearing pegmatites. Target generation incorporated structural and lithological
information (provided by the airborne data), as well as field mapping and surface geochemistry
undertaken by Galan.

The new magnetic, radiometric and DEM data gives more precision to the location of the mineralising
Donny-Brook Bridgetown Shear Zone (DBSZ), associated with the Greenbushes pegmatite. The final report
from SGC identified twelve (12) pegmatite targets within Galan’s granted E70/4790 tenement, and an
additional six (6) pegmatite targets within Galan’s pending tenements (Figure 19).




                                                                                                        28
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




               Figure 17: Location of Greenbushes South tenements and geophysical survey areas




  Figure 18: RTP Magnetic data comparison; 2015 GSWA data (left) and new 2022 airborne campaign data (right).

                                                                                                                29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




   Figure 19: Potential pegmatite target locations for follow-up exploration activities with the first key target site
 sampled and mapped being GS11. Pink line highlights inferred trace of the Donny-Brook Bridgetown Shear Zone
                                                        (DBSZ).

Sampling and mapping program commenced; pegmatite outcrop discovered

Following the above, Galan initiated a soil sampling and field mapping program over the first of the newly
identified targets on E70/4790.

Field mapping activities over the GS11 target area revealed an outcrop of approximately 200 m long by
40 m wide pegmatite. This pegmatite has similar macroscopic mineralogy to those pegmatites described
at the Greenbushes Lithium Mine to the north. The assemblages are albite-quartz ± microcline ± muscovite
± garnet. The pegmatite lens hosts several tourmaline-rich zones at a metre scale and is recognized by
coarse-grained tourmaline and high abundances of interstitial albite quartz and muscovite (Figure 20).

During the reporting period a total of 491 soil samples were taken from two target locations. Soils were
taken at 50 m spacing along transects space 75 – 100 m apart. In November to December, samples were
taken at the northern edge of Galan’s E70/4790 tenement and at the mapped location of the
Donnybrook Bridgetown Shear Zone. Pathfinder elements such as arsenic (As) and antimony (Sb) show
elevated levels in soil samples near the trace of the DBSZ. When combined with historical data this
indicates the potential for pegmatite targets within Galan’s pending tenements to the north. Other
pathfinder elements such as tin (Sn) and rubidium (Rb) show a lag signal east of the DBSZ. These elevated
values of Sn are interpreted as coming from up topography and within Galan’s pending tenements.



                                                                                                                         30
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

In May 2022, Galan submitted geochemical assays from the soil sampling grids traversing the initial
pegmatite discovery. The results confirm anomalous concentrations of lithium up to 215 ppm as well as
for pathfinder elements such as As and Cs. A further 170 assays from this soil sampling program are
pending, as well as the assays for 15 rock chip samples taken from the earlier mapped pegmatite
outcrops. The returned soil results were assayed using the UltraFine+ assay technique that delivers high
fidelity multi-element analysis derived from the ultrafine (< 2 μm) fraction of soil samples. The UltraFine+
method is an analytical process flow developed by CSIRO and LabWest which often returns stronger
signals well above instrumental detection limits, usefully increasing signal-to-background ratios. Galan has
now submitted all historical soil samples from Greenbushes South to be re-assayed utilising this method.

The Company has received the first batch (65 in total) of geochemical assays from the soil sampling grids
traversing the initial pegmatite discovery. The results confirm anomalous concentrations of lithium up to
212 ppm (see Figure 20).




 Figure 20: Outcrop Location and field photographs; a) Map of field location and soil sampling grid, red rectangle in
  the inset shows map boundary; b) Field photograph of outcropping pegmatite lens (pink line delineates mapped
                                      boundary); c) Photograph of pegmatite.
                                                                                                                   31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022




                Figure 21: Li in soil assay results spatially associated with mapped pegmatite.




                                                                                                  32
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Ground Geophysics

A pilot study utilising ground-based geophysical techniques to explore blind (buried) pegmatite targets
has been completed in the Greenbushes South project areas. The survey consists of passive seismic (HSVR)
and gravity surveys conducted by Atlas Geophysics. Data processing is underway and results are
expected to be available in late September 2022. Additionally, a resistivity study is also planned to be
completed by GBG in the next few weeks to further aid in defining the orientation of pegmatite at depth.
These will help identify drilling targets which plans are being developed for planned for early 2023

Conservation Management Plan for pending tenements

Galan has been working with an environmental consultant and with the Department of Biodiversity,
Conservation and Attractions for the Conservation Management Plans for its planned exploration
activities on pending Greenbushes South tenements (E70/4623- formerly E70/4889, P70/1702 & P70/1703)
and at the Donnelly Project (E70/6264 – formerly E70/4629). The CMP outlines the proposed exploration
and prospecting activities, management, and communications for work within the Hester State Forest
and the Donnelly Forest. Galan has provided the DBCA with its planned soil sampling and ground
geophysics activities within these state forests. Once these Conservation Management Plans are
approved by staff at DBCA then the pending tenements applications for granted status be submitted for
ministerial approval.


CORPORATE

At the end of the 2022 financial year, the Group had cash reserves of $53,894,847 (2021: $15,570,917).

Personnel

In early February 2022, Mr Graeme Fox was appointed to the role of Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mr Fox
is an Australian CPA qualified accountant and experienced business analyst, with over 25 years of
experience in the mining, contracting and transport industries, with a focus on strategic planning,
financial modelling, investment evaluation, management accounting and compliance.

The Company also made the key appointment of Mr Alavaro Henríquez as Geology Manager in July
2022.

Mr Henríquez is a Chilean based hydrogeologist with over 20 years’ applied geology and hydrogeology
experience in the mining industry. He has led many exploration and production operations across Chile,
Argentina, Australia and the United States. Alvaro’s experience includes 11 years at SQM, where he served
as the Hydrogeology Superintendent. He was responsible for the operational management of the Salar
de Atacama lithium and potash brine reservoir evolution forecast for supporting short, medium and long-
term mining plans. Alvaro was also responsible for the design, execution, and supervision of
hydrogeological exploration campaigns, as well as the conceptual and numerical hydrogeological
modelling. Álvaro is a Registered Competent Person in Mining Resources and Reserves evaluation at
Comisión Calificadora de Competencias en Recursos y Reservas Mineras de Chile (part of CRIRSCO) and
has previously signed off as the Competent Person on SQM technical reports.

Equity Issues

Placement

On 13 August 2021, the Company announced the completion of a A$50 million (before costs) placement
to institutional, sophisticated and professional investors, at A$1.15 per share to accelerate the
development of its strategic lithium projects in Argentina and Australia.

Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited acted as Lead Manager and Bookrunner to the placement.

The issue of 25,872,594 Shares Tranche 1 shares, under that placement, was completed on 20 August 2021
under the Company’s existing 7.1 and 7.1A placement capacity. Shareholder approval for the
completion of tranche 2 (17,605,667 Shares) of the Placement was obtained from shareholders at a
general meeting held on 12 October 2021. The issue of the tranche 2 placement shares was finalised on
18 October 2021.




                                                                                                         33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Shares

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, Galan issued 16,272,015 fully paid ordinary Shares
(excluding the above placement Shares) in the Company, as follows:

•           9,724,371 Shares upon the conversion of $0.25 options expiring 31/3/22 (fully converted);
•           4,141,550 Shares upon the conversion of $0.21 options expiring 8/10/23;
•           150,000 Shares upon the conversion of $0.90 options expiring 7/5/24;
•           104,094 Shares to a consultant in lieu of services provided;
•           2,000,000 Shares upon the conversion of $0.25 options expiring 1/12/21;
•           140,000 Shares to the vendor of the Candelas project; and
•           12,000 Shares for Donnelly River data

Options

On 31 December 2021, a total of 500,000 options, exercisable at $1.30 on or before 24/12/24, were issued
to an employee.

Performance Shares

On 25 February 2022, the Company issued 9,000,000 Director Performance Rights to the Galan directors
on the terms and conditions approved by shareholders at the Galan AGM on 28 January 2022.

                                              Performance Rights Details
    Vesting         ASPM            Vargas       Homsany      Gardiner     Chalwell     Jimenez             Liu
    Hurdle                            de la
                                      Vega
    H1              $2.25           400,000        200,000      200,000     100,000      200,000        100,000
    H2              $2.50           400,000        200,000      200,000     100,000      200,000        100,000
    H3              $3.00           400,000        200,000      200,000     100,000      200,000        100,000
    H4              $3.25           900,000        450,000      450,000     225,000      450,000        225,000
    H5              $3.50           900,000        450,000      450,000     225,000      450,000        225,000
    Total                         3,000,000      1,500,000    1,500,000     750,000    1,500,000        750,000

The hurdles are based on the Company’s adjusted share price milestone (ASPM) of the Shares. The price
target ascribed to the performance hurdles is the VWAP over 20 consecutive Trading Days on which
Shares are traded in the 5 years from issue, adjusted to reflect various types of changes in Share
issues/splits/consolidations, Share price, bonus issues, dividends/capital returns, cash/scrip/in specie
distributions.

Once the relevant ASPM is reached, the corresponding Right vests and each vested Right gives the holder
the option to formally subscribe for one Share, before the date that is 15 years from the date of issue of
the Right. A Right will expire on the date that is 5 years from its date of issue.

On 14 April 2022, the Board awarded a total of 1,500,000 performance rights to key personnel in the Galan
management team. The performance rights have the same hurdles and terms and conditions as those
awarded to the Directors and were issued on 22 April 2022.

In regard to COVID-19, Galan remains committed to delivering on our goals whilst maintaining high safety
standards for our employees, contractors and consultants by adhering to the recommended practices
mandated by the authorities in Australia, Argentina and Chile.

Financial

The loss after tax for the year was $5,082,886 (2021: $907,891).

Cash and cash equivalents as at year end were $53,894,847 (2021: $15,570,917).

Exploration expenditure, including acquisitions, for the year was $9,479,077 (2021: $2,003,062) (excluding
share valuations capitalised). All of this expenditure was on the Company’s various lithium brine projects
in the Hombre Muerto salar in Argentina and the Greenbushes South lithium project in Australia. There was
$209,170 in exploration expenditure written off for the year (2021: $ Nil).


                                                                                                             34
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Net administration expenses and employee benefits for the year totalled $2,185,952 (2021: $1,561,626).

7.      SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS

There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial
year.

8.      AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS

Issue of Shares

On 5 August 2022, a total of 97,729 fully paid ordinary shares were issued in lieu of services provided by
two consultants. On the same date, a further 30,950 fully paid ordinary shares were issued upon the
conversion of $0.21 options.

On 26 August 2022, 41,840 fully paid ordinary shares were issued in lieu of a 12-month investor marketing
and generation campaign.

Issue of Performance Shares

On 12 August 2022, the Board awarded a total of 850,000 performance rights to key personnel in the
Galan management team. The performance rights have the same hurdles and terms and conditions as
those awarded to the Directors. The performance rights were issued on 26 August 2022.

Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

9.      FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS, PROSPECTS AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES

The Directors continue the Group’s strategy for the advancement of Shareholders’ interests and asset
values through well-defined work programmes on the Group’s tenements and to implement a growth
strategy to seek out further exploration, acquisition and joint venture opportunities.

Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Group and expected results of
those operations in future financial years has not been included in this report because disclosure of the
information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.

10.     ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES

The Group aims to comply with or exceed its environmental performance obligations. The Board believes
that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental requirements.
The Group strives to ensure the appropriate standard of environmental care is achieved, and in doing so,
that it is aware of and is in compliance with all environmental legislation. The Directors are not aware of
any breach of environmental legislation for the financial year under review.

11.     REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited)

The remuneration report is set out under the following main headings:

A       Remuneration Philosophy
B       Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements
C       Remuneration and Performance
D       Equity Based compensation
E       Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting
F       Related Party Information
G       Details of Remuneration
H       Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of
the Corporations Act 2001. The remuneration arrangements detailed in this report are for the key
management personnel comprising the Non-Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Non-Executive
Directors.
                                                                                                         35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

A         Remuneration Philosophy

Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
activities of the Company. The performance of the Company depends upon the quality of its key
management personnel. To prosper the Company must attract, motivate and retain appropriately skilled
directors and executives.

The Company’s broad remuneration policy is to ensure the remuneration package properly reflects the
person’s duties and responsibilities and that remuneration is competitive in attracting, retaining and
motivating people of the highest quality.

B         Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements

The Company has in place letters of engagement for all Non-Executive Directors. The Directors hold office
until the next annual general meeting at which point one third of the directors retire by rotation and will
be eligible for election as a Director at that meeting in accordance with the Company’s Constitution.

The Directors’ appointments will automatically cease in the event that they give notice to the Board of
their resignation as a Director or if they retire by rotation and are not re-elected as a Director by the
Shareholders of the Company. More-over their appointment will be terminated immediately if, for any
reason, they are disqualified or prohibited by law from being or acting as a Director or from being involved
in the management of a Company.

The last remuneration increases for the following Non-Executive Directors was on 1 July 2020:

      •   Mr Homsany (Non-Executive Chairman) - $60,000 per annum plus statutory superannuation
      •   Mr Gardiner (Non-Executive Director) - $50,000 per annum plus statutory superannuation
      •   Mr Chalwell (Non-Executive Director) - $36,000 per annum plus statutory superannuation
      •   Mr Liu (Non-Executive Director) - $36,000 per annum plus statutory superannuation

On 1 July 2022, Mr Jimenez had his annual rate increased to $US144,000 per annum.

On 1 April 2021, the Board increased the remuneration rate for Mr Vargas de la Vega ( Managing Director)
to $280,000 per annum plus statutory superannuation

Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is based on fees approved by the Board of Directors (from within
the remuneration pool approved by Shareholders from time to time at a general meeting) and is set at
levels to reflect market conditions and encourage the continued services of the Directors. The current
shareholder approved remuneration pool is $300,000 per annum.

The Company does not offer any variable remuneration incentive plans or bonus schemes to Non-
Executive Directors.

The Company is an exploration and development entity and therefore speculative in terms of
performance. Consistent with attracting and retaining talented executives, directors and senior
management personnel are paid market rates associated with individuals in similar positions within the
same industry.

C         Remuneration and Performance
During the reporting period, Director remuneration was not linked to either long term or short- term
performance conditions. The Board feels that the terms and conditions of options, performance rights
and shares held by Directors are a sufficient, long-term incentive to align the goals of the Directors with
those of the shareholders to maximise shareholder wealth.

D         Equity Based Compensation

Options and performance rights are issued to directors, employees and consultants. The options and
performance rights may be subject to performance criteria, and are issued to directors, employees and
consultants to increase goal congruence between executives, directors and shareholders. Options and
performance rights do not carry any dividend or voting rights. Any option and performance right issues
to directors requires shareholder approval.


                                                                                                         36
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11.         REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

On 25 February 2022, the Company issued a total of 9,000,000 Director Performance Rights to the Galan
Directors on the terms and conditions approved by shareholders at the AGM held on 28 January 2022.

                                         Number of Performance Rights
    Vesting       ASPM            Vargas    Homsany       Gardiner    Chalwell            Jimenez              Liu
    Hurdle                          de la
                                    Vega
    H1            $2.25           400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000             200,000        100,000
    H2            $2.50           400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000             200,000        100,000
    H3            $3.00           400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000             200,000        100,000
    H4            $3.25           900,000     450,000       450,000    225,000             450,000        225,000
    H5            $3.50           900,000     450,000       450,000    225,000             450,000        225,000
    Total                       3,000,000   1,500,000     1,500,000    750,000           1,500,000        750,000

The following parameters were used to value the performance rights (with an underlying base share price
of $1.52 and each with a 5-year issue life):

                                        Fair Value at
                          Number of      Grant Date     Estimated                    Share Price at       Risk Free
Allottee                     Rights         per Right    Volatility   Hurdle Price     Grant Date     Interest Rate


Directors                 1,200,000          $1.410           90%           $2.25            $1.52         1.645%
Directors                 1,200,000          $1.387           90%           $2.50            $1.52         1.645%
Directors                 1,200,000          $1.346           90%           $3.00            $1.52         1.645%
Directors                 2,700,000          $1.326           90%           $3.25            $1.52         1.645%
Directors                 2,700,000          $1.307           90%           $3.50            $1.52         1.645%

The hurdle price is based on the Company’s adjusted share price milestone (ASPM) of the Shares. The
price target ascribed to the performance hurdles is the VWAP over 20 consecutive Trading Days on which
Shares are traded in the 5 years from issue, adjusted to reflect various types of changes in Share
issues/splits/consolidations, Share price, bonus issues, dividends/capital returns, cash/scrip/in specie
distributions.

Once the relevant ASPM is reached, the corresponding Right vests and each vested Right gives the holder
the option to formally subscribe for one Share, before the date that is 15 years from the date of issue of
the Right. A Right will expire on the date that is 5 years from its date of issue.

E           Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting

The adoption of the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 was put to the
shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 28 January 2022. The Company
received 98% FOR vote (from valid proxies), of those shareholders who exercised their right to vote, in
favour of the remuneration report for the 2021 financial year. The resolution was passed without
amendment via a poll, with a 97% FOR vote. The Company did not receive any specific feedback at the
AGM or throughout the year on its remuneration practices.

F           Related Party Information

Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $Nil (2021: $380,208) in capital raising fees for the 2022 financial year.
Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive Director,
Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

The Company received $57,480 (2021: $79,620) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.




                                                                                                                37
  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
  Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

  11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

  The Company paid a total of $113,950 (2021: $96,500) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
  Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
  Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

  Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid a total of $228,995 (2021:$69,113) in legal fees for the 2022 financial
  year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as the Galan Non-
  Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd.

  G         Details of Remuneration

  The key management personnel of the Company are the Managing Director, Non-Executive Chairman
  and Non-Executive Directors. Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the
  Company are set out below:

                      Short-term Benefits                Post-   Other      Equity Based             Total     Performance
                                                       Employ- Long-term       Payment                           Related
                                                         ment   Benefits
                                                       Benefits
           Salary      Cash     Non-cash     Other      Super-   Other   Equity    Options/
                       profit    benefit              annuation                    Rights (v)
                       Share
              $          $          $             $       $          $         $          $            $             %
Mr Richard Homsany – Non-Executive Chairman (i)
  2022     64,200        -          -             -     1,800        -         -       166,158       232,158       71.6%
  2021     60,000        -          -             -     5,700        -         -       81,655        147,355       55.4%
Mr Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega – Managing Director
  2022     280,000       -          -        50,000    33,000        -         -       332,317       695,317       47.8%
  2021     269,413       -          -             -    22,325        -         -       122,482       414,220       81.4%
Mr Terry Gardiner – Non Executive Director
  2022     50,000        -          -             -     5,000        -         -       166,158       221,158       75.1%
  2021     50,000        -          -             -     4,750        -         -       122,482       177,232       69.1%
Mr Chris Chalwell – Non Executive Director (ii)
  2022     36,000        -          -             -     3,600        -         -       83,079        122,679       67.7%
  2021     36,000        -          -             -     3,420        -         -       81,655        121,075       67.4%
Mr Raymond Liu – Non Executive Director (iii)
  2022     39,600        -          -             -       -          -         -       83,079        122,679       67.7%
  2021     36,000        -          -             -     3,420        -         -       81,655        121,075       67.4%
Mr Daniel Jimenez – Non Executive Director (iv)
  2022     99,391        -          -             -       -          -         -       166,158       265,549       62.6%
  2021    59,955         -          -             -       -          -         -       81,655        141,610       57.7%
Total Remuneration

  2022     569,191       -          -        50,000    43,400        -         -       996,949     1,659,540       60.1%
  2021     511,368       -          -             -    39,615        -         -       571,584     1,122,567       50.9%

  (i)         In 2022, Mr Homsany was paid a salary a total salary of $60,000 plus statutory superannuation ($66,000).
              $18,000 was paid directly to Mr Homsany plus statutory superannuation of $1,800. The balance of $46,200
              was paid to Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd, a related party of Mr Homsany.
  (ii)        Director fees of $36,000 and superannuation of $3,600 were due and payable to Westdev Pty Ltd, a
              company controlled by Mr Chalwell. An amount of $3,600 was unpaid at 30 June 22.
  (iii)       Outstanding Director fees of $9,900 were due and payable to Mr Liu. These amounts were unpaid at 30
              June 2022.
  (iv)        Director fees of $99,391 ($US72,000) (2021 - $59,955 ($US45,000)) were paid to directly to Mr Jimenez.
  (v)         At the Galan AGM held on 28 January 2022, shareholders approved the issue of 9m performance rights to
              Directors. The total value of the performance rights is $12,080,700, which will be expensed and amortised
              over the 5 year life of the performance rights. The comparative figures reported in 2021, relate to the issue
              of options to Directors (exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023) as approved by shareholders on
              11 September 2020. Refer to note 15 for the performance rights valuation method.



                                                                                                                         38
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11.      REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

H        Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

Share holdings

30 June 2022
                                       Balance                          Options                                 Balance
Name                                1 July 2021       Purchased       Exercised         Sold/Other         30 June 2022
Richard Homsany                         933,259            25,808              -                  -             959,067
JP Vargas de la Vega                 17,289,932            57,000      1,000,000        (1,000,000)          17,346,932
Chris Chalwell                        2,301,878            50,000      1,357,143          (659,020)           3,050,001
Terry Gardiner                        6,398,600            75,000      1,357,143        (1,250,256)           6,580,487
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                  18,054,432            10,000         71,428                  -          18,135,860
Daniel Jimenez                          324,442                 -      2,324,442          (306,171)           2,342,713
Total                                45,302,543          217,808       6,110,156        (3,215,447)          48,425,060
30 June 2021
                                       Balance                           Options                                Balance
Name                                1 July 2020    Purchased (iii)     Exercised        Sold/Other         30 June 2021
Richard Homsany                         933,259                  -                 -                   -        933,259
JP Vargas de la Vega                 12,289,932                  -                 -   5,000,000 (ii)         17,289,932
Chris Chalwell                        3,444,735           357,143                  -    (1,500,000)            2,301,878
Terry Gardiner                        6,041,457           357,143                  -                   -       6,398,600
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                  17,955,870            98,562                  -                   -      18,054,432
Daniel Jimenez                                 -          324,442                  -                   -        324,442
Total                                40,665,253         1,137,290              -          3,500,000           45,302,543


Option holdings

30 June 2022
                                       Balance                                                                  Balance
Name                                1 July 2021     Issued/Other      Exercised             Lapsed         30 June 2022
Richard Homsany                       1,000,000                  -             -                   -           1,000,000
JP Vargas de la Vega                  1,500,000                  -   (1,000,000)                   -            500,000
Chris Chalwell                        1,357,143                  -   (1,357,143)                   -                      -
Terry Gardiner                        1,857,143                  -   (1,357,143)                   -            500,000
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                   1,071,428                  -      (71,428)                   -           1,000,000
Daniel Jimenez                        3,324,442                  -   (2,324,442)                   -           1,000,000
Total                                10,110,156                  -   (6,110,156)                   -           5,000,000
30 June 2021

                                       Balance     Issued/Other                                                 Balance
Name                                1 July 2020          (iii)(iv)    Exercised            Lapsed          30 June 2021
Richard Homsany                          55,554        1,000,000               -          (55,554)            1,000,000
JP Vargas de la Vega                          -        1,500,000               -                   -          1,500,000
Chris Chalwell                           41,666        1,357,143               -          (41,666)            1,357,143
Terry Gardiner                           27,777        1,857,143               -          (27,777)            1,857,143
Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                           -        1,071,428               -                   -          1,071,428
Daniel Jimenez (i)                    2,000,000        1,324,442               -                   -          3,324,442
Total                                 2,124,997        8,110,156               -         (124,997)           10,110,156


(i)     Exercisable at $0.25 on or before 1 December 2021 (approved by shareholders at a general meeting held on
        29 November 2019).
(ii)    On 20 July 2020, 5,000,000 Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and issued
        to Mr JP Vargas de la Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).
(iii)   Purchased under a placement announced 3 April 2020. Placement shares were issued at $0.14 plus one free
        attaching option (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 31 March 2022) on a one for one basis (approved by
        shareholders at a general meeting held on 11 September 2020). Allocation as follows: Mr Chalwell 357,143, Mr
        Gardiner 357,143, Mr Liu 71,428 and Mr Jimenez 324,442.
(iv)    Exercisable at $0.21 on or before 8 October 2023 (approved by shareholders at a general meeting held on 11
        September 2020). Allocation as follows: Mr Homsany 1,000,000, Mr Vargas de la Vega 1,500,000, Mr Chalwell
        1,000,000, Mr Gardiner 1,500,000, Mr Liu 1,000,000 and Mr Jimenez 1,000,000.

                                                                                                                     39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

Performance Rights

At 30 June 2022, the Directors held the following performance rights (as approved by shareholders on 28
January 2022):

 Richard Homsany                          1,500,000
 JP Vargas de la Vega                     3,000,000
 Chris Chalwell                             750,000
 Terry Gardiner                           1,500,000
 Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                        750,000
 Daniel Jimenez                           1,500,000
 Total                                    9,000,000

Performance Shares

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 22 July 2020, 5 million Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).

End of Remuneration Report


12.       OPTIONS AND PERFORMANCE RIGHTS

Options

During, or since the end of the financial year, no options were forfeited, cancelled or expired or lapsed.

Options on Issue

At the date of this report the Company had the following options on issue:

          Expiry Date             Exercise Price        Unquoted Options

          08/10/2023                  $0.21                 5,940,000
          04/02/2024                  $0.65                  500,000
          24/12/2024                  $1.30                  500,000

Performance Rights on Issue

At the date of this report the Company had a total of 11,350,000 performance rights on issue (9,000,000
issued to Directors and 2,350,000 issued to management personnel).

13.       PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
party, for the purposes of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those
proceedings.




                                                                                                        40
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

14.      INDEMNIFYING OFFICERS & AUDITORS

In accordance with the constitution, except as may be prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 every
Officer, or agent of the Company shall be indemnified out of the property of the Company against any
liability incurred by him in his capacity as Officer or agent of the Company or any related corporation in
respect of any act or omission whatsoever and howsoever occurring or in defending any proceedings,
whether civil or criminal. No indemnification has been paid with respect to the Company’s auditor. The
Company has insurance policies in place for Directors and Officers insurance.

15.      NON-AUDIT SERVICES

The auditors have not provided any non-audit services to the Company in the financial year ended 30
June 2022.

16.      AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

The auditor’s independence declaration under Section 307C in relation to auditor’s independence for
the Year ended 30 June 2022 has been received and can be found on page 44.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.




J P Vargas de la Vega
Managing Director
Perth, Western Australia
Date: 29 September 2022

Competent Persons Statements

Competent Persons Statement 1
The information contained herein that relates to exploration results and geology is based on information compiled or
reviewed by Dr Luke Milan, who has consulted to the Company. Dr Milan is a Member of the Australasian Institute of
Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposit
under consideration and to the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent Persons as defined in
the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’.
Dr Milan consents to the inclusion of his name in the matters based on the information in the form and context in which
it appears.

Competent Persons Statements 2
The information relating to the exploration results and integrity of the database was compiled by Mr Francisco Lopez
(Geology) and Mr Alvaro Henriquez (Geology). Mr Lopez and Mr Alvarez are full-time employees of Galan Lithium
Limited. The integrity of the database and site inspection was done by Dr Michael Cunningham, GradDip,
(Geostatistics) BSc honours (Geoscience), PhD, MAusIMM, MAIG, MGSA, FGSL. Dr Cunningham is an Associate Principal
Consultant of SRK Consulting (Australasia) Pty Ltd.

The information in this report that relates to the Mineral Resources estimation approach at Candelas and Hombre
Muerto West was compiled by Dr Cunningham. He has sufficient experience relevant to the assessment and of this
style of mineralisation to qualify as a Competent Person as defined by the “Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)”. Dr Cunningham consents to the
inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Competent Persons Statement 3
The information contained herein that relates to the progress of the laboratory test work and study development
related activities have been directed by Mr. Marcelo Bravo. Mr. Bravo is Chemical Engineer and managing partner of
Ad-Infinitum Spa. with over 25 years of working experience and he is a Member of the Chilean Mining Commission and
has sufficient experience which is relevant to the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent Persons
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves’. Mr. Bravo consents to the inclusion of his name in the matters based on the information in the form and
context in which it appears.

The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information
included in the original market announcements, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters have not
materially changed. The Company also confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings
are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.



                                                                                                                      41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Cautionary Statement

The Preliminary Economic Assessments (PEA’s) are preliminary technical and economic studies
(equivalent to a JORC Scoping Study) of the potential viability of the Hombre Muerto West (HMW) and
Candelas Lithium Brine Projects, required to reach a decision to proceed with more definitive studies. They
are based on preliminary/low-level technical and economic assessments that are not sufficient to support
the estimation of Ore Reserves or provide certainty that the conclusions/results of the PEA will be realised.
Further exploration and evaluation work and appropriate studies are required before Galan will be in a
position to estimate any Ore Reserves or to provide any assurance of an economic development case.

The economic analysis results should be treated as preliminary in nature and caution should be exercised
in their use as a basis for assessing a project’s feasibility. The HMW and Candelas PEA’s were based on
material assumptions including assumptions about the availability of funding. While Galan considers all of
the material assumptions to be based on reasonable grounds, there is no certainty that they will prove to
be correct or that the range of outcomes indicated by the PEA’s will be achieved.

To achieve the range of proposed feasibility studies and potential mine development outcomes
indicated in the PEA’s, additional funding will be required. Investors should note that there is no certainty
that Galan will be able to raise funding when needed. It is also possible that such funding may only be
available on terms that may be dilutive to or otherwise affect the value of Galan’s existing shares. It is also
possible that Galan could pursue other ‘value realisation’ strategies such as a sale, partial sale or joint
venture of the project. If it does, this could materially reduce Galan’s proportionate ownership of its
projects.

All of the material included in the mining schedules used in both PEA’s are within Galan’s Indicated
Mineral Resources.

Process and engineering works for both PEA’s were developed to support capital and operating
estimates (and following AUSIMM Guidelines for this study level), and given the preliminary and
confidential nature of the plant information, the capital cost margin of error is ±30% on the ‘factored
cases’ estimated figures and operating cost is ±30%. Key assumptions used in the PEA’s are outlined in the
ASX announcements dated 30 November 2021 (Candelas) and 21 December 2020 (HMW). An updated
HMW economic study was released to the market, entitled “Updated HMW Economic Study – NPV
Increases to US$2.2b”, on 9 December 2021 where apart from a change to the average long term lithium
price assumption (2024-2040) of US$18,594/t LCE, all other original PEA assumptions were the same as
those contained in the ASX announcement dated 21 December 2020.Galan has concluded it has a
reasonable basis for providing the forward-looking statements in those announcements and this
presentation.

The Mineral Resources information in these PEA reports were extracted from the ASX announcements
entitled “Huge Increase in Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Indicated Resource – Now Over 2 Million Tonnes”
dated 17 November 2020 and “High Grade Maiden Lithium Resource Exceeds Expectations” dated 1
October 2019 available at www.galanlithium.com.au and www.asx.com. Galan confirms that it is not
aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original
market announcements and, in the case of Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves, that all material
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement
continue to apply and have not materially changed. Galan confirms that the form and context in which
the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified.

Given the uncertainties involved, all figures, costs and estimates quoted are approximate values and
within the margin of error range expressed in the relevant sections throughout the ASX announcements
dated 9 December 2021, 30 November 2021 and 21 December 2020. Investors should not make any
investment decisions based solely on the results of the PEA’s.




                                                                                                            42
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Forward Looking Statements

This Annual Report contains forecasts and forward-looking statements which are no guarantee of future
performance and which involve certain risks. Actual results and future outcomes will in all likelihood differ
from those outlined herein. The report should not be construed as an offer or invitation to subscribe for or
purchase securities in Galan. Nor is it an inducement to make offer or an invitation with respect to said
securities.

Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s)”,
“feel(s)”, “believe(s)”, “will”, “may”, “anticipate(s)” and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding future
production, resources or reserves and exploration results. All of such statements are subject to certain risks
and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the
Company, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or
projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to: (i) those relating to the interpretation of drill results, the geology, grade and continuity
of deposits and conclusions of economic evaluations, (ii) risks relating to possible variations in reserves nor
recovery rates and changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, (iii) the potential for
delays in exploration or development activities or the completion of feasibility studies, (iv) risks related to
commodity price and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, (v) risks related to failure to obtain adequate
financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or delays in obtaining governmental approvals or
in the completion of development or construction activities, and (vi) other risks and uncertainties related
to the Company’s prospects, properties and business strategy. Our audience is cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and we do
not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any events.

The Company has not completed definitive feasibility studies on its projects. Accordingly, there is no
certainty that such projects will be economically successful. Resources that are not reserves do not have
demonstrated economic viability.

Lithium classification and conversion factors

Lithium grades are normally presented in mass percentages or milligrams per litre (or parts per million
(ppm)). Grades of deposits are also expressed as lithium compounds in percentages, for example as a
per cent. lithium oxide (Li2O) content or per cent. lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) content.
Lithium carbonate equivalent (“LCE”) is the industry standard terminology for, and is equivalent
to, Li2CO3. Use of LCE is to provide data comparable with industry reports and is the total
equivalent amount of lithium carbonate, assuming the lithium content in the deposit is converted to
lithium carbonate, using the conversion rates in the table included further below to get an equivalent
Li2CO3 value in per cent. Use of LCE assumes 100% recovery and no process losses in the extraction of
Li2CO3 from the deposit. Conversion Factors for Lithium Compounds and Minerals:

Convert from                                Convert to Li          Convert to Li2O        Convert to Li2CO3
Lithium                      Li                 1.000                   2.153                   5.323
Lithium Oxide                Li2O               0.464                   1.000                   2.473
Lithium Carbonate            Li2CO3             0.188                   0.404                   1.000




                                                                                                              43
To the Board of Directors


AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE
CORPORATIONS ACT 2001

As lead audit director for the audit of the financial statements Galan Lithium Limited for the financial year
ended 30 June 2022, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no
contraventions of:

    •   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

    •   any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




Yours Faithfully




HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                                       MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                     Director



Dated this 29th day of September 2022
Perth, Western Australia
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022


                                                                                30 June       30 June
                                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                   Note
                                                                                       $            $



Continuing Operations

Interest revenue                                                     3          101,000         3,239

Gain on hyperinflation                                               9                 -    1,978,431

Other Income                                                         3           58,661       152,708

Total                                                                           159,661     2,134,378



Administration expenses                                                      (1,375,732)    (887,096)

Compliance & regulatory expense                                               (366,590)     (275,349)

Employment expense                                                            (810,220)     (674,530)

Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets                                    (301,755)        86,998

Depreciation                                                                   (15,367)        (2,070)

Share based payments                                                         (2,169,993)   (1,290,222)

Exploration written off                                             16        (202,889)              -

Loss before income tax expenses                                              (5,082,886)    (907,891)

Income tax expenses                                                  4                 -             -

Loss for the year from continuing operations                                 (5,082,886)    (907,891)

Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                           68,797     (641,006)

Other comprehensive income                                                             -             -

Total comprehensive income and net loss for the Year
attributable to the owners of the Company                                    (5,014,089)   (1,548,897)



Basic and diluted weighted average loss per share (cents            14            (1.78)        (0.43)
per share)




                     The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                    45
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 30 JUNE 2022
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022


                                                                                 30 June        30 June
                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                 Note                  $              $


 Current Assets

 Cash and cash equivalents                                         5          53,894,847     15,570,917

 Prepayments                                                                             -        6,177

 Trade and other receivables                                       6              59,239         21,490

 Total Current Assets                                                         53,954,086     15,598,584



 Non-Current Assets

 Financial Assets                                                  7             551,442          4,430

  Plant & Equipment                                                8            2,596,737         91,933

 Exploration and evaluation                                        9          33,020,242     23,408,544

 Total Non-Current Assets                                                     36,168,421     23,504,907



 Total Assets                                                                 90,122,507     39,103,491



 Current Liabilities

 Trade and other payables                                         10           2,507,512        420,342

 Provisions                                                                       83,150         41,963

 Total Current Liabilities                                                     2,590,662        462,305



 Non-Current Liabilities

 Environment Provision                                                           671,474        291,975

 Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                   671,474        291,975



 Total Liabilities                                                             3,262,135        754,280


                                                                              86,860,372     38,349,211
 Net Assets



 Equity

 Issued capital                                                   11          96,254,698     44,384,368

 Reserves                                                         12           2,451,290        727,573

 Accumulated losses                                               13         (11,845,616)    (6,762,730)



 Total Equity                                                                 86,860,372     38,349,211


                       The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                                                                     46
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
  IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022
  Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022



                                                   Issued                   Accumulated           Total
                                        Note      Capital       Reserves         Losses          Equity
                                                        $              $              $               $

Balance at 30 June 2020                        24,801,369       3,160,402      (7,196,312)   20,765,459
Net loss for the year                                   -               -        (907,891)    (907,891)
Other comprehensive income for the
year net of tax                                          -      (641,006)                -     (641,006)
Total comprehensive loss for the year                    -      (641,006)        (907,891)   (1,548,897)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity:
Issue of Equity                                15,334,096               -                -   15,334,096
Equity to be issued                                90,677               -                -       90,677
Equity issued previous year                     (331,096)               -                -    (331,096)
Performance shares issued                       1,075,000     (1,075,000)                -            -
Options exercised                               2,654,165               -                -    2,654,165
Vendor shares                                     717,420        (57,050)                -      660,370
Share issue costs                               (565,783)               -                -    (565,783)
Option valuation                                        -       1,224,404                -    1,224,404
Performance shares issued                               -               -                -            -
Fair value exercised options                      608,520       (608,520)                -            -
Expiry of options                                       -     (1,341,473)        1,341,473            -
Option Reserve                                          -          65,816                -       65,816
Balance at 30 June 2021                        44,384,368         727,573      (6,762,730)   38,349,211
Net loss for the year                                    -              -      (5,082,886)   (5,082,886)
Other comprehensive income for the
year net of tax                                          -         68,797                -        68,797
Total comprehensive loss for the year                    -         68,797      (5,082,886)   (5,014,089)
Transactions with owners recorded
directly in equity:
Issue of Equity                                 50,020,747              -                -    50,020,747
Equity to be issued                                141,695              -                -       141,695
Equity issued previous year                       (90,676)              -                -      (90,676)
Options exercised                                3,935,818              -                -     3,935,818
Vendor shares                                      222,666              -                -       222,666
Share issue costs                              (2,875,000)              -                -   (2,875,000)
Option valuation                                         -        621,979                -       621,979
Performance rights Valuation                             -      1,104,365                -     1,104,365
Fair value exercised options                       515,080      (515,080)                -             -
Option Reserve                                           -        443,656                -       443,656
Balance at 30 June 2022                        96,254,698       2,451,290     (11,845,616)   86,860,372




                     The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                    47
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022


                                                                         30 June       30 June
                                                                            2022          2021
                                                           Note                $             $

    Cash flows from operating activities
    Interest received                                                     101,000         3,239
    Other income                                                           58,661        79,620
    Cash paid to suppliers and employees                              (2,176,531)   (1,573,889)
    Net cash used in operating activities                   16        (2,016,870)   (1,491,030)

    Cash flows from investing activities
    Payments for Property, Plant & Equipment                            (136,662)      (81,486)
    Payments for exploration expenditure                              (8,893,503)   (2,129,028)
    Purchase of exploration assets                                      (705,731)             -
    Payment for investments                                             (848,767)      (30,000)
    Net cash from / (used in) investing activities                   (10,584,663)   (2,240,514)

    Cash flows from financing activities
    Proceeds from issue of equity instruments                         50,000,000    18,220,761
    Proceeds from Option Conversion                                     3,940,996            -
    Payment for share issue costs                                     (3,015,532)    (565,783)
    Net cash from financing activities                                50,925,464    17,654,978

    Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents                                                       38,323,930    13,923,434
    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the
    year                                                              15,570,917     1,647,483

    Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                5         53,894,847    15,570,917




                  The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                              48
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These financial statements and notes represent those of Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan)
and its controlled entities (the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Galan is a publicly listed
company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The financial statements were authorised for issue on
29 September 2022 by the Directors of the Company.

1.      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF PREPARATION

(a)     Statement of compliance

The financial statements are general purpose financial statements that have been prepared in
accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, Australian Accounting Interpretations, other
authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations
Act 2001.

Australian Accounting Standards set out accounting policies that the AASB has concluded would result in
a financial statements containing relevant and reliable information about transactions, events and
conditions. Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and
notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB. Material
accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report are presented below and have
been consistently applied unless otherwise stated.

(b)     Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of entities controlled by
the Company at the end of the reporting period. A controlled entity is any entity over which the Company
has the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the entity’s
activities. Control will generally exist when the parent owns, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, more
than half of the voting power of an entity. In assessing the power to govern, the existence and effect of
holdings of actual and potential voting rights are also considered.

Where controlled entities have entered or left the Group during the year, the financial performance of
those entities are included only for the period of the year that they were controlled. A list of controlled
entities, as at 30 June 2022 is contained in Note 22 to the financial statements.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-group balances and transactions between
entities in the Group have been eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with those adopted by the Company.

Non-controlling interests, being the equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent,
are shown separately within the Equity section of the consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. The non-controlling interest in the net assets
comprises their interests at the date of the original business combination and their share of changes in
equity since that date.

(c)      Going concern

The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of
normal business activity and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
of business.

The Group incurred a loss for the year of $5,082,886 (2021: $907,891) and net cash outflows used in
operating activities of $2,016,870 (2021: $1,491,030).

On 13 August 2021, the Company announced the completion of a A$50 million (before costs) placement
to institutional, sophisticated and professional investors, at A$1.15 per share to accelerate the
development of its strategic lithium projects in Argentina and Australia.

The two-tranche placement provided the Company with significant flexibility with respect to its ongoing
capital expenditure requirements at HMW, Candelas and Greenbushes South.


                                                                                                               49
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Based on the above, the Directors consider the going concern basis of preparation to be appropriate for
this half-year report.

(d)     Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis and are based on the historical cost,
modified where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of selected non-current assets, financial
assets and financial liabilities.

(e)     Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group’s presentation currency.

Determination of functional currency of Argentinian subsidiaries

Based on the primary indicators under IAS 21 – The Effects of Change in Foreign Exchange Rates – Effective
1 July 2021 the Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency of Galan Exploraciones
S.A. (‘GESA’) and Galan Litio S.A. (‘GLSA’), the two Argentinian based subsidiaries of Galan Lithium
Limited.

The Company has recently headed into the next development phase for its Argentinian projects including
a Definitive Feasibility Study for its HMW Project. The material contracts associated with the DFS will be in
USD including drilling, camp rental and purchase, some pilot plant construction costs, engineering,
resource and reserves and project modelling.

All tenement and project acquisitions in Argentina have been and continue to be in USD.

Galan has loan agreements in place with GESA and GLSA that are USD denominated. All transfers to
Argentina are done in USD. GESA also has a loan agreement in place with GLSA (a recently incorporated
Galan Argentinian subsidiary) that is USD denominated. All cash call transfers to Argentina are executed
in USD.

(f)     Income tax

The income tax expense (revenue) for the year comprises current income tax expense (income) and
deferred tax expense (income).

Current income tax expense charged to the profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax
liabilities (assets) are therefore measured at the amounts expected to be paid to (recovered from) the
relevant taxation authority.

Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability balances
during the year as well unused tax losses.

Current and deferred income tax expense (income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the
tax relates to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.

Except for business combinations, no deferred income tax is recognised from the initial recognition of an
asset or liability where there is no effect on accounting or taxable profit and loss.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the Year
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related asset or liability.

Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the
extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the
deferred tax asset can be utilised.

Where temporary differences exist in relation to investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates, and joint
ventures, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised where the timing of the reversal of the
temporary difference can be controlled and it is not probable that the reversal will occur in the foreseeable
future.



                                                                                                          50
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists and it is intended
that net settlement or simultaneous realisation and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists, the deferred
tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
taxable entity or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation
and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur in future Years in which significant amounts of
deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled.

(g)     Goods and Services Tax (GST)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the GST incurred
is not recoverable from the relevant tax authority.

Receivables and payables are stated with amounts of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
recoverable from, or payable to, the relevant tax authority is included with other receivables or payables
in the statement of financial position.

Cash flows are presented in the statement of cashflows on a gross basis, except for the GST component of
investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.

(h)     Financial Instruments

Financial Assets

Initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied
the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of
a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it
needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal
amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by
regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e.,
the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets
designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily
required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are
acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

This category includes listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify
at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised as other income in
the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.




                                                                                                               51
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
position) when:

      •   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
      •   The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
          obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
          ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and

          either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the
          Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has
          transferred control of the asset.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive outstanding contractual amounts in
full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written
off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows

Financial Liabilities

Initial Recognition and Measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss, loans and borrowings, payables as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payable and convertible notes.

Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:

(i)         Impairment of Assets

At the end of each reporting year, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that an asset
may be impaired. The assessment will include the consideration of external and internal sources of
information. If such an indication exists, an impairment test is carried out on the asset by comparing the
recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use,
to the asset’s carrying value. Any excess of the asset’s carrying value over its recoverable amount is
expensed to the statement of comprehensive income.

Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

(j)         Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
obligation at the end of the reporting Year.

(k)         Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
liquid investments, and bank overdrafts.



                                                                                                                   52
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

(l)     Revenue and other Income

Interest Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method. At reporting date
the Company had no other revenue sources.

(m)     Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are carried at amortised costs and represent liabilities for goods and services
provided to the Company prior to the end of the reporting date and are unpaid and arise when the
Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and
services.

(n)     Equity settled compensation

The Company operates equity-settled share-based payment employee share and option schemes. The
fair value of the equity to which employees become entitled is measured at grant date and recognised as
an expense over the vesting Year, with a corresponding increase to the option reserve.

Share-based payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value of goods or services received or
the fair value of the instruments issued, if it is determined the fair value of the goods or services cannot be
reliably measured and are recorded at the date the goods or services are received. The corresponding
amount is recorded to the option reserve

The fair value of shares is ascertained as the market bid price. The fair value of options is ascertained using
a Black–Scholes pricing model which incorporates all market vesting conditions. The number of shares and
options expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted at the end of each reporting date such that the amount
recognised for services received as consideration for the equity instruments granted shall be based on the
number of equity instruments that eventually vest.

(o)     Exploration, Evaluation and Development Expenditure

Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure incurred is accumulated in respect of each
identifiable area of interest. These costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to
be recouped through the successful development of the area or where activities in the area have not yet
reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment of the existence of economically recoverable
reserves.

Accumulated costs in relation to an area of interest that is abandoned are written off in full against profit
in the year in which the decision to abandon the areas is made.

When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are amortised over
the life of the area according to the rate of depletion of the economically recoverable reserves.

A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to
carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest.

(p)     Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
the Company.

Key Judgements –Exploration and evaluation expenditure

The Company capitalises expenditure relating to exploration and evaluation where it is considered likely to
be recoverable or where the activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment
of the existence of reserves. While there are certain areas of interest from which no reserves have been
extracted, the directors are of the continued belief that such expenditure should not be written off since
feasibility studies in such areas have not yet concluded.




                                                                                                          53
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
the Company.

Key Judgments – Environmental Issues

Balances disclosed in the financial statements and notes thereto are not adjusted for any pending or
enacted environmental legislation, and the directors understanding thereof. At the current stage of the
Company’s development and its current environmental impact the directors believe such treatment is
reasonable and appropriate.

Key Estimates – Taxation

Balances disclosed in the financial statements and the notes thereto, related to taxation, are based on the
best estimates of directors. These estimates take into account both the financial performance and position
of the Company as they pertain to current income taxation legislation, and the directors understanding
thereof. No adjustment has been made for pending or future taxation legislation. The current income tax
position represents that directors’ best estimate, pending an assessment by the Australian Taxation Office.

Key Estimates – equity settled transactions

The Company measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair
value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value of options is determined
by an internal valuation using Black-Scholes option pricing model.

For equity settled transactions with consultants and other non-employees the fair value reflects the value
attributable to services where applicable. Where there is no quantifiable value of services the value of
options is calculated using the Black and Scholes option pricing model.

(q)     Foreign Currency Transaction and Balances

Functional and presentation currency

The Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency for the Argentinian subsidiaries. The
Company’s financial statements are presented in Australian dollars which is the parent entity’s functional
and presentation currency.

Transaction and balances

Profit and loss foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the average
exchange rate for the financial year.

Balance sheet foreign currency items are translated at the year-end exchange rate.

Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of Profit
or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, except where deferred in equity as a qualifying cash flow or
net investment hedge.

Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in equity to
the extent that the gain or loss is directly recognised in equity, otherwise exchange differences are
recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.

(r)     Fair value measurements

The Company measures and recognises the following assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis
after initial recognition.

        (i) Fair Value Hierarchy
        AASB 13: Fair Value Measurement requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the
        fair value hierarchy, which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels
        based on the lowest level that an input that is significant to the measurement can be categorised
        into as follows:


                                                                                                         54
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

        Level 1                           Level 2                                     Level 3
        Measurements based on             Measurements based on inputs                Measurements based on
        quoted prices (unadjusted)        other than quoted prices                    unobservable inputs for the
        in active markets for             included in Level 1 that are                asset or liability.
        identical assets or liabilities   observable for the asset or
        that the entity can access at     liability, either directly or indirectly.
        the measurement date.

        The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined
        using one or more valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent
        possible, the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value
        are observable, the asset or liability is included in Level 2. If one or more significant inputs are not
        based on observable market data, the asset or liability is included in Level 3.

        (ii) Valuation techniques

        The Company selects a valuation technique that is appropriate in the circumstances and for
        which sufficient data is available to measure fair value. The availability of sufficient and relevant
        data primarily depends on the specific characteristics of the asset or liability being measured.
        The valuation technique selected by the Company is the market approach ie. valuation
        techniques that use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions for
        identical or similar assets or liabilities.

        When selecting a valuation technique, the Company gives priority to those techniques that
        maximise the use of observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs that
        are developed using market data (such as publicly available information on actual transactions)
        and reflect the assumptions that buyers and sellers would generally use when pricing the asset or
        liability are considered observable, whereas inputs for which market data is not available and
        therefore are developed using the best information available about such assumptions are
        considered unobservable.

        The following table provides the fair values of the Company’s assets and liabilities measured and
        recognised on a recurring basis after initial recognition and their categorisation within the fair
        value hierarchy:
                                                                            30 June 2022
                                                               Level 1      Level 2        Level 3   Total
                                                                  $            $              $        $
Recurring fair value measurements
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss:
-       Australian listed shares                                    551,442              -            -      551,442

                                                                                      30 June 2021
                                                                     Level 1          Level 2      Level 3    Total
                                                                        $                $            $         $

Recurring fair value measurements
Financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss:
-       Australian listed shares                                      4,430              -            -       4,430


(s)     New, revised or amending accounting standards and interpretations adopted

Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

The Group has adopted all new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
Accounting Standards Board that are relevant to its operations and effective for an accounting period
that begins on or after 1 January 2020.




                                                                                                                55
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted

The Group has reviewed the new and revised Standards and Interpretations on issue not yet adopted for
the year ended 30 June 2022. As a result of this review the Group has determined that there is no material
impact of the Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted on the Company and, therefore, no
change is necessary to Group accounting policies.


2.        OPERATING SEGMENTS

The Company is currently managed primarily on the basis of its exploration activity. Operating segments
are therefore determined on the same basis.

Exploration
Segment assets, including acquisition costs of exploration licenses, all expenses related to the tenements
and profit on sale of tenements are reported on in this segment.

Segment assets
Where an asset is used across multiple segments, the asset is allocated to the segment that receives the
majority of economic value from the asset. In the majority of instances, segment assets are clearly
identifiable on the basis of their nature and physical location.

Unless indicated otherwise in the segment assets note, deferred tax assets and intangible assets have not
been allocated to operating segments.

Segment liabilities
Liabilities are allocated to segments where there is direct nexus between the incurrence of the liability
and the operations of the segment. Borrowings and tax liabilities are generally considered to relate to the
Company as a whole and are not allocated. Segment liabilities include trade and other payables.

Unallocated items
The following items of revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are not allocated to operating segments as
they are not considered part of the core operations of any segment:

      •      non-recurring items of revenue or expense;
      •      deferred tax assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                        56
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

2.      OPERATING SEGMENTS (Cont’d)
                                           Exploration   Unallocated          Total
30 June 2022                                         $             $              $

Revenue
Interest                                             -        101,000       101,000
Inflation adjustment                                 -              -             -
Other                                                -         58,661        58,661
Total segment revenue                                -        159,661       159,661
Segment net operating loss (profit)                  -    (5,082,886)   (5,082,886)
after tax
Share based payments                                 -    (2,169,993)   (2,169,993)

Segment assets
Exploration expenditure                    33,020,242              -    33,020,242
Cash and cash equivalents                           -     53,894,847    53,894,847
Other assets                                2,468,221        739,197     3,207,418
Total segment assets                       35,488,463     54,634,044    90,122,507
Segment liabilities                         2,928,504        333,631     3,262,135

                                           Exploration   Unallocated          Total
30 June 2021                                        $              $             $

Revenue
Interest                                            -          3,239         3,239
Inflation adjustment                        1,978,431              -     1,978,431
Other                                               -        152,708       152,708
Total segment revenue                       1,978,431        155,947     2,134,378
Segment net operating loss (profit)
after tax                                   1,978,431     (2,886,322)     (907,891)
Share based payments                                -     (1,290,222)   (1,290,222)
Segment assets
Exploration expenditure                    23,408,544              -    23,408 544
Cash and cash equivalents                      83,293     15,487,624    15,570,917
Other assets                                   99,433         24,597       124,030
Total segment assets                       23,591,270     15,512,221    39,103,491
Segment liabilities                           590,020        164,260       754,280




                                                                                  57
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

3.        REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
                                                                           30 June 2022       30 June 2021
                                                                                      $                  $

 Interest received from financial institutions                                  101,000              3,239

 Other Income

 Sundry                                                                               -              2,509

 Company secretarial recoupment                                                  58,661             79,620

 Cashflow boost payment                                                               -             70,579

                                                                                 58,661            152,708

4.        INCOME TAX EXPENSE


(a)      Income tax expense

Current tax                                                                               -               -
Deferred tax                                                                              -               -

(b)      Reconciliation of income tax expense to prima facie tax payable

The prima facie tax payable on profit from ordinary activities before income tax is reconciled to the
income tax expense as follows:


                                                                              (5,082,886)        (907,891)
Accounting loss before tax

Prima facie tax on accounting loss at 25% (2021:26%)                          (1,270,722)        (236,052)
Add / (Less)
Tax effect of:
    Non-deductible expenses                                                       666,478          375,823
    Non-assessable income                                                               -        (374,672)
    Difference in global tax rates                                                      -           (4,962)
    Share issue cost deduction                                                   (38,830)         (22,820)
    Deferred tax assets not brought to account                                    643,073          262,683
Income tax attributable to operating loss                                               -                 -

The applicable weighted average effective tax rates as follows                      Nil%             Nil %

(c)      Deferred tax assets
Unused tax losses                                                                         -               -
Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                                       -               -
                                                                                          -               -
(d)      Deferred tax liabilities
Other                                                                                     -               -
Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                            -               -
                                                                                          -               -

(e)     Tax losses
Unused tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
recognised                                                                     1,449,219           726,537
Tax effect of unused available fraction tax losses for which no                        -                 -
deferred tax asset has been recognised                                           868,540           903,281
Unrecognised temporary differences                                                91,848            73,209
                                                                               2,409,607         1,703,027




                                                                                                        58
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

5.     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                            30 June 2022    30 June 2021
                                                                                       $               $

Cash at bank                                                                    3,894,847      1,910,247
Deposits at call (i)                                                           50,000,000     13,660,670
                                                                               53,894,847     15,570,917

(i)    The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 1.28% (2021: 0.27%).


6.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

GST receivables and other debtors                                                  59,239         21,490

There were no trade receivables past due but not impaired. Due to the short-term nature of these
receivables, their carrying amount is assumed to approximate their fair value. The maximum exposure to
credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of receivables mentioned above.
Refer to note 17 for more information on the risk management policy of the Company and the credit
quality of the Company’s trade receivables.


7.     FINANCIAL ASSETS

Shares in listed corporations at fair value                                     551,442            4,430



8       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

    Plant and Equipment
           At cost                                                             1,846,686          90,904
           Accumulated depreciation                                               (9,991)         (2,768)
                                                                               1,836,695          88,136

    Computer Equipment
        At cost                                                                    82,565           6,803
        Accumulated depreciation                                                 (12,438)         (3,006)
                                                                                   70,127           3,797

    Motor Vehicle
          At cost                                                                694,219               -
          Accumulated depreciation                                                (4,305)              -
                                                                                 689,914               -
                                                                               2,596,737          91,933




                                                                                                     59
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

9.       EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION
                                                                           30 June 2022      30 June 2021
                                                                                      $                 $

Costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest:


Brought forward                                                               23,408,544          19,551,263
Exploration expenditure capitalised during the year                             9,479,077          1,291,592
Share valuation capitalised                                                             -           208,600
Candelas vendor shares issued                                                     78,750             26,600
Candela vendor shares to be issued                                                      -            51,100
Greenbushes vendor shares                                                         20,760            451,770
Pucara/Del Condor shares                                                                -           182,000
Hyperinflation                                                                          -          1,978,431
Foreign exchange translation                                                      33,111           (332,812)
Balance at reporting date                                                     33,020,242          23,408,544

The value of the Company’s interest in exploration expenditure is dependent upon:

     •      the continuance of the Company’s rights to tenure of the areas of interest;
     •      the results of future exploration; and
     •      the recoupment of costs through successful development and exploitation of the areas of
            interest, or alternatively, by their sale.

Asset acquisition – Hombre Muerto Lithium Project

On 25 June 2018, the Company acquired 100% of the issued capital of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (‘Blue Sky’)
under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement. The purchase consideration was as follows:

     (a)    3,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of Galan and 3,000,000 options each at an
            exercise price of $0.14 on or before 31 December 2019 (the shares and options were issued on
            25 June 2018).
     (b)    Issue to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders of 17,000,000 Shares and 12,000,000 Options (the
            shares were issued on 25 June 2018 and the options on 15 August 2018).
     (c)    Upon the delineation by or on behalf of Galan of a JORC resource of not less than 80kt lithium
            carbonate equivalent within the area of the mining properties in which Blue Sky has an interest
            as at Completion, the issue of 15,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders (the
            shares were issued on 2 December 2019).
     (d)    Upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant by on or behalf of
            Galan, the issue of 10,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders.

Purchase consideration

The fair value of the consideration for the acquisition was as follows:


25,000,000 ordinary shares                                                           $4,625,000
25,000,000 options                                                                   $2,518,475
Total consideration                                                                  $7,143,475

As at 30 June 2022, the probability of meeting the milestone listed in (d) above was revised and as such
a value of $443,656 (see Note 14) has been attributable to these shares as deferred consideration.




                                                                                                         60
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                        30 June 2022   30 June 2021
                                                                                   $              $



Trade payables                                                             1,296,416          149,409
Accruals                                                                   1,211,096          270,933
                                                                           2,507,512          420,342

Accounts payable are non-interest bearing and are predominantly settled on 30-45 day terms.


11. ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                              2022              2022
                                                                            Number                 $

Fully paid ordinary shares (2021: 244,649,086 - $44,384,368)             304,399,362      96,254,698



Ordinary Shares

Ordinary shares participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
to the number of shares held. At shareholder meetings each ordinary share is entitled to one vote when
a poll is called, otherwise each shareholder has one vote on a show of hands.




                                                                                                    61
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11. ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)
                                           30 Jun 2022   30 Jun 2022    30 Jun 2021   30 Jun 2021
                                              Number               $       Number              $


Balance at the beginning of the period     244,649,086    44,384,368    172,488,590    24,801,369
Placement shares at $0.14 (i)                        -              -     5,846,584       818,522
Performance right conversions (ii)                   -              -     5,000,000     1,075,000
Vendor shares – Del Condor Pucara (iii)              -              -     1,300,000       182,000
Consultant shares (iv)                               -              -       513,505       113,536
Placement shares at $0.13 (v)                        -              -    23,076,924     3,000,000
Vendor shares – Candelas (vi)                        -              -       420,000        83,650
Vendor shares – Greenbushes South (vii)              -              -     1,221,000       451,770
Acuity shares at $0.256 (viii)                       -              -     5,000,000     1,280,000
Placement shares at $0.50 (ix)                       -              -    20,200,000    10,100,000
Option conversions at $0.20 (x)                      -              -     2,000,000       400,000
Option conversions at $0.20 (xi)                     -              -       150,000        30,000
Option conversions at $0.25 (xii)                    -              -     3,364,358       841,090
Option conversions at $0.3438 (xiii)                 -              -     4,000,000     1,375,200
Consultant shares (xiv)                              -              -        30,625        22,050
Option conversions at $0.21 (xv)                     -              -        37,500         7,875
Option conversions at $0.25 (xii)            9,724,371     2,431,093              -             -
Option conversions at $0.21 (xv)             4,141,550       869,725              -             -
Placement shares at $1.15 (xvi)             25,872,594    29,753,483              -             -
Placement shares at $1.15 (xvii)            17,605,667    20,246,517              -             -
Option conversions at $0.90 (xviii)            150,000       135,000              -             -
Consultant shares (xix)                        104,094        92,815              -             -
Option conversions at $0.25 (xx)             2,000,000       500,000              -             -
Vendor shares – Candelas (vi)                  140,000       129,850              -             -
Vendor shares – Donnelly River                  12,000        20,760              -             -
                                           304,399,362    98,563,611    244,649,086    44,582,062
Shares to be issued                                  -              -             -     (247,100)
Shares to be issued                                  -              -             -      (28,574)
Shares to be issued                                  -              -             -      (55,422)
Shares to be issued (iv)                             -      (39,564)              -        39,564
Shares to be issued (vi)                             -      (51,100)              -        51,100
Shares to be issued (xxi)                            -       141,671              -             -
Transfer from equity-based reserve                   -       515,080              -       608,520
Less: transaction costs                              -    (2,875,000)             -     (565,782)
Balance at the end of the period           304,399,362    96,254,698    244,649,086    44,384,368




                                                                                              62
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11.          ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

      (i)     Issued on various dates under a placement announced on 23 June 2020.
      (ii)    5,000, 000 Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and issued to Mr JP
              Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).
      (iii)   Issued to vendors as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Del Condor and Pucara).
      (iv)    Issued on various dates to a consultant in lieu of services provided (April 2020 - March 2021).
      (v)     Issued under a placement, led by Argonaut Securities Ltd, announced on 12 October 2020
      (vi)    Issued to the vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Candelas).
      (vii) Issued to the vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Greenbushes South).
      (viii) Issued under a controlled placement agreement with Acuity.
      (ix)    Issued on various dates under a placement announced on 27 January 2021.
      (x)     Issued upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.20 on or before 30/10/22).
      (xi)    Issued upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.20 on or before 30/10/23).
      (xii) Issued on various dates upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.25 on or before
              31/3/22).
      (xiii) Issued on various dates upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.3438 on or before
              11/6/21).
      (xiv) Issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided
      (xv) Issued on various dates upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.21 on or before
              8/10/23).
      (xvi) Issued as Tranche 1 of a placement announced on 13 August 2021.
      (xvii) Issued as Tranche 2 of a placement announced on 13 August 2021 (approved by shareholders on 12
              October 2021).
      (xviii) Issued upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable at $0.90 on or before 7/5/24).
      (xix) Issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided (April-September 2021).
      (xx) Issued upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable at $0.25 on or before 1/12/21).
      (xxi) Shares to be issued to a study consultant in lieu of services provided (6 months to June 2022 - $133,684) and
              to a geological consultant ($8,000) in lieu of services provided.



Performance Shares

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, the 5 million Class A Performance Shares were issued to the Managing Director (milestone
announced 22 June 2020).

The valuation of the Class B performance shares as at 30 June 2022 was conducted by management
(see Note 15).

Options as at 30 June 2022

The following unquoted options remained on issue as at 30 June 2022:

               Expiry Date             Exercise Price           Unquoted Options

               08/10/2023                   $0.21                    5,970,950
               04/02/2024                   $0.65                     500,000
               24/12/2024                   $1.30                     500,000




                                                                                                                      63
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

11. ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

Performance Rights as at 30 June 2022

There were a total of 10,500,000 performance rights on issue at 30 June 2022.

Capital risk management

The Board controls the capital of the Company in order to provide the shareholders with adequate returns
and ensure that the Company can fund its operations and continue as a going concern. The Company’s
capital includes ordinary share capital. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.

                                                                                30 June 2022        30 June 2021
                                                                                           $                   $


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   53,894,847         15,570,917
       Trade and other receivables                                                     59,239              21,490
       Trade and other payables                                                    (2,507,512)          (420,342)
       Working capital position                                                    51,446,574         15,172,065


12. RESERVES

This reserve records the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
remuneration, share based payments to 3rd parties plus option consideration for acquisitions.

Equity Based Reserve
Opening balance                                                                     1,786,297           3,578,120
Issue of options to employees (i)                                                     621,979                    -
Performance shares milestone achieved                                                         -       (1,075,000)
Valuation of Performance rights (ii)                                                1,104,365                    -
Issue of options to directors and consultants                                                 -           828,791
Performance shares (iii)                                                              443,656              65,816
Candelas vendor shares                                                                        -          (57,050)
Issue of options to an advisor                                                                -           179,934
Issue of options to a consultant                                                              -           148,037
Issue of options to an advisor                                                                -            67,642
Fair value of exercised options transferred to share capital                         (515,080)          (608,520)
Transfer to accumulated losses                                                                -       (1,341,473)
Closing Balance                                                                     3,441,217           1,786,297


Foreign Currency Translation Reserve                                                 (989,927)        (1,058,724)
                                                                                    2,451,290             727,573


(i)       Represented by 500,000 options (exercisable at $1.30 on or before 24 December 2024) issued to an employee
(ii)      Represented by 9,000,000 performance rights issued to directors and 1,500,000 performance rights issued to
          senior management, which are being expensed and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights.
(iii)     Represented by 5,000,000 Class A and 5,000,000 Class B Performance shares issued to Managing Director, Mr
          Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega.




                                                                                                                 64
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

13. ACCUMULATED LOSSES

                                                                            30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                       $                     $


Opening balance                                                               (6,762,730)           (7,196,312)
Loss for the Year                                                             (5,082,886)             (907,891)
Transfer from Reserves                                                                   -           1,341,473
Closing Balance                                                              (11,845,616)           (6,762,730)


14. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                   Number             Number
Basic weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share                    285,590,123          212,523,206

Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share                    292,561,073          212,523,206

                                                                                         $                    $
Loss used in the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share              (5,082,886)            (907,891)



15. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

Options

Options are issued to directors, employees and consultants. The options may be subject to performance
criteria, and are issued to directors, employees and consultants to increase goal congruence between
executives, directors and shareholders. Options carry no dividend or voting rights. The fair value of share
options issued during the year was $621,979.

                                  Fair Value
                                    at Grant                  Life of               Share Price
                    Number of      Date per    Estimated     Option     Exercise       at Grant        Risk Free
 Allottee             Options         Option    Volatility   (years)       Price          Date     Interest Rate


 Employee            500,000       1.22429           98%           3         1.3         1.845           1.34%

Performance Rights

Directors

On 25 February 2022, the Company issued 9,000,000 Director Performance Rights to the Galan directors
on the terms and conditions approved by shareholders at the Galan AGM on 28 January 2022.

                                         Number of Performance Rights
 Vesting        ASPM              Vargas    Homsany       Gardiner    Chalwell       Jimenez                Liu
 Hurdle                             de la
                                    Vega
 H1             $2.25             400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000        200,000         100,000
 H2             $2.50             400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000        200,000         100,000
 H3             $3.00             400,000     200,000       200,000    100,000        200,000         100,000
 H4             $3.25             900,000     450,000       450,000    225,000        450,000         225,000
 H5             $3.50             900,000     450,000       450,000    225,000        450,000         225,000
 Total                          3,000,000   1,500,000     1,500,000    750,000      1,500,000         750,000




                                                                                                             65
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

15. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

The following parameters were used to value the performance rights (with an underlying base share price
of $1.52 and each with a 5-year issue life):


                                   Fair Value at
                     Number of      Grant Date       Estimated                    Share Price at       Risk Free
Allottee                Rights         per Right      Volatility   Hurdle Price     Grant Date     Interest Rate


Directors            1,200,000          $1.410             90%           $2.25            $1.52         1.645%
Directors            1,200,000          $1.387             90%           $2.50            $1.52         1.645%
Directors            1,200,000          $1.346             90%           $3.00            $1.52         1.645%
Directors            2,700,000          $1.326             90%           $3.25            $1.52         1.645%
Directors            2,700,000          $1.307             90%           $3.50            $1.52         1.645%

The total value of the Director Performance Rights was $12,080,700. This amount is being expensed and
amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $996,949 during this
period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds
the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading days.

Management

On 22 April 2022, the Company issued a total of 1,500,000 Performance Rights to senior management. The
terms and conditions of the performance rights were the same as those for the above Director
Performance Rights. The following parameters were used to value the performance rights (with an
underlying base share price of $2.00 and each with a 5-year issue life):


                                   Fair Value at
                     Number of      Grant Date       Estimated                    Share Price at       Risk Free
Allottee                Rights         per Right      Volatility   Hurdle Price     Grant Date     Interest Rate


Management             300,000          $1.927             90%           $2.25            $2.00         2.835%
Management             300,000          $1.904             90%           $2.50            $2.00         2.835%
Management             300,000          $1.859             90%           $3.00            $2.00         2.835%
Management             300,000          $1.838             90%           $3.25            $2.00         2.835%
Management             300,000          $1.817             90%           $3.50            $2.00         2.835%

The total value of the Management Performance Rights was $2,803,500. This amount is being expensed
and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $107,414 during
this period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds
the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading days.




                                                                                                             66
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

15. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

The following table illustrates the movements and the number and weighted average exercise prices of
share-based payment options on issue during the year:

                                                     2022                                2021
                                              Number of   Weighted               Number of     Weighted
                                                Options Ave Exercise               Options   Ave Exercise
                                                             Price $                              Price $

  Balance at 1 July 2021                     22,486,871              0.21        24,297,614               0.31
  Expired during the year                             -                 -      (10,905,469)               0.42
  Exercised during the year                (16,015,921)              0.25       (9,551,858)               0.28
  Issued during the year                        500,000              1.30        18,646,584               0.24
  Balance at 30 June 2022                     6,970,950              0.32        22,486,871               0.21
  Exercisable at 30 June 2022                  6,970,950                         22,486,871

  The options outstanding at 30 June 2022 had a weighted average remaining life of 1.38 years (2021 –
  1.46 years). The weighted average fair value of the options outstanding at 30 June 2022 was $0.32 (2021
  - $0.05).

Performance Shares

                                                Fair Value
                                                  at Grant                    Life of                 Expected
                                  Number of      Date per                    Shares                    exercise
 Allottee                            Shares         Option   Probability    (years)     Expiry Date       date


Blue Sky Milestones

 - Share A                               Vested for vendors on 2 December 2019 (i)
 - Share B                       10,000,000       $0.185           40%         N/A            N/A         N/A

 Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (“Managing Director”) Performance Shares

 - Class A                             Vested for Managing Director on 22 July 2020 (ii)
 - Class B                        5,000,000       $0.215           40%          3.1      July 2023    Jun 2023

The calculation of the value of the above performance shares resulted in a share-based expense of
$443,656 during the year, which is based on management’s assessment of the probability of the
milestones being met.

(i)         Milestone of 80kt lithium carbonate lithium JORC resource achieved 1 October 2019
(ii)        Milestone of 1Mt lithium carbonate JORC (2012) compliant Indicated resource achieved 22 June
            2020.

Blue Sky Milestones

Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due upon the
commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.




                                                                                                            67
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

15. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

Managing Director Performance Shares

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, 5 million Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).


16. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

Reconciliation from the net loss after tax to the net cash flow from operations


                                                                            30 June 2022      30 June 2021
                                                                                       $                 $

Loss from ordinary activities after income tax                                (5,082,886)        (907,891)

Government Grant                                                                          -        (73,088)
Gain on hyper inflation                                                                   -     (1,978,431)
Gain on sale of shares                                                                    -               -
Fair value adjustment to investments                                               301,775        (86,998)
Exploration Written off                                                            202,889                -
Depreciation                                                                        15,367           2,070
Share based payments                                                              2,169,993      1,290,222
Changes in assets and liabilities
- (increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                               (31,572)       (11,106)
- Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                 41,186         110,690
- Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                  366,398         163,502
Cash flow from operations                                                     (2,016,870)        1,491,030




                                                                                                        68
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

17. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company’s financial instruments consist of deposits with banks, accounts receivable and payable.
The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity
risk. Risk management is carried out by the Board of Directors who monitor, evaluate, and manage the
Company’s financial risk. The financial receivables and payables of the Company in the table below are
due or payable within 30 days.

                                                  Variable         Fixed
                                                                                 Non-interest
                                                  Interest       Maturity – 1                      2022 Total
                                                                                   Bearing
                                                    Rate         Year or Less                          $
                                                                                      $
                                                     $                S
2022
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                          3,894,847      50,000,000                  -      53,894,847
Receivables                                                  -              -           59,239           59,239
Held for trading financial assets                            -              -         551,442          551,442

Total financial assets                             3,894,847      50,000,000          610,681        54,505,528

Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                   1.3%
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and accruals                                                        (2,507,512)      (2,507,512)
Net financial assets                                                                                 51,998,016


                                                  Variable         Fixed
                                                                                 Non-interest
                                                  Interest       Maturity – 1                      2021 Total
                                                                                   Bearing
                                                    Rate         Year or Less                          $
                                                                                      $
                                                     $                S
2021
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents                          1,910,247      13,660,670                  -      15,570,917
Receivables                                                  -              -           21,490           21,490
Held for trading financial assets                            -              -            4,430            4,430

Total financial assets                             1,910,247      13,660,670            25,920       15,596,837

Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                  0.27%
Financial liabilities
Trade payables and accruals                                  -              -        (420,342)        (420,342)

Net financial assets                                                                                 15,176,495

The financial instruments recognised at fair value in the statement of financial position have been
analysed and classified using a fair value hierarchy reflecting the significance of the inputs used in making
the measurements. All financial instruments measured at fair value are level one, meaning fair value is
determined from quoted prices, in active markets for identical assets.

Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Board of Directors monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Company
through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include
market risk (including fair value and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company does not
enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative
purposes.


                                                                                                                69
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

17. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)

Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
financial loss to the Company. The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy
counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of
financing loss from defaults. The Company exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are
continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst
approved counterparties.

Credit risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by the board. The
board’s policy requires that surplus funds are only invested with counterparties with Standard & Poor’s
rating of at least AA-. All of the Company’s surplus funds are invested with a AA- rated financial institution.

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the financial assets
as summarised below:


                                                                             30 June 2022       30 June 2021
                                                                                        $                  $

Cash and cash equivalents - Australia                                           51,292,355         15,487,624
Receivables – Australia                                                             59,239             12,944


The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any provision for losses,
represents the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk.

All Australian receivables noted above are due within 30 days.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and
equity prices will affect the Company’s income or value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
parameters, while optimising the return.

Liquidity risk management

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, who have built an
appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company’s short, medium
and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by
maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities by continuously
monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
liabilities.

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with
financial liabilities. The Company has no borrowings. The Company’s non-cash investments can be
realised to meet accounts payable arising in the normal course of business.

Interest rate risk exposure

Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market
interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk as it invests funds at both fixed and floating
interest rates. The risk is managed by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate
deposits. The Company has no borrowings.




                                                                                                            70
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

17. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)
                                                                             30 June 2022       30 June 2021
                                                                                        $                  $
Interest bearing financial instruments
Cash and cash equivalents                                                       51,292,355         15,487,624
Weighted average effective interest rate                                              1.3%              0.27%


Sensitivity analysis

Interest rate risk

The Company has performed sensitivity analysis relating to its exposure to interest rate risk at balance
date. The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect on the current year results and equity which could
result from a change in these risks.

Interest rate sensitivity analysis

At 30 June 2022, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the interest rate, with all variables remaining
constant would be as follows:


Change in loss
Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                      538,948            77,437
Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                    (538,948)          (77,437)

Change in equity
Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                      538,948            77,437
Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                    (538,948)          (77,437)

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

At 30 June 2022, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the Foreign currency, with all variables
remaining constant would be as follows:


Change in loss
Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                  341,997            25,293
Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                (341,997)          (25,293)

Change in equity
Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                  341,997            25,293
Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                (341,997)          (25,293)


18. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION

Refer to the remuneration report contained in the directors’ report for details of remuneration paid or
payable to each member of the Company’s key management personnel for the year ended 30 June
2022.

The totals of remuneration paid to KMP of the Company during the year are as follows:

 Short term employee benefits                                                      619,191           511,368
 Post-employment benefits                                                           43,400            39,615
 Other long term benefits                                                                -                 -
 Equity based payments                                                             996,949           571,582
                                                                                 1,659,540         1,122,565




                                                                                                          71
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

18. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION (Cont’d)

Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $Nil (2021: $380,208) in capital raising fees for the 2022 financial year.
Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive Director,
Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

The Company received $57,480 (2021: $79,620) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

The Company paid a total of $113,950 (2021: $96,500) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid a total of $228,995 (2021:$69,113) in legal fees for the 2022 financial
year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as the Galan Non-
Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd.

19. COMMITMENTS

The mining tenement option obligations, which include declared tenement commitments at
Greenbushes and an outstanding payment for Candelas are not provided for in the financial statements
and are payable as follows:

                                                                               30 June 2022       30 June 2021
                                                                                          $                  $

No longer than one year                                                            1,447,019             93,147
Longer than one year but not longer than five years                                  464,966          1,210,912
Longer than five years                                                                      -                  -
                                                                                   1,911,985          1,304,059

A summary of the material outstanding mining tenement option obligations are as follows:

Candelas Properties – Candela, Candela II, Candela III, Candela Iv, Candela V and Candela VI

   •    Final purchase option payment of USD 910,000 due within 54 months of contract signing.
   •    The Company has a 24 month term for developing exploration works or any work related mining
        activities and must maintain the mining properties in good standing.
   •    The Candelas titleholder must grant an authorization for developing mining works, grant
        exclusivity in favour of the Company during the agreement´s life and supply evidence a
        certificate of property regarding the mining properties.
   •    The term of the agreement can be extended by both parties.
   •    Once all payments are completed, the irrevocable transfer of the mining rights will be
        implemented.

Catalina Property – Full Ownership

A long-standing dispute between the political border between Salta and Catamarca that includes the
northern part of the Salar del el Hombre Muerto has been taking place without a final resolution so far.
During this time, both mining authorities claiming the right on the disputed area, have been issuing mining
rights that in practical terms ended up in overlapping of such rights over the same area and granted by
each province with different names.




                                                                                                             72
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

19. COMMITMENTS (Cont’d)

This is the case of the Catalina exploitation right. Its titleholder denounced a company working on his
property with a mining right issued by the province of Salta. The Border dispute between the provinces
have a resolution of the Federal Supreme Court in the case “Provincia de Catamarca c/ Provincia de
Salta s s/Ordinario 2015” stating basically that, being an issue of definition of the political border between
two provinces, the Supreme Court cannot rule over the case but according to our Federal Constitution,
art. 75. 15 (the Federal Congress should define the borders between provinces) is an exclusive right of the
Federal Congress. Therefore, up until the Congress settles the final border between Salta and Catamarca,
even though according to the Mining Judge of Catamarca Catalina belongs to its current titleholder Mr.
Navarro, Catalina will remain as a disputed area, and there is no guarantee that its title holder could
freely work on the area.

Catalina is located in a disputed area between Salta and Catamarca without final definition, therefore
the ownership of the area will be disputed by Salta up until the Congress takes a final decision. It is not
expected that such a resolution will take place in the foreseeable near future. The property will be
challenged by the private owner from the Salta side and by the province of Salta itself, and it will be
difficult to work there peacefully.

20. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

Issue of Shares

On 5 August 2022, a total of 97,729 fully paid ordinary shares were issued in lieu of services provided by
two consultants. On the same date, a further 30,950 fully paid ordinary shares were issued upon the
conversion of $0.21 options.

On 26 August 2022, 41,840 fully paid ordinary shares were issued in lieu of a 12-month investor marketing
and generation campaign.

Issue of Performance Shares

On 12 August 2022, the Board awarded a total of 850,000 performance rights to key personnel in the
Galan management team. The performance rights have the same hurdles and terms and conditions as
those awarded to the Directors. The performance rights were issued on 26 August 2022.

Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

21. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS


                                                                               30 June 2022 30 June 2021
                                                                                          $            $
Remuneration of the auditor for:
Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2021                          5,727                -
Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2022                         37,244           30,000
                                                                                     42,971           30,000



22. CONTROLLED ENTITIES

                                                           Country of            Percentage Owned
                                                        Incorporation
                                                                                      2022               2021
 Galan Lithium Limited (Parent Entity)                       Australia
 Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (Controlled Entity)                Australia                100%              100%
 Galan Exploraciones S.A. (GESA)                            Argentina                 100%              100%
 Galan Litio S.A. (GLSA)                                    Argentina                 100%                  -




                                                                                                           73
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

On 15 July 2019, the Argentinian authorities granted the Company permission to become a registered
foreign shareholder of GESA. Under the Argentine Corporations Code, a local company must have at
least two shareholders. At the date of this report, the Company now holds 95% of the issued shares in
GESA with the remaining 5% being held in trust, on behalf of the Company, by Mr Vargas de le Vega.
During the year, a second company was registered in the Salta province in Argentina - Galan Litio SA
(‘GLSA’) under the same ownership structure as GESA.

23. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
                                                                         30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                    $                    $
(a)       Statement of financial position
Assets
 Current assets                                                             51,351,594           15,500,567
 Non-current assets                                                         35,583,612           22,406,380
Total assets                                                                86,935,206           37,906,947

Liabilities
  Current liabilities                                                          873,967             323,455
  Non-current liabilities                                                            -                   -
Total liabilities
                                                                               873,967             323,455

Equity
 Issued capital                                                             96,254,698           44,384,368
 Reserves:
 Equity based payment reserve                                                 3,441,212           1,786,299
 Retained losses                                                           (13,634,671)         (8,587,174)
 Total Equity                                                                86,061,239          37,583,492


(b)       Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

 Total profit/ (loss)                                                       (5,047,496)         (2,583,922)
Total comprehensive income                                                  (5,047,496)         (2,583,922)


24. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Galan Lithium Limited has the following material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2022:

Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due
upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

On 20 July 2020, the above 5 million Class A Performance Shares were issued to the Managing Director
(milestone announced 22 June 2020).

Assessments are conducted by management at each reporting date to determine the likelihood of the
milestones being achieved. As at 30 June 2022 $443,656 was reflected in the share based payment
expense (2021: $65,816) relating to an increase in probability of milestone achievement from 25% to 40%
for the 5 million Managing Director Class B performance shares and the 10 million outstanding Blue Sky
Lithium PTY Ltd shares. This increase in probability was driven by the award of an EPCM contract during
the year for the definitive feasibility study currently underway at Hombre Muerto West.



                                                                                                              74
DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Galan Lithium Limited, the directors of the company
declare that:

1.      the financial statements and notes, as set out, on pages 45 to 74, are in accordance with the
        Corporations Act 2001 and:

        a.       comply with Australian Accounting Standards, which, as stated in accounting policy Note 1
                 to the financial statements, constitutes compliance with International Financial Reporting
                 Standards (IFRS); and
        b.       give a true and fair view of the financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of the performance
                 for the year ended on that date of the Company;

2.      in the directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to
        pay its debts as and when they become due and payable; and

3.      the directors have been given the declarations required by s 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from
        the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.

On behalf of the Directors




JP Vargas de la Vega
Managing Director
Perth, Western Australia
29 September 2022




                                                                                                        75
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF GALAN LITHIUM LIMITED

Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Galan Lithium Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the
Group”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors’ declaration.

In our opinion:

a.    the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
      including:

      (i)    giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial
             performance for the year then ended; and

      (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

b.    the financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note
      1(a).


Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Those standards require that we
comply with relevant ethical requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material misstatement. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting
Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

 Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Exploration and Evaluation

 As disclosed in Note 9 to the financial statements,   Our procedures included, amongst others:
 the Group had an exploration and evaluation           •   Assessing management’s determination of its areas
 balance of $33,020,242 as at 30 June 2022.                of interest for consistency with the definition in
 Exploration and evaluation expenditure is a key           AASB 6. This involved analysing the tenements in
 audit matter due to:                                      which the Group holds an interest and the
 •   The significance of the balance to the                exploration programs planned for those tenements.
     Group’s financial position.                       •   For each area of interest, we assessed the Group’s
 •   The level of judgement required in evaluating         rights to tenure by corroborating to agreements in
     management’s       application     of     the         place.
     requirements of AASB 6 Exploration for and        •   We considered the activities in each area of interest
     Evaluation of Mineral Resources (“AASB 6”).           to date and assessed the planned future activities
     AASB 6 is an industry specific accounting             for each area of interest by evaluating budgets.
     standard requiring the application of
                                                       •   Substantiated a sample of expenditure by agreeing
     significant judgements, estimates and
                                                           to supporting documentation.
     industry knowledge. This includes specific
     requirements for expenditure to be                •   We assessed each area of interest for one or more
     capitalised as an asset and subsequent                of the following circumstances that may indicate
     requirements which must be complied with              impairment of the capitalised expenditure:
     for capitalised expenditure to continue to be             o    the licenses for the right to explore expiring
     carried as an asset.                                           in the near future or are not expected to be
                                                                    renewed;
 •   The assessment of impairment of exploration
     and evaluation         expenditure   requiring            o    substantive    expenditure      for   further
     judgement.                                                     exploration in the specific area is neither
                                                                    budgeted or planned decision or intent by
                                                                    the Group to discontinue activities in the
                                                                    specific area of interest due to lack of
                                                                    commercially    viable    quantities  of
                                                                    resources; and
                                                                       data indicating that, although a
                                                                       development in the specific area is
                                                                       likely to proceed, the carrying amount
                                                                       be recovered in full from successful
                                                                       development or sale.
 Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                                       •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures included
                                                           in Note 9 to the financial statements

 Accounting for Share Based Payments

 As disclosed in Note 15 to the financial              Our procedures amongst others included:
 statements, during the year ended 30 June 2022            •   Analysing agreements to identify the key terms
 the Group incurred a share based payments                     and conditions of share based payments issued
 expense of $2,169,993.                                        and relevant vesting conditions in accordance
 Share based payments are considered to be a                   with AASB 2 Share Based Payments;
 key audit matter due to:                                  •   Evaluating valuation models and assessing the
         •    the value of the transactions;                   assumptions and inputs used;
         •    the complexities involved in the             •   Assessing the amount recognised during the
              recognition and measurement of                   year in accordance with the vesting conditions
              these instruments; and                           of the agreements; Assessing the achievement
                                                               of relevant milestones; and
         •    the     judgement    involved    in
              determining the inputs used in the           •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
              valuations.                                      included in Note 15 to the financial statements.




Other Information

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022, but does not include the financial
report and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that
gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In Note 1(a),
the directors also state in accordance with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 101 Presentation of
Financial Statements, that the financial report complies with International Financial Reporting Standards.
In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has
no realistic alternative but to do so.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial report based on our audit. Our objectives are to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
financial report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or
    error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
    misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
    collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
    are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
    effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
    based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
    conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
    conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
    the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
    Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,
    future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures,
    and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
    achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
    activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the
    direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
    opinion.
We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
public interest benefits of such communication.


Report on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2022.
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report
in accordance with s 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.


Auditor’s Opinion

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of the Company, for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with
section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                                        MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                      Director



Dated this 29th day of September 2022
Perth, Western Australia
ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not shown elsewhere in this
Annual Report is as follows. The information is made up to 16 September 2022.

DETAILS OF EQUITY SECURITIES

ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS

There are 304,569,881 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 6,704 individual shareholders. Each member
entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy or by attorney and on a show of hands every person who is a
member or a representative or a proxy of a member shall have one vote and on a poll every member present
in person or by proxy or attorney or other authorised representative shall have one vote for each share held.

TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS (AS AT 16 SEPTEMBER 2022)

Fully Paid Ordinary Shareholders                                                  Number         Percentage

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd (DRP)                                                  20,417,982              6.7%
Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega                                                    17,034,902              5.6%
Havelock Mining Investment Ltd                                                  16,983,004              5.6%
Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       16,110,060              5.3%
J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                       11,938,862              3.9%
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                       11,749,262              3.9%
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSCO ECA                              10,759,891              3.5%
Ms Margaret Lynette Harvey                                                       7,485,714              2.5%
UBS Nominees PTY LTD                                                             4,699,288              1.5%
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSI EDA                                4,682,794              1.5%
BNP Paribas Nominees PTY LTD <IB AU NOMS RETAILCLIENT DRP>                       4,628,997              1.5%
Leada Holdings Pty Ltd (Leada Investment A/c)                                    4,452,500              1.5%
Mrs Alison Claire Ovenden                                                        4,275,000              1.4%
Clive Jones (The Alyse Investment A/C)                                           4,199,254              1.4%
Mr Zhaoyang Liu                                                                  3,971,425              1.3%
Mr Terry James Gardiner                                                          3,623,600              1.2%
MR T J Gardiner + MRS V H Gardiner (Terry James Gardiner F/Fund)                 2,956,887              1.0%
Mr Bradley William Smith                                                         2,924,500              1.0%
BNP Paribas Nominees PTY LTD ACF Clearstream                                     2,428,301              0.8%
Chalwell Pension Fund                                                            2,100,001              0.7%
                                                                               157,422,224             51.8%

VOTING RIGHTS

Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes (at present there are
none) at general meetings of shareholders or classes of shareholders:

(a) each shareholder entitled to vote, may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or representative;

(b) on a show of hands, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative
    of a shareholder has one vote; and

(c) on a poll, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative of a
    shareholder shall, in respect of each fully paid share held, or in respect of which he/she has appointed
    a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for the share, but in respect of partly paid shares
    shall have a fraction of a vote equivalent to the proportion which the amount paid up bears to the
    total issue price for the share.

VOTING RIGHTS

There are 403 shareholders who hold less than a marketable parcel of shares.




                                                                                                          81
ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2022

DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE HOLDERS (AS AT 16 SEPTEMBER 2022)

                                                      Ordinary
                                                        Shares
        1 to       1,000                             1,075,753
    1,001 to       5,000                             6,539,203
    5,001 to      10,000                             7,052,625
   10,001 to    100,000                             42,277,159
 100,001 and over                                  247,625,141
                                                   304,569,881

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As at report date, the following shareholders are recorded as Substantial Shareholders pursuant to their
last notices lodged in accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act:

 Substantial Shareholder                                                 Ordinary Shares held   % Held

 Raymond Liu/Hongze Group Ltd/Havelock Mining Investments Ltd                      18,054,432    6.24%
 Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega and associated entities                              17,289,932    5.98%
 L1 Capital Pty Ltd                                                                15,528,580    5.23%

The percentage set out above is based on the total issued share capital at the date of ASX notification
of substantial shareholder interest.

SHARE BUY-BACKS

There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.

OTHER INFORMATION

Galan Lithium Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by
shares.

INTEREST IN MINING TENEMENTS (AS AT 16 SEPTEMBER 2022)

Argentina (Hombre Muerto projects) - 100% right, interest and/or title

DECEO I, II, III
CANDELA I - VI
CASA DEL INCA I, II, III, IV
CATALINA
SANTA BARBARA
PATA PILA
RANA de SAL I, II, III
PUCARA
DEL CONDOR
JAZMIN II
ARGENTINA GOLD

Australia (Greenbushes South project) – 80% Interest (G) Granted or (P) Pending


E70/4690 (G)                                      P70/1699 (P)
E70/4790 (G)                                      P70/1700 (P)
E70/6264 (P) (100% GLN)                           P70/1701 (P)
E70/4777 (G)                                      P70/1702 (P)
E70/6263 (P)                                      P70/1703 (P)
E70/5680 (G)                                      P70/1704 (P)
P70/1698 (P)




                                                                                                     82
