                             ACN 149 349 646
                         AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES




For personal use only
                        ANNUAL REPORT
                            30 June 2025
                        CONTENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025




                          Corporate Directory                                                       1

                          Directors’ Report                                                         2

                          Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                        28

                          Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   29

                          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                              30

                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               31

                          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                          32




For personal use only
                          Notes to the Financial Statements                                         33

                          Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement                                  60

                          Directors’ Declaration                                                    61

                          Independent Auditor’s Report                                              62

                          Additional Shareholder Information                                        67
                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025




                        Directors

                        Richard Homsany (Non-Executive Chairman)
                        Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (Managing Director)
                        Terry Gardiner (Non-Executive Director)
                        Daniel Jimenez (Non-Executive Director)
                        Maria Claudia Pohl (Non-Executive Director)

                        CFO

                        Ross Dinsdale


                        Company Secretary




For personal use only
                        Mike Robbins

                        Registered Office

                        Level 1, 50 Kings Park Road
                        West Perth, WA, 6005
                        Ph: +61 8 9214 2150
                        Email: admin@galanlithium.com.au
                        Website: www.galanlithium.com.au

                        Auditors

                        Hall Chadwick
                        283 Rokeby Road
                        Subiaco WA 6008

                        Share Registry

                        Automic Share Registry
                        Level 5, 191 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth WA 6000

                        Home Stock Exchange Listing

                        Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX) – Perth, Australia

                        ASX Code - GLN

                        FSX Code - 9CH




                                                                                          1
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        The Directors submit their report on Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan) and its controlled
                        entities (the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 (the year).

                        Galan is a company limited by shares that is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its listed equity
                        securities are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).

                        1.      DIRECTORS & OFFICERS

                        The names and details of the Company’s Directors in office during the year and until the date of this report
                        are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire year unless otherwise stated.

                        Directors

                        Richard Homsany - Non-Executive Chairman

                        Mr Homsany is an experienced corporate lawyer who has extensive board and operational experience
                        in the resources and energy sectors. He is Executive Chairman of ASX listed Toro Energy Limited (ASX:TOE),
                        Executive Vice President, Australia of TSX listed Mega Uranium Ltd (TSX:MGA), a Non-Executive Director of
                        Brookside Energy Ltd, Chairman of Health Insurance Fund of Australia Ltd and the principal of Cardinals




For personal use only
                        Lawyers and Consultants, a boutique corporate and energy & resources law firm .

                        Other listed directorships

                        Redstone Resources Limited                 Since November 2007
                        Toro Energy Limited                        Since December 2013
                        Brookside Energy Limited                   Since February 2020

                        Equity Interests

                        4,825,756 ordinary shares
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 25 Feb 2027)
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 16 Dec 2027)
                        2,000,000 service rights (with time vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)
                        65,217 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 Mar 2029)
                        1,000,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)

                        Juan Pablo (‘JP’) Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director

                        JP is a Chilean/Australian mineral industry professional with 23 years’ broad experience in ASX listed mining
                        companies, stockbroking and private equity firms. JP has been a specialist lithium analyst in Australia, has
                        also operated a private copper business in Chile and has worked for BHP, Rio Tinto and Codelco. He was
                        the founder of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd, the vendor of the original Argentinian assets and has been Galan’s
                        Managing Director since mid 2018.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Equity Interests

                        23,741,650 ordinary shares
                        3,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 25 Feb 2027)
                        3,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 16 Dec 2027)
                        2,239,129 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 Mar 2029)
                        600,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)
                        5,000,000 unlisted options (with financing vesting condition – exercise price of $0.35 with 5-year expiry
                        date)
                        1,696,546 performance rights (with STI performance vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)
                        1,454,182 performance rights (with PI performance vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)




                                                                                                                                   2
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Ms Claudia Pohl – Non-Executive Director

                        Ms Pohl is a civil industrial engineer with over 23 years’ senior executive experience at Sociedad Química
                        y Minera de Chile (SQM NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) a world leader in the lithium
                        industry. Since leaving SQM, she has been Managing Partner and General Manager of Chilean based
                        Ad-Infinitum, a process engineering consultancy, with specific focus on lithium brine projects under study
                        and development, and the associated project evaluations.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Equity Interests

                        43,478 ordinary shares
                        780,000 service rights (with time vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)
                        21,739 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)

                        Terry James Gardiner - Non-Executive Director




For personal use only
                        Mr Gardiner has over 25 years’ experience in capital markets, stockbroking & derivatives trading and prior
                        to that had many years trading in equities & derivatives for his family accounts. Currently a Director of
                        boutique stockbroking firm Barclay Wells Limited, and a Non-Executive Director of Cazaly Resources Ltd
                        and Charger Metals NL plus non-executive positions with other ASX listed entities.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Cazaly Resources Limited since December 2016.
                        Roto-Gro International Limited since July 2019.
                        Charger Metals NL since August 2021

                        Equity Interests

                        11,126,584 ordinary shares
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 25 Feb 2027)
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 16 Dec 2027)
                        780,000 service rights (with time vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)
                        1,315,217 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 Mar 2029)
                        200,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)

                        Daniel Jimenez - Non-Executive Director

                        Mr Jimenez is a civil industrial engineer and MBA, who previously worked for the world leader in the lithium
                        industry Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) for
                        28 years based in Santiago, Chile, Belgium and the USA. His last position was as Senior Vice President
                        Commercial Lithium, Iodine and Industrial Chemicals where he formulated the commercial strategy and
                        marketing of SQM’s industrial products and was responsible for over US$900 million worth of sales .

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Equity Interests

                        4,050,224 ordinary shares
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 25 Feb 2027)
                        1,500,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions – expire 16 Dec 2027)
                        780,000 service rights (with time vesting conditions – expire 16 Jun 2030)
                        164,892 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)




                                                                                                                                  3
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Officers

                        Ross Dinsdale – Chief Financial Officer (appointed 10 July 2024)

                        Mr Ross Dinsdale has 18 years of extensive experience across capital markets, equity research, investment
                        banking and executive roles in the natural resources sector. He has held positions with Goldman Sachs,
                        Azure Capital and more recently he acted as CFO for Mallee Resources Limited. He is a CFA charter
                        holder, has a Bachelor of Commerce and holds a Graduate Diploma in Applied Finance.

                        Mike Robbins - Company Secretary

                        Mr Robbins has over 25 years resource industry experience gathered at both operational and corporate
                        levels, both within Australia and overseas. During that time, he has held numerous project and head office
                        management positions and is also Company Secretary for Cazaly Resources Limited.

                        2.         DIVIDENDS

                        No dividend has been paid during the year and no dividend is recommended for the year.




For personal use only
                        3.         DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

                        The number of Directors’ meetings held and conducted during the financial year and the number of
                        meetings attended by each Director are:

                                                                                                         Meetings
                                                                                                       No.          No.
                                                                                                  Eligible    Attended

                         Mr Homsany                                                                      8              8
                         Mr Vargas de la Vega                                                            8              8
                         Ms Pohl                                                                         8              5
                         Mr Gardiner                                                                     8              8
                         Mr Jimenez                                                                      8              7


                        For details of the function of the Board and any relevant committees please refer to the Corporate
                        Governance Statement on the Company’s website at www.galanlithium.com.au.

                        4.         PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

                        The principal activity of the Company during the course of the financial year consisted of mineral
                        exploration, evaluation and development.

                        5.         RISKS

                        Risk Factors

                        There are risks that specifically relate to the Company’s current mode of operations. The following is not
                        intended to be an exhaustive list of risk factors to which the Company may be exposed.

                        Operating and Development Risks

                        The current and future operations of the Company, including exploration, project appraisal, development
                        and possible production activities may be affected by various factors which can limit or prevent such
                        activities. Such factors may include failure to locate or identify mineral deposits, failure to achieve
                        predicted grades in exploration and mining, operational and technical difficulties encountered in
                        surveying, drilling, other exploration activities and/or production activities, difficulties in commissioning
                        and operating plant and equipment, electrical or mechanical failure or plant break, unanticipated
                        metallurgical problems which may affect extraction costs, adverse weather conditions, industrial and
                        environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of skilled
                        labour, consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment.




                                                                                                                                   4
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        The ability of Galan to achieve development timelines and production targets, or meet operating and
                        capital expenditure estimates on a timely basis cannot be assured. There is a risk that current estimates
                        of the cost of Phase 1 of the HMW Project will not be met and/or further unanticipated funding may be
                        required in the future. There is also a risk that the development timetable for Phase 1 of the HMW Project
                        takes longer than planned and further injections of working capital are required before the
                        commencement of commercial production. Production costs for the Company’s product may be
                        negatively affected by a rise in the cost of key inputs or a rise in other costs such as labour.

                        Risks to completion of Phase 1

                        While the Company considers there to be a reasonable basis for its Phase 1 HMW Project production
                        forecasts, the forecasts are subject to a number of factors, many of which cannot be foreseen and are
                        beyond the control of the Company. These factors may cause the production forecasts not to be
                        achieved or to be achieved later than expected.

                        Geographical and concentration risk

                        The Company’s flagship HMW Project is located in Argentina. Any circumstance or event which
                        negatively impacts Argentina could materially affect the financial performance of the Company more




For personal use only
                        significantly than if it had a geographically diversified asset base.

                        Offtake risk

                        On 16 April 2025, the Company announced that it had secured an offtake and funding package that will
                        enable the world class HMW project to move into Phase 1 production.

                        The Company’s operations and future revenues are dependent on the counterparties to existing and
                        future offtake agreements performing their obligations. If counterparties do not take their obligated
                        quantities of product or seek to renegotiate the price or quantity of product, the Company’s profitability
                        could be adversely affected. The risk of non-performance or attempted renegotiation of terms by the
                        Company’s offtake customers is enhanced by prevailing demand and pricing sensitivities currently
                        impacting the global market for lithium products.

                        If any of the Company’s offtake customers default under agreed delivery schedules and/or any of its
                        future offtake agreements are otherwise terminated, there can be no assurance that the Company will
                        find a new counterparty willing to enter into a replacement offtake agreement with similar pricing,
                        quantity of terms.

                        Technology Risk

                        The Company will work with Authium to process raw brine, via nanofiltration, into processed brine which
                        can then be concentrated via evaporation to a final lithium chloride concentrate. Nanofiltration is a
                        physical separation process of impurity removal whereas the Company’s definitive feasibility study had
                        contemplated a chemical separation of impurities via liming and filtration. The Company has tested
                        samples of its raw brine through the nanofiltration technology with positive results but it cannot offer
                        guarantees that the processing technology will operate successfully at project scale at the HMW site. The
                        Company has been advised that the adoption of the nanofiltration processing technology will not affect
                        the Company’s operating approvals (DIA) with the Argentine Authorities however periodic EIA
                        submissions will include the use of the nanofiltration as part of the permitting regime and risks relating to
                        Title and Tenure could therefore apply (see Title and Tenure risks section).

                        Additional Requirements for Capital

                        The Company’s capital requirements depend on numerous factors. The Company may require additional
                        financing for exploration and development of its existing projects or for additional other capital
                        expenditure in the future. There can be no guarantee that the project funding or such additional funding
                        will be obtained on acceptable terms or at all, particularly having regard to the current condition of
                        global financial markets and commodity prices. Any equity financing will dilute existing shareholdings,
                        and debt financing (if available) may involve restrictions on future financing and operating activities. If
                        the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed or unable to obtain it on acceptable
                        terms (whether or not due to the Company’s circumstances or economic and share market conditions
                        or both), it may be required to reduce the scope of its operations and scale back its exploration
                        programmes. This could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s activities and the value of its
                        securities.

                                                                                                                                   5
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Title and Tenure Risk

                        This may specifically cover mining tenure whereby country specific mining laws and legislation apply.

                        Any opportunity in Australia and overseas will be subject to particular risks associated with operating in
                        Australia or the respective foreign country. These risks may include economic, social or political instability
                        or change, hyperinflation, currency non-convertibility or instability and changes of law affecting foreign
                        ownership, exchange control, exploration licensing, export duties, investment into a foreign country and
                        repatriation of income or return of capital, environmental protection, land access and environmental
                        regulation, mine safety, labour relations as well as government control over mineral properties or
                        government regulations that require the employment of local staff or contractors or require other benefits
                        be provided to local residents.

                        The Company may lose title to, or lose rights or interests in, project tenements if the contractual obligations
                        and/or conditions to which those tenements are subject are not satisfied or if insufficient funds are
                        available to meet contractual and expenditure commitments. In the jurisdictions in which the Company
                        operates, both the conduct of operations and the steps involved in acquiring interests involve
                        compliance with numerous procedures and formalities. It is not always possible to comply with, or obtain
                        waivers from, all such requirements and it is not always clear whether requirements have been properly




For personal use only
                        completed, or that it is possible or practical to obtain evidence of compliance.

                        Access Risk – Cultural Heritage and Native Title

                        The Company must comply with various country specific cultural heritage and native title legislation
                        including access agreements which require various commitments, such as base studies and compliant
                        survey work, to be undertaken ahead of the commencement of mining operations.
                        It is possible that some areas of those tenements may not be available for exploration due to cultural
                        heritage and native title legislation or invalid access agreements. The Company may need to obtain the
                        consent of the holders of such interests before commencing activities on affected areas of the
                        tenements. These consents may be delayed or may be given on conditions which are not satisfactory to
                        the Company.

                        Reliance on Key Personnel

                        The responsibility of overseeing the day to day operations of the Company depends on its management
                        and its key personnel. The Company is aware of the need to have sufficient management to properly
                        supervise the exploration and, if exploration is successful, the development of the Company’s projects.
                        As the Company’s projects and prospects progress and develop, the Board will continually monitor the
                        management requirements in the Company and look to employ or engage additional personnel when
                        and where appropriate to ensure proper management of the Company’s projects. However there is a
                        risk that the Company may not be able to secure personnel with the relevant experience at the
                        appropriate time which may impact on the Company’s ability to complete all of its planned exploration
                        programmes within the expected timetable. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that there will be
                        no adverse effect on the Company if one or more of its existing Directors or management personnel
                        cease their employment or engagement with the Company.

                        Contractual and Joint Venture Risk

                        The Company has and may have additional options where it can increase its holding in the selective
                        assets by achieving or undertaking selected milestones. The Company’s ability to achieve its objectives
                        and earn or maintain an interest in these projects is dependent upon it and the registered holders of those
                        tenements complying with their respective contractual obligations under joint venture and other
                        contractual arrangements in respect of those tenements, and the registered holders complying with the
                        terms and conditions of the tenements and any other relevant legislation.

                        The Directors are unable to predict the risk of financial failure or default by a participant in any joint
                        venture or other contractual arrangement to which the Company is or may become a party, of the
                        insolvency or other managerial failure by any of the contractors used by the Company in any of its
                        activities or of the insolvency or managerial failure of any of the other service providers used by the
                        Company for any activities.




                                                                                                                                     6
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Sovereign and Political Risk

                        Argentina

                        The Company acquired 100% of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (Blue Sky) on 25 June 2018. The acquisition of
                        Blue Sky means the Company (through Blue Sky) holds options to acquire the rights to projects located in
                        Argentina. Mineral exploration tenure in the Argentina is governed by Argentinian legislation.

                        The Company’s interests in Argentina will be subject to the risks associated with operating in a foreign
                        country. These risks may include economic, social or political instability or change, hyperinflation,
                        currency non-convertibility or instability and changes of law affecting foreign ownership, exchange
                        control, exploration licensing, export duties, investment into a foreign country and repatriation of income
                        or return of capital, environmental protection, land access and environmental regulation, mine safety,
                        labour relations as well as government control over petroleum properties or government regulations that
                        require the employment of local staff or contractors or require other benefits be provided to local
                        residents.

                        The Company may also be hindered or preventing from enforcing its rights with respect to government
                        instrumentalities because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity.




For personal use only
                        Any future material adverse changes in government policies or legislation in Argentina that affect
                        ownership, mineral exploration, development or mining activities, may affect the viability and profitability
                        of the Company.

                        General

                        The legal systems operating in Argentina are different to that in Australia and this may result in risks such
                        as:

                              ▪      Different forms of legal redress in the courts whether in respect of a breach of law or
                                     regulation, or in ownership dispute.
                              ▪      A higher degree of discretion on the part of governmental agencies.
                              ▪      Differences in political and administrative guidance on implementing applicable rules and
                                     regulations including, in particular, as regards local taxation and property rights.
                              ▪      Different attitudes of the judiciary and court.
                              ▪      Difficultly in enforcing judgments.

                        The commitment by local business people, government officials and agencies and the judicial system to
                        abide by legal requirements and negotiated agreements may be more uncertain, creating particular
                        concerns with respect to licences and agreements for business. These may be susceptible to revision or
                        cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain or delayed. There can be no assurance that joint
                        ventures, licences, licence applications or other legal arrangements will not be adversely affected by the
                        actions of government authorities or others and the effectiveness and enforcement of such arrangements
                        cannot be assured.

                        The Company cannot guarantee that the licences and/or tenements in which it may acquire an interest,
                        if it completes the acquisition, or any other licences and/or tenements in which it has or may acquire in
                        the future, will be renewed beyond their current expiry date and there is a material risk that, in the event
                        the holder of those licences and/or tenements is unable to renew any of them beyond their current expiry
                        date, all or part of the Company’s interests in the corresponding projects may be relinquis hed.

                        The Company’s future operations in Argentina may be affected by changing political conditions and
                        changes to laws and/or mining policies. The effects of these factors cannot be accurately predicted
                        and developments may impede the operation or development of a project or even render it
                        uneconomic.

                        Access to Infrastructure

                        The Company’s projects depend on an uninterrupted flow of materials, supplies, equipment, services and
                        finished products. Due to the geographic location of Galan’s projects, it is dependent on third parties for
                        the provision of transportation and other infrastructure services. Contractual disputes, availability of
                        transport, weather problems, labour disruptions or other factors could have a material adverse effect on
                        the Company’s ability to transport (or take delivery of transported) materials according to schedules and
                        contractual commitments and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,

                                                                                                                                   7
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        projects, operations and financial performance. If the Company progresses to production there is no
                        guarantee that appropriate and affordable other infrastructure services such as power and water will be
                        available, which could have an adverse effect on the Company. In the event of production the
                        Company must have the supply of both power and water infrastructure. Due to high demand for power
                        and water access there is a risk that the Company may not be able to procure such access, or procure
                        it on affordable terms, which could have an adverse effect on the Company.

                        Environmental Risks

                        The Company’s business is subject to extensive government environmental regulation, in Australia and
                        overseas, which set standards regulating certain environmental matters. If a relevant government or
                        regulatory body introduces new, more stringent laws or regulations, or changes to existing laws and
                        regulations or the interpretation thereof, the Company may face project disruptions, increases in
                        operating costs and significant constraints on flexibility and the ability to expand its business operations or
                        to maximise its profitability, which may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
                        operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, failure to comply with regulations may result in
                        significant damages or penalties being imposed on the Company, including for certain discharges into
                        the environment, effects on employees, sub-contractors or customers, or as clean-up costs. If significant
                        damages or penalties are imposed on the Company this may have a material adverse effect on the




For personal use only
                        Company. The Company is not aware of any existing environmental laws or issues which cannot be
                        resolved or would materially limit the Company’s ability to proceed with the ongoing activities at its
                        projects. However, the Company’s projects may utilise the use of various chemicals, including those which
                        are designated as hazardous substances. Contamination from hazardous substances, either at its own
                        properties, or other locations for which it may be responsible, may subject Galan to liability for the
                        investigation and remediation of contamination, as well as for claims seeking to recover for related
                        property damage, personal injury or damage to natural resources.

                        The cost and complexity of complying with the applicable environmental laws and regulations may
                        prevent the Company from being able to develop potential economically viable mineral deposits. The
                        Company may require approval from the relevant authorities before it can undertake activities that are
                        likely to impact the environment. Failure to obtain such approvals or to obtain them on terms acceptable
                        to the Company may prevent the Company from undertaking its desired activities. The Company is
                        unable to predict the effect of additional environmental laws and regulations, which may be adopted in
                        the future, including whether any such laws or regulations would materially increase the Company’s cost
                        of doing business or affect its operations in any area.

                        There can be no assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies,
                        once implemented, will not oblige the Company to incur significant expenses and undertake significant
                        investments in such respect which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
                        financial condition and results of operations.

                        The Company’s method of production at its HMW Project, being the brine evaporation method, is to a
                        significant degree driven by solar radiation and other environmental factors and is therefore susceptible
                        to seasonal variations and is particularly susceptible to abnormal weather and climatic events. There is a
                        risk that adverse weather and climate events may cause significant variability in the HMW Project’s
                        production profile and may negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial performance, as
                        was experienced in a 2017 weather event.

                        The ongoing support of the local communities and the appropriate management of local community
                        expectations is very important to the efficient and profitable operations of the Company at the HMW
                        Project. The failure of the Company to maintain and further develop its community engagement
                        programmes and provide education, employment and other economic and social benefits to the local
                        communities would risk disaffection on the part of the communities which may have adverse implications
                        for the Company’s operations in the local area and Argentina generally.

                        Resource Estimates

                        Resource estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry
                        practice. Estimates which were valid when originally calculated may alter significantly when new
                        information or techniques become available. In addition, by their very nature, resource estimates are
                        imprecise and depend to some extent on interpretations which may prove to be inaccurate. As further
                        information becomes available through additional fieldwork and analysis the estimates are likely to
                        change. This may result in alterations to development and mining plans which may, in turn, adversely
                        affect the Company’s operations and the value of its securities.

                                                                                                                                     8
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Commercial Risk

                        The mining industry is competitive and there is no assurance that, even if commercial quantities of
                        minerals are discovered by the Company on its current projects or future projects it may acquire an
                        interest in, a profitable market will exist for sales of such minerals. There can be no assurance that the
                        quality of any such minerals will be such that they can be mined economically.

                        Commodity Price Volatility and Exchange Rate Risks

                        If the Company achieves success leading to mineral production, the revenue it will derive through the
                        sale of lithium or any other commodities it may discover exposes the potential income of the Company
                        to commodity price and exchange rate risks. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many
                        factors beyond the control of the Company. Such factors include supply and demand fluctuations for
                        precious metals, technological advancements, forward selling activities and other macro -economic
                        factors such as inflation expectations, interest rates and general global economic conditions.
                        Furthermore, international prices of various commodities are denominated in United States dollars
                        whereas the income and expenditure of the Company are and will be taken into account in Australian
                        currency. This exposes the Company to the fluctuations and volatility of the rate of exchange between
                        the United States dollar and the Australian dollar and other currencies as determined in international




For personal use only
                        markets.

                        If the price of commodities declines this could have an adverse effect on the Company’s exploration,
                        development and possible production activities, and its ability to fund these activities, which may no
                        longer be profitable.

                        Climate change risk

                        The Company acknowledges the emergence of new or expanded regulations associated with the
                        transitioning to a lower-carbon economy and market changes related to climate change mitigation. The
                        Company may be impacted by changes to local or international compliance regulations related to
                        climate change mitigation efforts, or by specific taxation or penalties for carbon emissions or
                        environmental damage. These examples sit amongst an array of possible restraints on industry that may
                        further impact the Company and its profitability. While the Company will endeavour to manage these
                        risks and limit any consequential impacts, there can be no guarantee that the Company will not be
                        impacted by these occurrences; and

                        Climate change may cause certain physical and environmental risks that cannot be predicted by the
                        Company, including events such as increased severity of weather patterns and incidence of extreme
                        weather events and longer term physical risks such as shifti ng climate patterns. All these risks associated
                        with climate change may significantly change the industry in which the Company operates.

                        6.      OPERATIONS & CORPORATE REVIEW

                        ESG
                        Galan continues its focus on the discovery and production of lithium as a critical resource for the
                        development of EV batteries, to align with world decarbonisation aims and the transition to a more
                        sustainable future. From its early ventures in Argentina, Galan has strived to put the well-being of its
                        employees, communities and the environment first and foremost, as it continues its ongoing commitment
                        towards a sustainable future for all its stakeholders.

                        Galan is committed to sustainable and responsible practices aligned with the World Economic Forum's
                        international framework and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our
                        Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) management reporting are completed in line the
                        Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics of the World Economic Forum.

                        During the 2025 financial year, the Galan team matured its ESG monitoring and reporting whilst also further
                        developing its ESG framework which is aligned to the 21-core metrics and disclosures as promoted by the
                        World Economic Forum.




                                                                                                                                  9
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25


                        Governance

                        Board Composition: Ensuring adherence to ASX related corporate governance principles and practices,
                        the composition of Galan’s Board reflects a commitment to diversity and independence and seeks to
                        align its leadership structure with international best practices, enhancing accountability and broadening
                        strategic insights.

                        Corruption and Integrity: The Company places a high priority on maintaining transparency and
                        conducting ethical business practice across its operations. It has robust internal controls in place, including
                        a clear anti-bribery and corruption policy, and a transparent reporting structure that demonstrates its
                        strong commitment to sound ethical undertakings.

                        Planet

                        Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: As part of its dedication to sustainability, Galan actively manages its
                        greenhouse gas emissions. Effective management requires monitoring, setting goals, and enforcing
                        regulations to ensure emissions targets are met. The Company tracks its current HMW and Candelas
                        carbon footprints and projects its future emissions, aiming to be within the first quartile of the industry’s




For personal use only
                        emissions curve.

                        Land Use and Biodiversity: Galan is committed to maintaining a harmonious relationship with the natural
                        environment. The Company conducts biannual biodiversity studies to monitor and mitigate any adverse
                        impact on local ecosystems.

                        In addition, during the HMW Phase 2 Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) process, the Company
                        engaged with local communities through participatory mechanisms, complied with regulatory and
                        statutory oversight, and facilitated public hearings to ensure transparent and inclusive dialogue.

                        The approval of the HMW Phase 2 Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) further demonstrated Galan's
                        commitment to environmental stewardship.

                        The Company aims to adhere to world’s best practice in respect of waste management, recycling, and
                        regulatory compliance. With continual monitoring, Galan ensures the protection of biodiversity and
                        minimizes the footprint of its activities on the natural world.

                        During the financial year, an independent, third-party environmental audit was conducted at HMW to
                        ensure the Company’s compliance with applicable environmental regulations and sustainability
                        standards.

                        Water Use: Recognising the vital importance of water conservation, Galan takes a proactive approach
                        to responsible water usage. The Company measures water consumption daily and conducts monthly
                        assessments of both fresh and groundwater quality. Galan also conducts quarterly “participatory
                        monitoring” of water conservation and usage, by working together with local communities to track,
                        evaluate and promote sustainable and responsible water management.

                        People

                        Human Rights and Modern Slavery: Galan is dedicated to ensuring that its operations are free from
                        modern slavery and human rights abuses. The Company has a Modern Slavery Policy in place along with
                        robust internal controls and processes to prevent violations within its business practices across its
                        operations. This includes routine audits, strict supplier codes of conduct, and transparent reporting
                        mechanisms to uphold ethical labour practices.

                        Diversity, Inclusion, and Equality: Diversity and inclusion are central to Galan’s organisational culture. The
                        Company measures and promotes gender, origin and age diversity within its workforce, including
                        leadership positions. In FY2025, female participation represents ~26% of Galan’s HMW workforce.

                        In addition, Galan actively prioritises the recruitment of local talent. During FY2025, over 82% of the HMW
                        workforce consisted of local employees, reflecting its ongoing commitment to the Catamarcan
                        community.




                                                                                                                                    10
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                                                             Diversity and Inclusion -Gender
                                                                         FY2025

                                                                     26%




                                                                                              74%


                                                                            Male      Female

                                                                     Diversity and Inclusion - Origin
                                                                                 FY2025
                                                      100%




For personal use only
                                                                             82%
                                                       80%
                                                       60%
                                                       40%
                                                                                              18%
                                                       20%
                                                        0%
                                                                                    2025

                                                                          Catamarca      Others




                        Health and Safety: The health and safety of Galan’s employees, consultants and contractors is of utmost
                        importance. To ensure a safe and healthy work environment, the Company has developed operation-
                        specific Occupational Health and Safety (OH&S) policies. The Company collects data on a range of
                        health and safety-related issues, including:

                             •     Workplace Accidents: Tracking incidents, near misses, and lost-time injuries.

                             •     Health and Well-being: Monitoring physical and mental health, including stress, and providing
                                   employee support services.

                             •     Community Health: Evaluating and addressing risks posed by business operations to local
                                   communities.

                        The Company and its contracting teams recorded a total of four lost time injuries (LTI’s) during the
                        financial year, with all having a low severity rating.


                                                                    Lost Time Injuries (LTI's)
                         4

                         3

                         2

                         1

                         0
                                 Q3 CY 2023   Q4 CY 2023     Q1 CY 2024     Q2 CY 2024        Q3 CY 2024   Q4 CY 2024   Q1 CY 2025   Q2 CY 2025

                                                                           Lost Time Injury         Target LTI




                                                                                                                                       11
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25


                        In addition, Galan provides ongoing training and development programs to enhance safety awareness
                        and skills across its workforce. To further support employee wellbeing, Galan continues with a
                        comprehensive wellbeing program aimed at promoting physical and mental health.

                        Over the last 18 months, Galan has formulated and established its HMW Emergency Response Team (ERT).
                        The ERT is composed of male and female volunteers who continue to train and learn to ensure a prompt
                        and effective response to any potential safety incidents.

                        Prosperity

                        Rate of Employment: Galan tracks workforce growth, proportion of local workforce participation and
                        employee turnover (including exit interview processes).

                        Economic Contribution: As part of its strategy for sustainable development, Galan is focussed on
                        supporting the local economy. During the financial year, the Company contributed to several initiatives
                        aimed at community development, including education programs, health services, and infrastructure
                        projects. These investments aim to improve the quality of life for local residents and contribute to the
                        broader social and economic growth of the region.




For personal use only
                        Community Relations: At Galan, building strong relationships with local communities is a key part of our
                        corporate responsibility objective. We continue to invest resources in community development initiatives
                        designed to ensure that our operations bring direct benefits to the communities around us—particularly
                        in the areas of health, education, small business development, and tourism.

                        Government Relations: Galan values its relationship with government authorities, recognising the crucial
                        role of government support in fostering sustainable growth. The Company maintains regular
                        communication with government representatives, engaging in discussions about regulatory updates,
                        community initiatives, and regional development. These partnerships ensure that Galan’s operations are
                        aligned with governmental priorities and that the company is contributing to the overall progress of the
                        community and the region.


                        Hombre Muerto West (100% Galan)

                        The Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project is located in the Hombre Muerto basin, one of the most prolific
                        salt flats in the world. The basin is located in the Argentinean Puna plateau of the high Andes Mountains
                        at an elevation of approximately 4,000 m above sea level. The Project is 90 km north of the town of
                        Antofagasta de la Sierra, in the Province of Catamarca, Argentina and is located to the West and South
                        of the Salar del Hombre Muerto.

                        The HMW Project is in close proximity to the established El Fenix lithium operation, Sal de Vida (both
                        projects are operated by Rio Tinto) and Sal de Oro (POSCO) lithium projects (Figure 1). The project is
                        around 1,400 km northwest of Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina and 170 km west-southwest of the
                        city of Salta.

                        HMW is a tier-1 lithium brine project located on the Hombre Muerto salar in Argentina. Phase 1 is designed
                        to deliver 4ktpa LCE as a 6% lithium chloride concentrate, over an initial 40 -year mine life (1). Current brine
                        inventories sit at approximately 9,000t LCE.

                        Project execution remains on schedule with the following key developments during and post quarter:

                            •   Secured binding commitment for Phase 1 funding solution with Clean Elements
                            •   Authium completed detailed engineering design of the nano-filtration plant
                            •   Orders for fabrication of the nano-filtration plant have been issued
                            •   Installation and commissioning of nano-filtration plant targeted for H2 2025
                            •   Site construction activities, including completion of pond 4 targeted for H2 2025
                            •   First production expected in H1 2026

                        HMW is a multi-decade, lithium brine project with compelling economics. Phase 1 provides for a 4ktpa
                        LCE operation, producing a 6% LiCl concentrate product over a projected 40 -year life (1). Finalisation of
                        Phase 1 and commencement of production is the key focus Galan. Beyond Phase 1, the Company will
                        undertake a phased scaling approach, eventually ramping up to 60ktpa at the conclusion of Phase 4.
                        This approach mitigates funding and execution risk and will allow for continuous process improvement.

                                                                                                                                     12
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        With a world class resource and a cost profile within the first quartile globally, HMW is a clear
                        demonstration of the benefits of a high-quality lithium brine asset. These benefits are allowing Galan to
                        progress through development and into production with a lower capital intensity and lower risk profile
                        when compared to hard rock lithium (spodumene) projects.

                        Importantly, lithium chloride is a key component for lithium iron phosphate (LFP) batteries, which have
                        become the dominant battery product globally. With the ability to be cost effectively converted into a
                        lithium dihydrogen phosphate or lithium carbonate, lithium chloride, as will be produced at HMW, is an
                        ideal source for LFP batteries.

                        Please refer to Mineral Resource Table for Galan’s Total Resources of 9.5Mt LCE.

                        (1) Please refer to the announcement dated 3 July 2023 (ASX: Phase 1 of Hombre Muerto West (DFS Delivers

                        Compelling Economic Results for Accelerated Production). The Company confirms that all material
                        assumptions underpinning the production target continue to apply and have not materially changed.

                        RIGI Incentive Regime

                        On 25 July 2025, the Company advised that the Comite Evaluador de Proyectos RIGI, responsible for




For personal use only
                        awarding the Argentine Government’s Régimen de Incentivo para Grandes Inversiones (the incentive
                        regime for large-scale investments referred to as the “RIGI”), approved the RIGI for Galan’s flagship HMW
                        project in Catamarca Province, Argentina. Galan received official notification of approvals relating to
                        the RIGI on 28 August 2025. The RIGI is a landmark investment framework introduced as part of the
                        Government of Argentina’s new economic reform agenda, aimed at encouraging large -scale
                        investment in key sectors, including mining. The RIGI provides long-term certainty on tax and foreign
                        exchange regulations, as well as streamlined permitting, both critical enablers for project financing,
                        efficient construction and operation of the HMW Project over its multi -decade life.

                        HMW is only the sixth project to receive the RIGI approval in Argentina and the second in the mining
                        sector, following the recent award to Rio Tinto’s Rincon project.

                        Key Benefits of the RIGI for the HMW project:

                            •   Reduced Corporate Income Tax - a significant 10% reduction in corporate income tax rate to
                                25%.
                            •   Fiscal Stability - Certainty around income tax, royalties, and export duties for 30 years.
                            •   Foreign Exchange - Preferential access to currency markets for imports and dividend repatriation.
                            •   Customs & Tariff Exemptions - Reduced barriers for importing critical equipment and materials.
                            •   Accelerated Depreciation - Improved cash flow through tax-effective project development.




                                                                                                                              13
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25




For personal use only




                                    Figure 1: Location of Galan’s 100% owned HMW and Candelas Projects in Argentina




                                                                                                                      14
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Offtake and Prepayment Facility

                        As announced on 16 April 2025, the Company signed definitive agreements (Agreements) with Authium,
                        including a lithium chloride concentrate Offtake Agreement and an Operating Agreement which
                        governs the roles and obligations for the processing technology to be implemented at HMW.

                        Following a comprehensive review of potential funding options the Company decided that Authium was
                        its preferred partner. The partnership with Authium offers the Company superior financial, technical and
                        timing benefits to other identified alternatives and yields the best outcome for the Company and its
                        shareholders to complete HMW Phase 1 and commence the receipt of revenues.

                        Under the terms of the Agreements, Galan will sell 45 kt (LCE) of its lithium chloride concentrate to Authium
                        over a period of 6 to 12 years. Galan will continue to manage the current HMW lithium brine inventories
                        (estimated at 9,000t LCE), to final lithium chloride concentrate and will utilise Authium’s HMW based nano
                        filtration processing plant to enable Galan to reach its target lithium chloride concentrate grade of 6%.

                        One of the key benefits of the Authium partnership is, that Authium will fund, supply and operate the
                        processing plant at HMW. As a result, Authium’s proposal will enable Galan to significantly reduce its
                        capital costs to complete HMW Phase 1, by removing $41.5 million of capital expenditure relating to the




For personal use only
                        liming plant and is also expected to reduce operating costs by around 18% relative to the HMW Phase 1
                        DFS (https://tinyurl.com/GalanLithium), due to cost savings related to the reagents and filtering plant.

                        In addition, Galan has the ability to drawdown on offtake prepayments of up to US$6 million over a 6 -
                        month period commencing from the date lithium is processed through the processing plant
                        (Prepayment).

                        Authium is an Australian entity with expertise in mineral commercialization and innovative processing
                        solutions. The team has a history of developing lithium projects, including the first chemical process to
                        extract lithium from unconcentrated brine. Under the agreements, Authium will supply, fund, commission
                        and remotely operate the nano-filtration skid units at the HMW site. This proven technique selectively
                        removes impurities while allowing lithium to pass through. The process has been successfully deplo yed at
                        multiple international lithium projects, including the Rio Tinto Rincon Project.

                        Successful Due Diligence completed - $20M placement to proceed

                        As announced on 25 August 2025, all conditions relating to the $20 million share placement (Placement)
                        to the Clean Elements Fund (Clean Elements) were completed. Clean Elements advised that all
                        conditions precedent to the Placement had been satisfied. As such, the Placement would proceed to
                        settlement, providing Galan with the funding required for the finalisation of the HMW Phase 1 construction
                        over the remainder of the 2025 calendar year, with first production of lithium chloride concentrate
                        scheduled for H1 2026.

                        Settlement takes place in two equal tranches of $10 million. Tranche 1 settlement was received on 1
                        September 2025 and Tranche 2 of the Placement will settle no later than 22 November 2025 .

                        Candelas Project (100% Galan)

                        The Candelas Project (refer Figure 1) is supported by a full Preliminary Economic Assessment and a JORC
                        2012 Resource (refer Table 3) and lies approximately 40 km ESE of the HMW Project. It is hosted within a
                        ~15 km by 3–4 km wide structurally controlled basin infilled with sediments that host the Li-bearing brines.

                        Candelas has no 3 rd party royalties attached to it and has a readily accessible reverse osmosis water
                        source.

                        The Candelas project will be incorporated into Phase 4 of the revised 60ktpa production plan.

                        Greenbushes South Project (100% Galan)

                        While Galan’s focus remains on the construction activities at HMW, the Company is also committed to
                        maintaining and exploring its exploration tenure at Greenbushes South and surrounding areas. During the
                        year Galan sought to follow up on its March 2024 LiDAR aerial survey flown in the Donnelly project area.
                        The high-resolution LiDAR data set provided a metre-scale digital surface model that provided a “bare
                        earth” model of the tenement, which effectively filtered all canopy cover. Using these LiDAR data, Galan
                        developed a targeted surface exploration programme to identify potential outcrops and mineralisation
                        and map potential access points within the tenement.
                                                                                                                              15
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Galan’s Donnelly project is composed of Galan’s 100% owned Exploration Licence E70/4629. The project
                        is 230 km south of Perth and 15 km west of Bridgetown along the Brockman Highway. The tenement is
                        interpreted to intersect the major Archean tectonic structure in the region, the Donnybrook-Bridgetown
                        Shear Zone. This structure is considered responsible for the mineralisation of the lithium -bearing pegmatites
                        at the Greenbushes Mine, nearly 25 km north.


                                               Figure 2: Overview of E70/4629 and other Galan tenements




For personal use only

                        The Donnelly project contains the historic Smithfield pegmatite field project area, containing “Donavon’s
                        Tin Find”. This area is associated with cassiterite-bearing stream gravels that were exploited in the early
                        1900s. Cassiterite, an important tin mineral, is often associated with LCT pegmatites, and therefore, the
                        area is highly prospective for pegmatite-hosted lithium mineralisation.

                        Galan focused on two areas in its E70/4629 tenement, in the northeast portion of the tenement, following
                        up on the historic Donovon’s fine tin discovery, and another portion to the southwest, which LiDAR
                        interpretation showed a subtle elevation change at the kilometre scale to topography.

                        Hand samples were picked in the historic costeans and trenches near the Smithfield pit. Laterised
                        pegmatites were identified and sampled. These pegmatites were up to 20 m wide and heavily weathered
                        and kaolinized to albite-quartz-microcline-muscovite assemblages. Accessory minerals such as
                        tourmaline and cassiterite were identified. Collected hand samples were assayed and contained
                        concentrations of up to 600 ppm tin and 73 ppm tantalum, significantly higher than background levels. In
                        the southwest portion of the tenement, the area was mapped for any potential outcrops. Due to the
                        dense vegetation and limited outcrops encountered, exploratory panning was undertaken. Visible gold
                        was recognised in stream sediment samples. Stream sediment samples were taken f rom around the
                        topographic high. Visible gold was recognised in three of five stream sediment samples. Two samples
                        sent for assay show concentrations of greater than 350 ppm Au (0.35 g/ton), and greater than 1600 ppm
                        Sn.

                                                                                                                                   16
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Galan plans on following up on these preliminary encouraging results with another targeted surface
                        sampling and mapping expedition that aims to identify the location and source of the anomalous gold
                        and tin.

                        Canadian Projects (50/50 Joint Venture with Redstone Resources Limited)

                        As announced on 4 October 2023, Galan entered into a binding JV agreement with Redstone Resources
                        Limited (RDS) (as JV Manager) to acquire 100% of the Taiga, Camaro and Hellcat lithium projects in the
                        heart of the James Bay lithium province in Canada.

                        The JV was formalised upon the receipt by Galan, of 50,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in RDS on 8
                        December 2023.

                        The James Bay projects (James Bay and Taiga) are owned 50/50 by GLN and RDS.

                        The Ontario projects are covered by an exclusivity option.

                        Mineral Resources and Reserves




For personal use only
                        Resources

                        On 29 January 2025, the Company announced a substantial increase in the mineral resources at its 100%
                        owned Candelas lithium brine project. The Candelas Mineral Resource was increased by more than 150%
                        to 1.6 Mt LCE, providing Galan with a total Mineral Resource of 9.5 Mt LCE. This increase provides Galan
                        with increased optionality in commercialising the project with significant upside potential also identified
                        to further enhance the latest Candelas Mineral Resource.

                                    Table 1 - Mineral Resource Statement for Hombre Muerto West and Candelas (January 2025)


                         Resource                  Brine Vol     In Situ Li          Avg Li                     In Situ K         Avg K     KCl Equiv.
                                                                                                   LCE (Kt)
                         Category                     (Mm3)            (Kt)         (mg/L)                            (Kt)       (mg/L)           (Kt)

                         Hombre Muerto West:
                         Measured                       1,028          890              866           4,738         7,714          7,505         14,711
                         Indicated                        347          310              894           1,649         2,717          7,837          5,181
                         Inferred                         300          278              926           1,480         2,464          8,210          4,700
                         HMW Total                      1,675        1,478              883           7,867       12,895           7,700         24,591
                         Candelas:
                         Indicated                        350          242              689           1,284         2,406          6,870          4,588
                         Inferred                         100           65              661             350           649          6,520          1,238
                         Subtotal                         450          307              683           1,634         3,055          6,792          5,826
                         Galan’s Total Resource Inventory
                         Total                          2,125        1,785              841           9,501       15,950           7,508         30,417

                        Notes:
                            1.      A cut-off grade of 500 mg/L updated Mineral Resource Estimate for Candelas.
                            2.      The Mineral Resource Estimate for Hombre Muerto West is unchanged from 27 March 2024. The Company confirms that it is
                                    not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market
                                    announcements, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters have not changed.
                            3.      There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.
                            4.      The conversion for LCE = Li x 5.3228, KCl = K x 1.907.


                        For detailed technical information please refer to GLN ASX announcements dated 1 October 2019, 27
                        March 2024, 4 April 2024 and 29 January 2025.

                        Ore Reserve Estimate

                        The HMW Project Phase 2 DFS reported an Ore Reserve estimate of 806.4 kt of recoverable LCE (Table 2).
                        The Ore Reserve estimate was signed off by Rodrigo Riquelme (GeoInnova), who is a Competent Person
                        as described in the Competent Persons Statements.



                                                                                                                                                      17
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                                           Table 2 - Ore Reserve Statement for HMW Project Phase 2 DFS (September 2023)


                         Ore Reserve                             Production    Pumped Brine                              Avg. Li grade
                                           Well Field                                                   Li Metal (kt)                           LCE (kt)
                         Category                               Period (Years)  Vol. (Mm3)                                  (mg/L)

                                           West                       1-7                34.9               30.8              884.0              101.2
                         Proven
                                           Santa Barbara                -                  -                  -                  -                  -
                                                                      1-7                 1.8                1.5              840.2               5.1
                                           West
                         Probable                                     8-40              192.1              168.5              877.1              552.9
                                           Santa Barbara              1-40               55.5               44.9              807.9              147.2
                         Total Proven                                 1-7                34.9               30.8              884.0              101.2
                         Total Probable                               1-40              249.5              214.9              861.5              705.2
                         Total Proven and Probable                    1-40              284.3              245.7              864.2              806.4

                        Notes:
                             1.   Ore Reserves are inclusive of the declared Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources.
                             2.   No cut-off grade is applied for the HMW Ore Reserve.




For personal use only
                             3.   A combined process recovery factor of 61.65% was applied. Extracted Li metal in the table does not consider this factor.
                             4.   “Li Metal” and “LCE” are expressed as total contained metals.
                             5.   Lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) is calculated using mass of LCE = 5.3228 multiplied by the mass of lithium metal.
                             6.   Ore Reserves do not consider any Mineral Resources at Candelas North.
                             7.   There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.


                        For further details and relevant technical details on the Ore Reserves please refer to the ASX
                        announcement dated 3 October 2023.

                        CORPORATE

                        Equity

                        During the financial year, the Company issued the following equity:

                        Shares:

                             •    A total of 67,250,000 ordinary shares were issued to Acuity Capital under the terms and conditions
                                  of an At-The-Market Subscription Deed (on 15 July 2024, 2 August 2024, 15 August 2024, 20
                                  November 2024, 27 December 2024, 28 February 2025 and 28 March 2025);
                             •    3,973,262 ordinary shares were issued to directors under a $0.23 placement, as approved by
                                  shareholders on 12 July 2024 (on 12 August 2024);
                             •    A total of 48,187,045 ordinary shares were issued to two service providers in lieu of construction
                                  services provided at HMW (on 20 September 2024, 17 December 2024 and 17 January 2025);
                             •    69,533,340 ordinary shares were issued under a $0.105 Placement announced on 10 September
                                  2024 (on 17 September 2024);
                             •    A total of 132,578,213 ordinary shares were issued at a price of $0.105 under the terms and
                                  conditions of an Entitlement Offer announced on 10 September 2024 (on 17 and 24 October
                                  2024);
                             •    42,835,724 ordinary shares were issued to Latam Resources Pty Ltd under the same terms and
                                  conditions as those under the $0.105 Placement (on 30 January 2025);
                             •    1,256,285 ordinary shares were issued to Galan Argentinian staff as employee bonuses (on 7
                                  February 2025);
                             •    451,427 ordinary shares were issued to a consultant under the terms of their contract (on 8
                                  November 2024);
                             •    A total of 114,923,615 ordinary shares were issued under an $0.11 placement announced on 16
                                  April 2025 (on 28 April 2025, 8 May 2025 and 27 May 2025); and
                             •    3,045,436 ordinary shares were issued under a Share Purchase Plan (on 12 June 2025)

                        Unquoted Options:

                             •    28,913,044 options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July 2026) were issued under the terms
                                  and conditions of a $0.23 placement (on 18 July 2024);
                             •    A total of 1,986,631 options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July 2026) were issued under a
                                  $0.23 placement, as approved by shareholders on 12 July 2024 (on 12 August 2024);


                                                                                                                                                           18
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                             •   A total of 1,000,000 options (exercisable at $0.50 on or before 5 November 2027) were issued to
                                 employees under Galan Securities Incentive Plan (2022) (on 5 November 2024 and 7 February
                                 2025);
                             •   5,000,000 options with financing vesting conditions (exercisable at $0.35 on or before a date that
                                 is 5 years from the vesting date) were issued to the Managing Director, as approved by
                                 shareholders on 15 November 2024 (on 20 November 2024); and
                             •   700,000 options (exercisable at $0.165 on or before 16 June 2028) were issued to employees under
                                 Galan Securities Incentive Plan (2022) (on 16 June 2025).

                        Service and performance rights

                        A total of 4,340,000 service rights, with time related vesting conditions (and an expiry date of 16 June
                        2030), were issued to Non-Executive Directors on 16 June 2025 (approved by shareholders on 5 June 2025).

                        1,696,546 STI performance rights, with various STI vesting conditions (and an expiry date of 16 June 2030)
                        were issued to the Managing Director on 16 June 2025 (as approved by shareholders). On the same date
                        1,618,145 STI performance rights, with various STI vesting conditions (and an expiry date of 16 June 20 30)
                        were issued to an employee.




For personal use only
                         1,454,182 PI performance rights, with various PI vesting conditions (and an expiry date of 16 June 2030)
                        were issued to the Managing Director on 16 June 2025 (as approved by shareholders). On the same date
                        719,182 PI performance rights, with various PI vesting conditions (and an expiry date of 16 June 2030) were
                        issued to an employee.

                        All of the above service and performance rights were issued under the Galan Securities Incentive Plan
                        (2022).

                        Financial

                        The loss after tax for the year was $9,314,022 (2024: $9,505,462).

                        Cash and cash equivalents as at year end were $4,447,999 (2024: $4,334,457).

                        Exploration expenditure, including acquisitions, for the year was $52,944,689 (2024: $50,101,259)
                        (excluding share valuations capitalised). All of this expenditure was on the Company’s various lithium
                        brine projects in the Hombre Muerto salar in Argentina and the Greenbushes South lithium project in
                        Australia. There was no exploration expenditure written off for the year (2024: $0).

                        Net administration expenses and employee benefits for the year totalled $ 4,166,499 (2024: $3,749,261).

                        7.       SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS

                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial
                        year.

                        8.       AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS

                        On 4 July 2025, the Company issued a total of 5,972,171 ordinary shares to Directors (and/or their
                        nominees) under the terms and condition of the $0.11 placement announced on 16 April 2025.

                        As announced on 1 August 2025, The Company closed out its Acuity ATM for net proceeds of $2 million.

                        At the shareholders meeting held on 22 August 2025, Shareholders approved the issue of a total of
                        181,818,182 shares and 90,909,091 Options ($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period from date
                        of issue) in relation to the $20 million placement to Clean Elements fund. The placement consisted of two
                        tranches:

                        Tranche 1 – 90,909,091 shares and 45,454,545 options (($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period
                        from date of issue); and
                        Tranche 2 – 90,909,091 shares and 45,454,546 options (($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period
                        from date of issue).

                        Tranche 1 equity was issued on 1 September 2025 upon the receipt of $10 m. Tranche 2 equity is expected
                        to be issued on or before 22 November 2025 (pending receipt of $10m).

                                                                                                                                19
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        On 1 September 2025, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares to a consultant under the terms and
                        conditions of an agreement.

                        Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
                        report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
                        significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
                        affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

                        9.      FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS, PROSPECTS AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES

                        The Directors continue the Group’s strategy for the advancement of Shareholders’ interests and asset
                        values through well-defined work programmes on the Group’s tenements and to implement a growth
                        strategy to seek out further exploration, acquisition and joint venture opportunities.

                        Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Group and expected results of
                        those operations in future financial years has not been included in this report because disclosure of the
                        information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.

                        10.     ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES




For personal use only
                        The Group aims to comply with or exceed its environmental performance obligations. The Board believes
                        that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental requirements.
                        The Group strives to ensure the appropriate standard of environmental care is achieved, and in doing so,
                        that it is aware of and is in compliance with all environmental legislation. The Directors are not aware of
                        any breach of environmental legislation for the financial year under review.

                        11.     REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited)

                        The remuneration report is set out under the following main headings:

                        A       Remuneration Philosophy
                        B       Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements
                        C       Remuneration and Performance
                        D       Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting
                        E       Details of Remuneration
                        F       Related Party Information
                        G       Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                        The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of
                        the Corporations Act 2001. The remuneration arrangements detailed in this report are for the key
                        management personnel comprising the Non-Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Non-Executive
                        Directors.

                        A       Remuneration Philosophy

                        Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                        activities of the Company. The performance of the Company depends upon the quality of its key
                        management personnel. To prosper the Company must attract, motivate and retain appropriately skilled
                        directors and executives.

                        The Company’s broad remuneration policy is to ensure the remuneration package properly reflects the
                        person’s duties and responsibilities and that remuneration is competitive in attracting, retaining and
                        motivating people of the highest quality.

                        B       Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements

                        The Company has in place letters of engagement for all Non-Executive Directors. The Directors hold office
                        until the next annual general meeting at which point one third of the directors retire by rotation and will
                        be eligible for election as a Director at that meeting in accordance with the Company’s Constitution.




                                                                                                                                 20
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25


                        The Directors’ appointments will automatically cease in the event that they give notice to the Board of
                        their resignation as a Director or if they retire by rotation and are not re-elected as a Director by the
                        Shareholders of the Company. Moreover their appointment will be terminated immediately if, for any


                        reason, they are disqualified or prohibited by law from being or acting as a Director or from being involved
                        in the management of a Company.

                        The following annual remuneration rates apply to Galan Board members:

                            •   Non-Executive Chairman - Mr Richard Homsany – ($103,200 pa plus statutory superannuation)
                            •   Managing Director – Mr Vargas de la Vega – ($533,200 including superannuation effective 1 July
                                2025)
                            •   Non-Executive Director - Mr Terry Gardiner – ($72,000 pa plus statutory superannuation)
                            •   Non-Executive Director - Mr Daniel Jimenez – (US$144,000 pa)
                            •   Non-Executive Director – Ms Claudia Pohl – ($80,000 pa)

                        Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is based on fees approved by the Board of Directors (from within




For personal use only
                        the remuneration pool approved by Shareholders from time to time at a general meeting) and is set at
                        levels to reflect market conditions and encourage the continued services of the Directors. The current
                        shareholder approved remuneration pool is $750,000 per annum (approved by shareholders on 18
                        November 2022).

                        The Company does not offer any variable remuneration incentive plans or bonus schemes to Non-
                        Executive Directors.

                        The Company is an exploration and development entity and therefore speculative in terms of
                        performance. Consistent with attracting and retaining talented executives, directors and senior
                        management personnel are paid market rates associated with individuals in similar positions within the
                        same industry.

                        C       Remuneration and Performance
                        During the reporting period, Director remuneration was not linked to either long term or short - term
                        performance conditions. The Board feels that the terms and conditions of options , performance rights
                        and shares held by Directors are a sufficient, long-term incentive to align the goals of the Directors with
                        those of the shareholders to maximise shareholder wealth.

                        D       Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting

                        The adoption of the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 202 4 was put to the
                        shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 1 5 November 2024. The Company
                        received 93.6% FOR votes (from valid proxies) and 94.3% FOR votes (from the poll), of those shareholders
                        who exercised their right to vote, in favour of the remuneration report for the 202 4 financial year. The
                        Company did not receive any specific feedback at the AGM or throughout the year on its remuneration
                        practices.




                                                                                                                                 21
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                          Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25


                          E        Details of Remuneration

                          The key management personnel of the Company are the Managing Director, Non-Executive Chairman
                          and Non-Executive Directors. Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the
                          Company are set out below:

                                            Short-term Benefits                Post-   Other      Equity Based             Total    Performance
                                                                             Employ- Long-term      Payment                           Related
                                                                               ment   Benefits
                                                                             Benefits
                                  Salary      Cash     Non-cash    Other      Super-   Other   Equity    Options/
                                              profit    benefit             annuation                   Rights (vi)
                                              Share
                                     $          $          $          $         $          $         $         $             $            %
                        Mr Richard Homsany – Non-Executive Chairman (i)
                          2025     97,200        -         -          -      11,178        -         -      807,715      916,093       88.17%
                          2024     96,000        -         -          -      10,560        -         -      809,928      916,488       88.37%




For personal use only
                        Mr Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega – Managing Director (ii)
                          2025    439,600        -         -       69,231    58,515        -         -     1,615,430    2,182,776      74.01%
                          2022
                          2024    400,000        -         -      107,692    55,846        -         -     1,619,856    2,183,394      74.19%
                        Mr2021
                           Terry Gardiner – Non-Executive Director
                          2025     72,000        -         -          -       8,280        -         -      807,715      887,995       90.96%
                          2024     72,000        -         -          -       7,920        -         -      809,928      889,848       91.02%
                        Mr Daniel Jimenez – Non-Executive Director (iii)
                         2025     222,412      -        -            -          -          -         -      602,053      824,465       73.02%
                         2024    220,355      -         -           -           -          -         -      603,703      824,058       73.26%
                        Ms Claudia Pohl – Non-Executive Director (iv)
                          2025     58,943        -         -          -         -          -         -          -         58,943         0%
                                   54,999        -         -          -         -          -         -          -         54,999
                          2024                                                                                                           0%
                        Total Remuneration (v)
                                  890,155        -         -       69,231    77,973        -         -     3,832,913    4,870,272      78.70%
                          2025
                          2024    843,354        -         -      107,692    74,326        -         -     3,843,415    4,868,787      78.94%

                          (i)        Mr Homsany was paid a salary a total salary of $97,200 plus statutory superannuation (2024- $106,560).
                          (ii)       Mr Vargas de la Vega’s salary was increased to $533,200 including superannuation, effective 1 July 2025
                          (iii)      Mr Jiminez was directly paid director fees of $222,412 ($US144,000) (2024 - $220,355 ($US144,000)).
                          (iv)       Ms Pohl was directly paid director fees of $58,943 (2024 - $54,999).
                          (v)        The total value of Director Performance Rights on issue is $19,469,100. This amount is being expensed and
                                     amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $3,832,913 during this
                                     period. Refer to note 16 for the performance rights valuation method.


                          F        Related Party Information

                          The Company received $58,400 (2024: $57,480) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
                          Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
                          Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                          Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid or owed a total of $439,668 (2024:$163,303) in legal and advisory
                          fees for the 2025 financial year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related
                          Party, as the Galan Non-Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate
                          Pty Ltd.

                          Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $390,308 (2024: $231,000) in capital raising fees for the 2025 financial
                          year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
                          Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

                          Chilean based Ad-Infinitum was paid a total of $68,926 (2024:$605,500), for engineering consultancy for
                          the 2025 financial year. Ad-Infinitum is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
                          Non-Executive Director Claudia Pohl is Managing Partner and General Manager of Ad-Infinitum.

                                                                                                                                              22
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        G           Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                        Share holdings

                        30 June 2025
                                                                Balance                          Options                                 Balance
                        Name                                 1 July 2024     Purchased         Exercised          Sold/Other        30 June 2025
                        Richard Homsany                       2,024,284        2,801,472                -                   -          4,825,756
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                 20,450,741        1,472,727                -                   -         21,923,468
                        Terry Gardiner                        7,945,704        2,380,880                -                   -         10,326,584
                        Claudia Pohl                                  -           43,478                -                   -             43,478
                        Daniel Jimenez                        3,447,713          602,511                -                   -          4,050,224
                        Total                                33,868,442        7,301,068                -                   -         41,169,510
                        30 June 2024
                                                                Balance                          Options                                 Balance
                        Name                                 1 July 2023      Purchased        Exercised           Sold/Other       30 June 2024
                        Richard Homsany                         959,067            65,217       1,000,000                       -       2,024,284
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                 17, 346,932        3,103,809         500,000           (500,000)          20,450,741




For personal use only
                        Terry Gardiner                        6, 580,487        1,365,217         500,000           (500,000)           7,945,704
                        Claudia Pohl                                   -                  -                 -                   -                  -
                        Daniel Jimenez                        2,447,713                   -     1,000,000                       -       3,447,713
                        Total                                27,334,199         4,534,243       3,000,000          (1,000,000)         33,868,442



                        Option holdings

                        30 June 2025
                                                                Balance                                                                  Balance
                        Name                                 1 July 2024   Issued/Other        Exercised        Lapsed/Other        30 June 2025
                        Richard Homsany                          65,217     1,000,000 (ii)              -                       -       1,065,217
                                                                              600,000 (ii)
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                  2,239,129                                 -                       -       7,839,129
                                                                            5,000,000 (iii)
                        Terry Gardiner (iv)                   1,215,217       300,000 (ii)              -                       -       1,515,217
                        Claudia Pohl                                  -        21,739 (ii)              -                       -          21,739
                        Daniel Jimenez                                -       164,892 (ii)              -                       -         164,892
                        Total                                 3,519,563     7,086,631                   -                   -          10,606,194
                        30 June 2024
                                                               Balance                                                                   Balance
                        Name                                1 July 2023 Issued/Other (i)      Exercised         Lapsed/Other        30 June 2024
                        Richard Homsany                       1,000,000           65,217      (1,000,000)                   -             65,217
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                    500,000        2,239,129        (500,000)                   -          2,239,129
                        Terry Gardiner                          500,000        1,215,217        (500,000)                   -          1,215,217
                        Claudia Pohl                                  -                  -              -                   -                  -
                        Daniel Jimenez                        1,000,000                  -    (1,000,000)                   -                  -
                        Total                                 3,000,000        3,519,563      (3,000,000)                   -          3,519,563


                            (i)        Listed options (GLNOB – exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 Mar 2029)
                            (ii)       Unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 Jul 2026)
                            (iii)      Unlisted options with finance vesting condition (exercise price $0.35 with 5 year expiry date)
                            (iv)       Includes 100,000 Listed Options (GLNOB – exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 Mar 2029)




                                                                                                                                              23
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Performance and service rights holdings

                        30 June 2025
                                                                 Balance                                                               Balance
                        Name                                  1 July 2024    Issued/Other       Exercised      Lapsed/Other       30 June 2025
                        Richard Homsany                          3,000,000    2,000,000 (ii)             -                    -       5,000,000
                                                                              1,696,546 (iii)
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                     6,000,000                               -                    -       9,150,728
                                                                             1,454,182 (iv)
                        Terry Gardiner                           3,000,000      780,000 (i)              -                    -       3,780,000
                        Claudia Pohl                                     -      780,000 (i)              -                    -         780,000
                        Daniel Jimenez                           3,000,000      780,000 (i)              -                    -       3,780,000
                        Total                                  15,000,000        7,490,728               -                -          22,490,728
                        30 June 2024
                                                                Balance                                                                Balance
                        Name                               1 July 2023 (i)   Issued/Other       Exercised     Lapsed/Other        30 June 2024
                        Richard Homsany                          3,000,000                 -             -                -          3,000,000
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                     6,000,000                 -             -                -          6,000,000




For personal use only
                        Terry Gardiner                           3,000,000                 -             -                -          3,000,000
                        Claudia Pohl                                     -                 -             -                -                  -
                        Daniel Jimenez                           3,000,000                 -             -                -          3,000,000
                        Total                                  15,000,000                  -             -                -         15,000,000


                              (i)        Performance rights with share price vesting conditions (in two even tranches, approved by shareholders
                                         on 28 Jan 2022 and 18 Nov 2022)
                              (ii)       Service rights with time vesting conditions (approved by shareholders on 5 Jun 2025)
                              (iii)      STI performance rights with vesting conditions (approved by shareholders on 5 Jun 2025)
                              (iv)       PI related performance rights with vesting conditions (approved by shareholders on 5 Jun 2025)

                        End of Remuneration Report

                        12.           OPTIONS AND PERFORMANCE RIGHTS

                        Options on issue

                        At the date of this report, the Company had the following unlisted options on issue:

                         Expiry Date            Exercise Price                                                 Number
                         18 Jul 2026            $0.35                                                        30,899,675
                         5 Nov 2027             $0.50                                                         1,000,000
                         16 Jun 2028            $0.165                                                          700,000
                         20 Nov 2029            $0.35                                                         5,000,000

                        500,000 unlisted options with an expiry date of 24/12/24 expired during the period.

                        At the date of this report, the Company had 47,645,627 listed options (GLNOB) on issue (exercise price of
                        $0.65 and an expiry date of 20 March 2029).

                        Performance and service rights on issue
                        At the date of this report, the Company had a total of 27,678,055 performance and service rights on issue:

                         Type                                 Vesting Conditions                                                    Number
                         Director Performance Rights          Price related vesting hurdles at $2.25, $2.50, $3.00,                8,250,000
                                                              $3.25 and $3.50
                         Staff Performance Rights             Price related vesting hurdles at $2.25, $2.50, $3.00,                1,350,000
                                                              $3.25 and $3.50
                         Director Performance Rights          Price related vesting hurdles at $1.75, $2.00, $2.25,                8,250,000
                                                              $2.50 and $2.75
                         STI Performance Rights               Production, costs and safety related vesting hurdles                 3,314,691
                         PI Performance Rights                Approvals, finance and construction related vesting                  2,173,364
                                                              hurdles
                         Service Rights                       Time related vesting hurdles                                         4,340,000

                                                                                                                                            24
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        During the financial year, a total of 500,000 Performance Rights, issued to management personnel, were
                        forfeited under the terms and conditions of their issue.

                        13.     PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                        proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
                        party, for the purposes of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those
                        proceedings.

                        14.     INDEMNIFYING OFFICERS & AUDITORS

                        In accordance with the constitution, except as may be prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 every
                        Officer, or agent of the Company shall be indemnified out of the property of the Company against any
                        liability incurred by him in his capacity as Officer or agent of the Company or any related corporation in
                        respect of any act or omission whatsoever and howsoever occurring or in defending any proceedings,
                        whether civil or criminal. No indemnification has been paid with respect to the Company’s auditor. The
                        Company has insurance policies in place for Directors and Officers insurance.




For personal use only
                        15.     NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                        The auditors have not provided any non-audit services to the Company in the financial year ended 30
                        June 2025.

                        16.     AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

                        The auditor’s independence declaration under Section 307C in relation to auditor’s independence for
                        the Year ended 30 June 2025 has been received and can be found on page 28.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.




                        J P Vargas de la Vega
                        Managing Director
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        Date: 30 September 2025




                                                                                                                              25
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Competent Persons Statements

                        The information contained herein that relates to the latest Mineral Resource estimation approach at
                        Hombre Muerto West was compiled by Mr. Carlos Eduardo Descourvieres. Mr. Descourvieres is an
                        employee of WSP Chile and a Member of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. He has
                        sufficient experience relevant to the assessment of this style of mineralisation to qualify as a Competent
                        Person as defined by the ’Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and
                        Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)’. Mr. Descourvieres consents to the inclusion in this report of the
                        matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

                        The information contained herein that relates to the latest Mineral Resource estimation approach at
                        Candelas was compiled by Dr Michael Cunningham, GradDip, (Geostatistics) BSc honours (Geoscience),
                        PhD, MAusIMM. Dr Cunningham is a Principal Consultant and full-time employee of SRK Consulting
                        (Australasia) Pty Ltd. He has sufficient experience relevant to the assessment and of this style of
                        mineralisation to qualify as a Competent Person as defined by the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code
                        for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Dr Cunningham consents to
                        the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it
                        appears.




For personal use only
                        The information contained herein that relates to exploration results and geology is based on information
                        compiled or reviewed by Dr Luke Milan, who has consulted to the Company. Dr Milan is a Member of the
                        Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style
                        of mineralisation and types of deposit under consideration and to the activity which they are undertaking
                        to qualify as a Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting
                        of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Dr Milan consents to the inclusion in this report
                        of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

                        The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
                        information included in the original market announcements, and that all material assumptions and
                        technical parameters have not materially changed. The Company also confirms that the form and
                        context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from
                        the original market announcements.




                                                                                                                                   26
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 20 25

                        Conversion Factors
                        Lithium grades are normally presented in mass percentages or milligrams per litre (or parts per million (ppm)).
                        Grades of deposits are also expressed as lithium compounds in percentages, for example as a percentage of
                        lithium oxide (Li2O) content or percentage of lithium carbonate (Li 2CO 3) content. Lithium carbonate equivalent
                        (LCE) is the industry standard terminology and is equivalent to Li 2CO 3. Use of LCE provides data comparable
                        with industry reports and is the total equivalent amount of lithium carbona te, assuming the lithium content in
                        the deposit is converted to lithium carbonate, using the conversion rates in the table included below to get an
                        equivalent Li2CO 3 value in per cent. Use of LCE assumes 100% recovery and no process losses in the extraction
                        of Li2CO 3.

                        Convert from                                         Convert to Li       Convert to Li 2O   Convert to Li2CO 3
                        Lithium                            Li                    1.000                2.153               5.323
                        Lithium Oxide                      Li2O                  0.464                1.000               2.473
                        Lithium Carbonate                  Li2CO 3               0.188                0.404               1.000
                        Lithium Chloride                   LiCl                  0.871

                        Forward Looking Statements




For personal use only
                        This Annual Report contains forecasts and forward-looking statements which are no guarantee of future
                        performance and which involve certain risks. Actual results and future outcomes will in all likelihood differ
                        from those outlined herein. The report should not be construed as an offer or invitation to subscribe for or
                        purchase securities in Galan. Nor is it an inducement to make offer or an invitation with respect to said
                        securities.

                        Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s)”,
                        “feel(s)”, “believe(s)”, “will”, “may”, “anticipate(s)” and similar expressions are intended to identify
                        forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding future
                        production, resources or reserves and exploration results. All of such statements are subject to certain risks
                        and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the
                        Company, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or
                        projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but
                        are not limited to: (i) those relating to the interpretation of drill results, the geology, grade and continuity
                        of deposits and conclusions of economic evaluations, (ii) risks relating to possible variations in reserves nor
                        recovery rates and changes in project parameters as plans continue to be r efined, (iii) the potential for
                        delays in exploration or development activities or the completion of feasibility studies, (iv) risks related to
                        commodity price and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, (v) risks related to failure to obtain adequate
                        financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or delays in obtaining governmental approvals or
                        in the completion of development or construction activities, and (vi) other risks and uncertainties related
                        to the Company’s prospects, properties and business strategy. Our audience is cautioned not to place
                        undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and we do
                        not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate forward-looking statements to reflect events or
                        circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any events.




                                                                                                                                     27
                        To the Board of Directors,


                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE
                        CORPORATIONS ACT 2001

                        As lead audit director for the audit of the financial statements of Galan Lithium Limited and its controlled entities
                        for the year ended 30 June 2025, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no




For personal use only
                        contraventions of:

                            •   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

                            •   any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.



                        Yours Faithfully




                        HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                                   MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                                         Director



                        Dated this 30th day of September 2025
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
                        INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2025
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025




                                                                                                        30 June        30 June
                                                                                           Note            2025           2024
                                                                                                                $            $



                        Continuing Operations
                                                                                             3          142,031        581,348
                        Interest revenue

                        Other Income                                                         3          263,121        317,550

                                                                                                        405,152        898,898
                        Total


                                                                                                     (2,380,850)    (2,358,391)




For personal use only
                        Administration expenses

                        Compliance & regulatory expense                                               (542,458)      (515,919)

                        Employment expense                                                           (1,785,649)    (1,390,869)

                        Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets                                    (203,102)     (1,134,046)

                        Depreciation                                                                  (222,624)      (255,173)

                        Share based payments                                                16       (4,584,554)    (4,749,962)

                        FX Gain/Loss realised                                                                  63             -

                        Loss before income tax expenses                                              (9,314,022)    (9,505,462)

                        Income tax expenses                                                  4                  -             -

                                                                                                     (9,314,022)    (9,505,462)
                        Loss for the year from continuing operations
                                                                                                      1,093,217        720,036
                        Exchange differences on translating foreign operations

                        Other comprehensive income                                                    1,093,217        720,036

                        Total comprehensive income and net loss for the Year
                        attributable to the owners of the Company                                    (8,220,805)    (8,785,426)



                        Basic and diluted weighted average loss per share (cents            15            (1.27)         (2.52)
                        per share)




                                             The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                             29
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2025
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                        30 June        30 June
                                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                         Note                 $              $


                          Current Assets
                                                                                          5           4,447,999      4,334,457
                          Cash and cash equivalents

                          Trade and other receivables                                     6             177,956        191,924

                          Prepayments                                                                    29,685               -

                                                                                                      4,655,640      4,526,381
                          Total Current Assets


                          Non-Current Assets

                          Term deposit – Bank Guarantee                                                 224,077        224,077




For personal use only
                          Financial Assets                                                7             352,137      1,640,505

                          Right of Use – Office Lease                                    11             520,023        689,719

                          Plant & Equipment                                                8         26,671,910     35,578,143

                          Exploration and evaluation                                      9         190,767,729    131,601,536

                                                                                                    218,535,876    169,733,980
                          Total Non-Current Assets

                          Total Assets                                                              223,191,516    174,260,361



                          Current Liabilities

                          Trade and other payables                                        10          8,374,312     10,255,517

                          Lease Liability                                                 11            174,910        158,809

                          Provisions                                                                    194,681        131,676

                          Total Current Liabilities                                                   8,743,903     10,546,002



                          Non-Current Liabilities
                                                                                          11            271,998        446,908
                          Lease Liability
                                                                                          26          6,928,452      3,425,088
                          Environment Provision

                          Total Non-Current Liabilities                                               7,200,450      3,871,996

                                                                                                     15,944,353     14,417,998
                          Total Liabilities
                                                                                                    207,247,163    159,842,363
                          Net Assets

                          Equity

                          Issued capital                                                  12        227,790,336    176,749,287

                                                                                          13         17,126,769     12,061,143
                          Reserves
                                                                                          14        (37,669,942)   (28,968,067)
                          Accumulated losses

                          Total Equity                                                              207,247,163    159,842,363


                                              The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                             30
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                          IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2025
                          Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025



                                                                            Issued                 Accumulated             Total
                                                                Note       Capital     Reserves         Losses            Equity
                                                                                 $            $              $                 $

                        Balance at 30 June 2023                        128,831,780     7,079,234    (19,462,605)    116,448,409
                        Net loss for the year                                    -             -      (9,505,462)    (9,505,462)
                        Other comprehensive income for the
                        year net of tax                                           -     720,036                -         720,036
                        Total comprehensive loss for the year                     -     720,036      (9,505,462)     (8,785,426)
                        Transactions with owners recorded
                        directly in equity:
                        Issue of Equity                                 37,467,000             -               -      37,467,000
                        Options exercised                                 1,247,400            -               -       1,247,400
                        Vendor shares                                   10,363,000             -               -      10,363,000
                        Consultant shares                                   181,600            -               -         181,600




For personal use only
                        Share issue costs                               (1,829,582)            -               -     (1,829,582)
                        Performance rights Valuation                              -    4,749,962               -       4,749,962
                        Fair value exercised options                        488,089    (488,089)               -                -
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                        176,749,287    12,061,143    (28,968,067)    159,842,363
                        Net loss for the year                                     -            -     (9,314,022)     (9,314,022)
                        Other comprehensive income for the
                        year net of tax                                           -    1,093,217         -             1,093,217
                        Total comprehensive loss for the year                     -    1,093,217     (9,314,022)     (8,220,805)
                        Transactions with owners recorded
                        directly in equity:
                        Issue of Equity                                  39,609,915            -               -      39,609,915
                        Acuity shares                                     7,911,000            -               -       7,911,000
                        Vendor shares                                     5,996,754            -               -       5,996,754
                        Consultant shares                                   224,751            -               -         224,751
                        Share issue costs                               (2,701,371)            -               -     (2,701,371)
                        Performance rights Valuation                              -    4,584,554               -       4,584,554
                        Transfers to accumulated losses                           -    (612,145)         612,145                -
                        Balance at 30 June 2025                        227,790,336    17,126,769    (37,669,942)    207,247,163




                                            The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                            31
                        CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2025
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025


                                                                                                  30 June            30 June
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                    Note                $                  $

                            Cash flows from operating activities
                            Interest received                                                       86,625            767,028
                            Other income                                                           304,861             65,179
                            Cash paid to suppliers and employees                               (3,797,614)        (3,607,822)
                            Net cash used in operating activities                    17        (3,406,129)        (2,775,615)

                            Cash flows from investing activities
                            Payments for Property, Plant & Equipment                             (816,682)       (32,555,818)
                            Payments for exploration expenditure                              (42,073,618)       (42,046,892)
                            Purchase of exploration assets                                              -          (145,616)




For personal use only
                            Payment for investments                                                     -          (448,248)
                            Proceeds sale of Fixed Assets                                          34,000                  -
                            Proceeds sale of Investments                                        1,085,265            287,286
                            Net cash from / (used in) investing activities                    (41,771,034)       (74,909,288)

                            Cash flows from financing activities
                            Proceeds from issue of equity instruments                          46,860,917         37,451,000
                            Proceeds from Option Conversion                                             -           1,247,400
                            Payment for share issue costs                                      (1,570,213)        (1,829,582)
                            Net cash from financing activities                                 45,290,704         36,868,818

                            Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
                            equivalents                                                           113,542        (40,816,085)
                            Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the
                            year                                                                4,334,457         45,150,542

                            Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                 5          4,447,999          4,334,457




                                               The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                                                                                            32
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        STATEMENT OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        These financial statements and notes represent those of Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan)
                        and its controlled entities (the Group) for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. Galan is a publicly listed
                        company, incorporated and domiciled in Australia. The financial statements were authorised for issue on
                        30 September 2025 by the Directors of the Company.

                        1.      SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION

                        (a)     Statement of compliance

                        The financial statements are general purpose financial statements that have been prepared in
                        accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, Australian Accounting Interpretations, other
                        authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations
                        Act 2001.




For personal use only
                        Australian Accounting Standards set out accounting policies that the AASB has concluded would result in
                        a financial statements containing relevant and reliable information about transactions, events and
                        conditions. Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and
                        notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB. Material
                        accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report are presented below and have
                        been consistently applied unless otherwise stated.

                        (b)     Principles of Consolidation

                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of entities controlled by
                        the Company at the end of the reporting period. A controlled entity is any entity over which the Company
                        has the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the entity’s
                        activities. Control will generally exist when the parent owns, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, more
                        than half of the voting power of an entity. In assessing the power to govern, the existence and effect of
                        holdings of actual and potential voting rights are also considered.

                        Where controlled entities have entered or left the Group during the year, the financial performance of
                        those entities are included only for the period of the year that they were controlled. A list of controlled
                        entities, as at 30 June 2025 is contained in Note 23 to the financial statements.

                        In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-group balances and transactions between
                        entities in the Group have been eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                        been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with those adopted by the Company.

                        Non-controlling interests, being the equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent,
                        are shown separately within the Equity section of the consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
                        Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. The non-controlling interest in the net assets
                        comprises their interests at the date of the original business combination and their share of changes in
                        equity since that date.

                        (c)      Going concern

                        The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of
                        normal business activity and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
                        of business.

                        The Group incurred a loss for the year of $9,314,022 (2024: $9,505,462) and net cash outflows used in
                        operating activities of $3,406,129 (2024: $2,775,615).

                        As announced on 16 April 2025, the Company signed definitive agreements (Agreements) with Authium,
                        including a lithium chloride concentrate Offtake Agreement and an Operating Agreement which
                        governs the roles and obligations for the processing technology to be implemented at HMW.

                        Following a comprehensive review of potential funding options the Company decided that Authium was
                        its preferred partner. The partnership with Authium offers the Company superior financial, technical and


                                                                                                                                       33
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        timing benefits to other identified alternatives and yields the best outcome for the Company and its
                        shareholders to complete HMW Phase 1 and commence the receipt of revenues.

                        Under the terms of the Agreements, Galan will sell 45 kt (LCE) of its lithium chloride concentrate to Authium
                        over a period of 6 to 12 years. Galan will continue to manage the current HMW lithium brine inventories
                        (estimated at 9,000t LCE), to final lithium chloride concentrate and will utilise Authium’s HMW based nano
                        filtration processing plant to enable Galan to reach its target lithium chloride concentrate grade of 6%.

                        One of the key benefits of the Authium partnership is, that Authium will fund, supply and operate the
                        processing plant at HMW. As a result, Authium’s proposal will enable Galan to significantly reduce its
                        capital costs to complete HMW Phase 1, by removing $41.5 million of capital expenditure relating to the
                        liming plant and is also expected to reduce operating costs by around 18% relative to the HMW Phase 1
                        DFS (https://tinyurl.com/GalanLithium), due to cost savings related to the reagents and filtering plant.

                        In addition, Galan has the ability to drawdown on offtake prepayments of up to US$6 million over a 6 -
                        month period commencing from the date lithium is processed through the processing plant
                        (Prepayment). Galan is now working with Authium to secure an additional working capital facility, should
                        it be required.




For personal use only
                        Authium is an Australian entity with expertise in mineral commercialization and innovative processing
                        solutions. The team has a history of developing lithium projects, including the first chemical process to
                        extract lithium from unconcentrated brine. Under the agreements, Authium will supply, fund, commission
                        and remotely operate the nano-filtration skid units at the HMW site. This proven technique selectively
                        removes impurities while allowing lithium to pass through. The process has been successfully deplo yed at
                        multiple international lithium projects, including the Rio Tinto Rincon Project.

                        As announced on 25 August 2025, all conditions relating to the $20 million share placement (Placement)
                        to the Clean Elements Fund (Clean Elements) were completed. Clean Elements advised that all
                        conditions precedent to the Placement had been satisfied. As such, the Placement would proceed to
                        settlement, providing Galan with the funding required for the finalisation of the HMW Phase 1 construction
                        over the remainder of the 2025 calendar year, with first production of lithium chloride concentrate
                        scheduled for H1 2026.

                        Settlement takes place in two equal tranches of $10 million. Tranche 1 settlement was received on 1
                        September 2025 and Tranche 2 of the Placement will settle no later than 22 November 2025,

                        The combination of these funding arrangements provided the Company with significant flexibility with
                        respect to its ongoing capital expenditure requirements at HMW, Candelas and Greenbushes South.

                        Based on the above, the Directors consider the going concern basis of preparation to be appropriate for
                        this annual report.

                        (d)     Basis of measurement

                        The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis and are based on the historical cost,
                        modified where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of selected non-current assets, financial
                        assets and financial liabilities.

                        (e)     Functional and presentation currency

                        These financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group’s presentation currency.

                        Determination of functional currency of Argentinian subsidiaries

                        Based on the primary indicators under IAS 21 – The Effects of Change in Foreign Exchange Rates – Effective
                        1 July 2021 the Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency of Galan Exploraciones
                        S.A. (‘GESA’) and Galan Litio S.A. (‘GLSA’), the two Argentinian based subsidiaries of Galan Lithium
                        Limited.


                        All tenement and project acquisitions in Argentina have been and continue to be in USD.




                                                                                                                                  34
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Galan has loan agreements in place with GESA and GLSA that are USD denominated. All transfers to
                        Argentina are done in USD. GESA also has a loan agreement in place with GLSA (incorporated Galan
                        Argentinian subsidiary) that is USD denominated. All cash call transfers to Argentina are executed in USD.

                        (f)      Income tax

                        The income tax expense (revenue) for the year comprises current income tax expense (income) and
                        deferred tax expense (income).

                        Current income tax expense charged to the profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax
                        liabilities (assets) are therefore measured at the amounts expected to be paid to (recovered from) the
                        relevant taxation authority.

                        Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability balances
                        during the year as well unused tax losses.

                        Current and deferred income tax expense (income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the
                        tax relates to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.




For personal use only
                        Except for business combinations, no deferred income tax is recognised from the initial recognition of an
                        asset or liability where there is no effect on accounting or taxable profit and loss.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the Year
                        when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
                        management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related asset or liability.

                        Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the
                        extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the
                        deferred tax asset can be utilised.

                        Where temporary differences exist in relation to investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates, and joint
                        ventures, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised where the timing of the reversal of the
                        temporary difference can be controlled and it is not probable that the reversal will occur in the foreseeable
                        future.

                        Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists and it is intended
                        that net settlement or simultaneous realisation and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists, the deferred
                        tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
                        taxable entity or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation
                        and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur in future Years in which significant amounts of
                        deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled.

                        (g)     Goods and Services Tax (GST)

                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the GST incurred
                        is not recoverable from the relevant tax authority.

                        Receivables and payables are stated with amounts of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
                        recoverable from, or payable to, the relevant tax authority is included with other receivables or payables
                        in the statement of financial position.

                        Cash flows are presented in the statement of cashflows on a gross basis, except for the GST component of
                        investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.

                        (h)     Financial Instruments

                        Financial Assets

                        Initial Recognition and Measurement

                        Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
                        through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.


                                                                                                                                       35
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
                        flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
                        receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied
                        the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of
                        a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.

                        In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it
                        needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal
                        amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

                        The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
                        order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
                        contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

                        Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by
                        regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e.
                        the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.




For personal use only
                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets
                        designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily
                        required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are
                        acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term.

                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
                        value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

                        This category includes listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify
                        at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised as other income in
                        the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.

                        Derecognition

                        A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
                        assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
                        position) when:

                           •   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
                           •   The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                               obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                               ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and

                               either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the
                               Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has
                               transferred control of the asset.

                        The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
                        However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
                        or external information indicates that the Group is unl ikely to receive outstanding contractual amounts in
                        full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written
                        off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows

                        Financial Liabilities

                        Initial Recognition and Measurement

                        Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                        loss, loans and borrowings, payables as appropriate.

                        All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
                        payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

                        The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payable and convertible notes.
                                                                                                                                           36
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Subsequent measurement

                        The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:

                        (i)     Impairment of Assets

                        At the end of each reporting year, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that an asset
                        may be impaired. The assessment will include the consideration of external and internal sources of
                        information. If such an indication exists, an impairment test is carried out on the asset by comparing the
                        recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use,
                        to the asset’s carrying value. Any excess of the asset’s carrying value over its recoverabl e amount is
                        expensed to the statement of comprehensive income.

                        Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
                        the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                        (j)     Provisions




For personal use only
                        Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
                        a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
                        estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                        The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
                        obligation at the end of the reporting Year.


                        (k)     Cash and cash equivalents

                        Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
                        liquid investments, and bank overdrafts.

                        (l)     Revenue and other Income

                        Interest Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method. At reporting date
                        the Company had no other revenue sources.

                        (m)     Trade and other payables

                        Trade and other payables are carried at amortised costs and represent liabilities for goods and services
                        provided to the Company prior to the end of the reporting date and are unpaid and arise when the
                        Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and
                        services.

                        (n)     Equity settled compensation

                        The Company operates equity-settled share-based payment employee share and option schemes. The
                        fair value of the equity to which employees become entitled is measured at grant date and recognised as
                        an expense over the vesting Year, with a corresponding i ncrease to the option reserve.

                        Share-based payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value of goods or services received or
                        the fair value of the instruments issued, if it is determined the fair value of the goods or services cannot be
                        reliably measured and are recorded at the date the goods or services are received. The corresponding
                        amount is recorded to the option reserve

                        The fair value of shares is ascertained as the market bid price. The fair value of options is ascertained using
                        a Black–Scholes pricing model which incorporates all market vesting conditions. The number of shares and
                        options expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted at the end of each reporting date such that the amount
                        recognised for services received as consideration for the equity instruments granted shall be based on the
                        number of equity instruments that eventually vest. Upon reversal of expired share based payments in
                        subsequent years, these are recognised via an adjustment to retained earnings




                                                                                                                                   37
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        (o)     Exploration, Evaluation and Development Expenditure

                        Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure incurred is accumulated in respect of each
                        identifiable area of interest. These costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to
                        be recouped through the successful development of the area or where activities in the area have not yet
                        reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment of the existence of economically recoverable
                        reserves.

                        Accumulated costs in relation to an area of interest that is abandoned are written off in full against profit
                        in the year in which the decision to abandon the areas is made.

                        When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are amortised over
                        the life of the area according to the rate of depletion of the economically recoverable reserves.

                        A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to
                        carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest.

                        (p)     Critical accounting estimates and judgements




For personal use only
                        The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
                        historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
                        of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
                        the Company.

                        Key Judgements –Exploration and evaluation expenditure

                        The Company capitalises expenditure relating to exploration and evaluation where it is considered likely to
                        be recoverable or where the activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment
                        of the existence of reserves. While there are certain areas of interest from which no reserves have been
                        extracted, the directors are of the continued belief that such expenditure should not be written off since
                        feasibility studies in such areas have not yet concluded.
                        The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
                        historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
                        of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
                        the Company.

                        Key Judgments – Environmental Issues

                        Balances disclosed in the financial statements and notes thereto are not adjusted for any pending or
                        enacted environmental legislation, and the directors understanding thereof. At the current stage of the
                        Company’s development and its current environmental impact the directors believe such treatment is
                        reasonable and appropriate.

                        Key Estimates – Taxation

                        Balances disclosed in the financial statements and the notes thereto, related to taxation, are based on the
                        best estimates of directors. These estimates take into account both the financial performance and position
                        of the Company as they pertain to current income taxation legislation, and the directors understanding
                        thereof. No adjustment has been made for pending or future taxation legislation. The current income tax
                        position represents that directors’ best estimate, pending an assessment by the Australian Taxation Office.

                        Key Estimates – Equity settled transactions

                        The Company measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair
                        value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value of options is determined
                        by an internal valuation using Black-Scholes option pricing model.

                        For equity settled transactions with consultants and other non-employees the fair value reflects the value
                        attributable to services where applicable. Where there is no quantifiable value of services the value of
                        options is calculated using the Black and Scholes option pricing model.




                                                                                                                                 38
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Key Estimates – Rehabilitation provision

                        The company has recognised a rehabilitation provision for its mining operations in Argentina, measured at
                        the present value of estimated site restoration costs in accordance with regulatory and environmental
                        obligations. The estimate involves significant judgment regarding closure timing, scope of works, cost
                        assumptions (labour, materials, compliance), and discount rates, all of which are subject to inflation,
                        exchange rate and regulatory risks. To support reliability, the Company obtains independent exper t
                        assessments to inform key assumptions. At 30 June 2025, the provision recognised is $6,928,452 (2024:
                        $3,425,088, driven by increased land disturbance from evaporation pond construction and is reassessed
                        each reporting period to reflect updated assumptions and conditions.

                        (q)     Foreign Currency Transaction and Balances

                        Functional and presentation currency

                        The Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency for the Argentinian subsidiaries. The
                        Company’s financial statements are presented in Australian dollars which is the parent entity’s functional
                        and presentation currency.




For personal use only
                        Transaction and balances

                        Profit and loss foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the average
                        exchange rate for the financial year.

                        Balance sheet foreign currency items are translated at the year-end exchange rate.

                        Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of Profit
                        or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, except where deferred in equity as a qualifying cash flow or
                        net investment hedge.

                        Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in equity to
                        the extent that the gain or loss is directly recognised in equity, otherwise exchange differences are
                        recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.

                        (r)     Fair value measurements

                        The Company measures and recognises the following assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis
                        after initial recognition.

                                (i) Fair Value Hierarchy
                                AASB 13: Fair Value Measurement requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the
                                fair value hierarchy, which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels
                                based on the lowest level that an input that is significant to the measurement can be categorised
                                into as follows:



                                Level 1                           Level 2                                   Level 3
                                Measurements based on             Measurements based on inputs              Measurements based on
                                quoted prices (unadjusted)        other than quoted prices                  unobservable inputs for the
                                in active markets for             included in Level 1 that are              asset or liability.
                                identical assets or liabilities   observable for the asset or
                                that the entity can access at     liability, either directly or indirectly.
                                the measurement date.

                                The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined
                                using one or more valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent
                                possible, the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value
                                are observable, the asset or liability is included in Level 2. If one or more significant inputs are not
                                based on observable market data, the asset or liability is included in Level 3.




                                                                                                                                      39
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                (ii) Valuation techniques
                                The Company selects a valuation technique that is appropriate in the circumstances and for
                                which sufficient data is available to measure fair value. The availability of sufficient and relevant
                                data primarily depends on the specific characteristics of the asset or liability being measured.
                                The valuation technique selected by the Company is the market approach ie. valuation
                                techniques that use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions for
                                identical or similar assets or liabilities.
                                When selecting a valuation technique, the Company gives priority to those techniques that
                                maximise the use of observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs that
                                are developed using market data (such as publicly available information on actual transactions)
                                and reflect the assumptions that buyers and sellers would generally use when pricing the asset or
                                liability are considered observable, whereas inputs for which market data is not available and
                                therefore are developed using the best information available about such assumptions are
                                considered unobservable.

                                The following table provides the fair values of the Company’s assets and liabilities measured and
                                recognized on a recurring basis after initial recognition and their categorization within the fair
                                value hierarchy:




For personal use only
                                                                                  30 June 2025
                                                                                      Level 1       Level 2      Level 3           Total
                                                                                            $             $            $               $
                        Recurring fair value measurements

                        Financial assets
                        Financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income:
                        –      shares in listed companies                            152,137                 -             -    152,137
                        –      investments in unlisted companies                               -    200,000                -    200,000

                        Total financial assets recognised at fair value              152,137        200,000                -    352,137
                        Non-financial assets
                        Freehold land                                                          -             -             -           -
                        Buildings                                                              -             -             -           -

                        Total non-financial assets recognised at fair                          -             -             -           -
                        value


                                                                                  30 June 2024
                                                                                      Level 1       Level 2      Level 3            Total
                                                                                            $             $            $                $
                        Recurring fair value measurements
                        Financial assets
                        Financial assets at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income:
                        –      shares in listed companies                         1,440,505              -             -       1,440,505
                        –      investments in unlisted companies                           -       200,000             -        200,000
                        Total financial assets recognised at fair value           1,440,505        200,000             -       1,640,505
                        Non-financial assets
                        Freehold land                                                      -             -             -               -
                        Buildings                                                          -             -             -               -
                        Total non-financial assets recognised at fair                      -             -             -               -
                        value




                                                                                                                                       40
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        (s)     New, revised or amending accounting standards and interpretations adopted

                        Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

                        The Group has adopted all new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
                        Accounting Standards Board that are relevant to its operations and effective for an accounting period
                        that begins on or after 1 January 2022.


                        Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted

                        The Group has reviewed the new and revised Standards and Interpretations on issue not yet adopted for
                        the year ended 30 June 2025. As a result of this review the Group has determined that there is no material
                        impact of the Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted on the Company and, therefore, no
                        change is necessary to Group accounting policies.

                        (t)     Leases

                        Leases of fixed assets where substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to the ownership of the asset,




For personal use only
                        but not the legal ownership, are transferred to entities in the consolidated group are classified as finance
                        leases. Finance leases are capitalised by recording an asset and a liability equal to the present value of
                        the minimum lease payments, including any guaranteed residual values. Leased assets are depreciated
                        on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. Lease payments
                        for operating leases, where substantially all the risks and benefits remain with the lessor, are charged as
                        expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.

                        The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract
                        conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                        consideration.

                        Group as a lessee
                        The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
                        leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
                        right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

                        i)      Right-of-use assets

                        The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the
                        underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                        depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of
                        right of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease
                        payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use
                        assets (office premises) are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the
                        estimated useful lives of the assets. This is 5 years.

                        If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
                        exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

                        The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.

                        ii)     Lease liabilities

                        At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present
                        value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
                        (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease i ncentives receivable, variable lease payments
                        that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.
                        The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be
                        exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                        Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a
                        rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which
                        the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                        In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                        lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

                                                                                                                                      41
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
                        interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
                        remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (eg.
                        changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease
                        payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

                        iii)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

                        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
                        equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date
                        and do not contain a purchase option). It also appli es the lease of low-value assets recognition
                        exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short -
                        term leases and leases of low value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the
                        lease term.

                        Group as lessor
                        Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
                        of an asset are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight -line




For personal use only
                        basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating
                        nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                        carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental
                        income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

                        (u)      Plant & Equipment

                        Plant and Equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.

                        (v)      Depreciation

                        Depreciation is provided on plant and equipment. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis to
                        write off the net cost or other revalued amount of each asset over its expected useful life to its estimated
                        residual value. The following useful lives are applied to asset categories:

                        Useful Life      Asset Category
                        10 years         Ponds & Infrastructure, Machinery, Furniture and Fittings
                         5 years         Motor Vehicles
                         3 years         Computers, Tanks, Other Equipment

                        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These
                        gains and losses are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. When
                        revalued assets are sold, amounts included in the reval uation reserve relating to that asset are transferred
                        to retained earnings.

                        2.       OPERATING SEGMENTS

                        The Company is currently managed primarily on the basis of its exploration activity. Operating segments
                        are therefore determined on the same basis.

                        Exploration
                        Segment assets, including acquisition costs of exploration licenses, all expenses related to the tenements
                        and profit on sale of tenements are reported on in this segment.

                        Segment assets
                        Where an asset is used across multiple segments, the asset is allocated to the segment that receives the
                        majority of economic value from the asset. In the majority of instances, segment assets are clearly
                        identifiable on the basis of their nature and physi cal location.

                        Unless indicated otherwise in the segment assets note, deferred tax assets and intangible assets have not
                        been allocated to operating segments.

                        Segment liabilities
                        Liabilities are allocated to segments where there is direct nexus between the incurrence of the liability
                        and the operations of the segment. Borrowings and tax liabilities are generally considered to relate to the
                        Company as a whole and are not allocated. Segment liabilities include trade and other payables.


                                                                                                                                  42
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Unallocated items
                        The following items of revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are not allocated to operating segments as
                        they are not considered part of the core operations of any segment:

                               •       non-recurring items of revenue or expense;
                               •       deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                       Exploration          Unallocated                   Total
                        30 June 2025                                             $                    $                       $

                        Revenue
                        Interest                                                    -            142,031                142,031
                        Other                                                       -            263,121                263,121
                        Total segment revenue                                       -            405,152                405,152
                        Segment net operating (loss)/profit                         -        (9,314,022)            (9,314,022)
                        after tax
                        Share based payments                                        -        (4,584,554)            (4,584,554)




For personal use only
                        Segment assets
                        Exploration expenditure (i)                   190,767,729                      -            190,767,729
                        Cash and cash equivalents                               -              4,447,999              4,447,999
                        Other assets (ii)                              26,626,562              1,349,226             27,975,788
                        Total segment assets                          217,394,291              5,797,225            223,191,516
                        Segment liabilities (iii)                      15,030,444                913,909             15,944,353

                        Geographic Location - Exploration
                           (i)    Argentina: $182,047,717
                                  Australia:    $8,720,012
                           (ii)   Argentina: $26,626,562
                           (iii)  Argentina: $15,030,444



                                                                       Exploration          Unallocated                   Total
                        30 June 2024                                             $                    $                       $

                        Revenue

                        Interest                                                    -            581,348                581,348
                        Other                                                       -            317,550                317,550
                        Total segment revenue                                       -            898,898                898,898
                        Segment net operating (loss)/(profit                                 (9,505,462)            (9,505,462)
                        after tax                                                   -
                        Share based payments                                        -        (4,749,962)            (4,749,962)
                        Segment assets
                        Exploration expenditure                           131,601,536                 -             131,601,536
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                   -         4,334,457               4,334,457
                        Other assets                                       35,458,143         2,866,225              38,324,368
                        Total segment assets                              167,059,679         7,200,682             174,260,361
                        Segment liabilities                                13,553,114           864,884              14,417,998



                        3.   REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                  30 June 2025      30 June 2024
                                                                                                             $                 $

                         Interest received and accrued from financial institutions                         91,784         581,348

                         Interest received other                                                           50,247                  -

                         Total Interest                                                                142,031            581,348

                                                                                                                                  43
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025


                         Other Income



                         Sundry                                                                        6,140                -

                         Company secretarial recoupment                                               58,400          57,480

                         Office recharge                                                             198,581         260,070

                         Total Other Income                                                          263,121         317,550

                        4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                         Recognised in the income statement
                                                                                                          Consolidated Group
                                                                                                            2025           2024
                         a) Tax Expense
                                        Current tax expense                                                      -              -




For personal use only
                                        Deferred tax expense                                                     -              -
                               Total income tax expense per income statement                                     -              -

                                  b) Numerical reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax net profit or (loss)

                               Net profit/(loss) before tax                                           (9,314,022)    (9,505,462)

                               Corporate tax rate applicable                                               30.00%        30.00%

                               Income tax expense/(benefit) on above at applicable                    (2,794,206)    (2,851,639)
                               corporate rate

                               Increase in income tax due to tax effect of:
                                       Share based payments expense                                     1,406,721     1,438,219
                                       Non-deductible expenses                                            612,098       916,145
                                       Current year tax losses not recognised                             769,215       205,960
                                       Current year capital losses not recognised                         431,003        53,661

                               Decrease in income tax expense due to:
                                     Movement in unrecognised temporary differences                     (367,042)       287,415
                                     Deductible equity raising costs                                     (57,789)       (49,761)

                               Income tax expense attributable to entity                                         -              -

                         Deferred tax assets and liabilities

                         d) Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities                                 30.00%        30.00%

                               Deferred tax assets
                               Employee Provisions                                                         58,404        39,503
                               Other Provisions & Accruals                                                 14,961        17,466
                               ROU Assets                                                                 134,072        11,361
                               Blackhole - Previously Expensed                                              2,023           602
                               Tax losses                                                               3,167,032     1,980,455
                               Other DTA's                                                                  7,192        33,084
                                                                                                        3,383,684     2,082,471

                               Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                     (3,383,684)   (2,082,471)
                               Net deferred tax assets                                                           -             -


                                                                                                                          44
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                 Deferred tax liabilities
                                 Exploration & Mine Properties                                            (3,263,190)       (2,056,108)
                                 Lease Liabilities                                                          (120,494)                  -
                                 Other DTL's                                                                        -           (26,363)
                                 Gross deferred tax liabilities                                           (3,383,684)       (2,082,471)
                                 Set-off of deferred tax assets                                             3,383,684         2,082,471
                                 Net deferred tax liabilities                                                       -                  -




                          (e) Unused tax losses and temporary differences for which no
                             deferred tax asset has been recognised

                                 Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect
                                 of the following using corporate tax rates of:                               30.00%            30.00%

                                 Deductible Temporary Differences                                            182,263           559,988




For personal use only
                                 Tax Revenue Losses                                                        4,458,772         3,665,460
                                 Tax Capital Losses                                                          485,099            54,097

                                 Total Unrecognised deferred tax assets                                    5,126,134         4,279,545

                          The corporate tax rates on both recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax
                          liabilities have been calculated with respect to the tax rate that is expected to apply in the year the
                          deferred tax asset is realised or the calculated liability is settled.



                        5.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                  30 June 2025         30 June 2024
                                                                                                             $                    $

                        Cash at bank                                                                  4,447,999           4,334,457
                        Deposits at call (i)                                                                  -                   -
                                                                                                      4,447,999           4,334,457

                        (i)   The effective interest rate on the cash maximiser account was 2.5% (2024: 3.05%).


                        6.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                        GST receivables, interest accrued and other debtors                             177,956            191,924

                        There were no trade receivables past due but not impaired. Due to the short-term nature of these
                        receivables, their carrying amount is assumed to approximate their fair value. The maximum exposure to
                        credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of receivables mentioned above.
                        Refer to note 18 for more information on the risk management policy of the Company and the credit
                        quality of the Company’s trade receivables.


                        7.    FINANCIAL ASSETS

                        Investments in listed and unlisted corporations at fair value (i)             352,137             1,640,505


                        (i)       Several investments were divested during the period for net proceeds of $1,289,992, resulting
                                  in a net loss of $204,726




                                                                                                                                  45
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        8        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                            Plant and            Computer     Motor                       Total
                                                           Equipment             Equipment   Vehicles
                                                                $                   $             $                   $
                             Year Ended 30 June 2025
                             Opening net book                 33,719,856          342,903     1,515,384             35,578,143
                             amount
                             Additions                         1,201,561            13,780            -               1,215,341
                             Adjustment/Transfers            (4,598,485)          (10,363)    (458,763)             (5,067,611)
                             Disposal of assets                        -                 -     (41,322)                (41,322)
                             Depreciation expense            (4,512,285)         (177,532)    (322,824)             (5,012,641)
                             Closing net book                 25,810,647          168,788       692,475             26,671,910
                             amount

                             Year Ended 30 June 2025
                             Cost                            33,950,727            589,692    1,614,120             36,154,538




For personal use only
                             Accumulated                     (8,140,080)         (420,904)    (921,645)             (9,482,628)
                             depreciation and
                             impairment
                             Net book amount                  25,810,647          168,788       692,475             26,671,910

                             Year Ended 30 June 2024
                             Opening net book                  6,663,721          211,518       897,941              7,773,180
                             amount
                             Additions                        33,991,051           430,046     1,647,149            36,068,246
                             Adjustment/Transfers                      -                 -              -                     -
                             Disposal of assets                        -                 -              -                     -
                             Depreciation expense            (6,934,916)         (298,661)   (1,029,706 )           (8,263,283)
                             Closing net book                 33,719,856          342,903     1,515,384             35,578,143
                             amount

                             Year Ended 30 June 2024
                             Cost                             40,704,118          690,487     2,626,625             44,021,229
                             Accumulated
                             depreciation and                (6,984,262)         (347,584)   (1,111,241 )           (8,443,086)
                             impairment
                             Net book amount                  33,719,856          342,903     1,515,384             35,578,143



                        9.        EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION
                                                                                                       30 June 2025           30 June 2024
                                                                                                                  $                      $

                        Costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest:


                        Brought forward                                                                     131,601,536            71,137,277
                        Exploration expenditure capitalised during the year                                  52,944,688            50,101,259
                        Catalina vendor shares issued                                                                 -            10,000,000
                        Quebec vendor shares issued                                                                   -               363,000
                        Creditor shares issued                                                                6,221,505                       -
                        Balance at reporting date                                                           190,767,729           131,601,536

                        The value of the Company’s interest in exploration expenditure is dependent upon:

                             •     the continuance of the Company’s rights to tenure of the areas of interest;
                             •     the results of future exploration; and
                             •     the recoupment of costs through successful development and exploitation of the areas of
                                   interest, or alternatively, by their sale.

                                                                                                                                         46
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Management assessment and impairment review

                        In accordance with AASB 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources, management has
                        reviewed the carrying amount of exploration and evaluation expenditure as at 30 June 2025. The Group
                        maintains current legal rights of tenure across all projects, and significant operations are ongoing.

                        The Directors considered the impairment indicators listed in AASB 6 paragraph 20 and concluded that no
                        impairment was required at 30 June 2025. In forming this view, the Directors noted that:

                            •   the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting resources from the Hombre Muerto
                                West project were not demonstrable at balance date;
                            •   project financing had not yet been secured as at 30 June 2025; and
                            •   nano-filtration processing technology, while promising, had not yet been proven at commercial
                                scale.

                        Accordingly, the carrying amount of $190,767,729 remains classified as exploration and evaluation
                        expenditure and has not been reclassified to development costs under AASB 6 paragraph 17.
                        Key judgements and estimates (AASB 101.122–125)




For personal use only
                        The assessment of exploration and evaluation expenditure involves significant judgement, particularly in
                        determining whether costs are expected to be recouped through future development or sale. Key
                        judgements include:

                            •   the classification of Hombre Muerto West Phase 1 as exploration and evaluation rather than
                                development;
                            •   the assumption that project funding will be secured in future periods;
                            •   the technical feasibility of proposed processing technologies; and
                            •   the continued validity of tenure across all project areas.

                        Should future exploration results, funding outcomes, commodity prices, or permitting conditions differ
                        materially from current expectations, the carrying value of these assets may be subject to impairment in
                        future periods.


                        10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                  30 June 2025    30 June 2024
                                                                                                             $               $



                        Trade payables                                                               1,074,528       3,063,548
                        Accruals                                                                     7,299,784       7,191,969
                                                                                                     8,374,312      10,255,517

                        11. RIGHT OF USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITY


                        Effective 1 December 2022 the company executed a 5 year office lease for its new premises at level 1,
                        50 Kings Park Road, West Perth 6005.


                            Right-of-use assets                                                 30 June 2025      30 June 2024
                                                                                                           $                 $

                            Office lease
                            At carrying amount                                                        956,373         941,221
                            Additions                                                                       -          15,142
                            Less: Accumulated amortization                                          (436,350)       (266,654)
                                                                                                      520,023         689,719




                                                                                                                                47
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                              Leases
                              Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing
                              loans and borrowings) and the movements during the period:

                             As at 1 July                                                                       605,717             749,427
                             Additions                                                                                -                   -
                             Accretions of interest                                                              26,726              34,253
                             Payments                                                                         (185,535)           (177,963)
                             As at 30 June                                                                      446,908             605,717

                             Current                                                                           174,910             158,809
                             Non-current                                                                       271,998             446,908

                              The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:

                             Depreciation                                                                     166,198              166,198
                             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                             26,726               34,253
                             Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                        192,924              200,451




For personal use only
                        The Group had total cash outflows for leases of $185,535 in the period to 30 June 2025 (2024: $177,965).

                        12. ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                                                 2025                2025
                                                                                                               Number                   $

                        Fully paid ordinary shares (2024: 473,943,995- $176,749,287)                      957,978,401         227,790,334


                        Ordinary Shares
                        Ordinary shares participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
                        to the number of shares held. At shareholder meetings each ordinary share is entitled to one vote when
                        a poll is called, otherwise each shareholder has one vote on a show of hands.

                                                                         30 June 2025      30 June 2025        30 June 2024       30 June 2024

                                                                             Number                    $            Number                     $
                        Balance at the beginning of the period             473,943,995       176,749,288          336,915,405        128,831,780
                        Option conversions at $0.21 (i)                                -                  -         5,940,000          1,247,400
                        Placement shares at $0.46 (ii)                                 -                  -        38,943,477         17,913,999
                        Share Purchase Plan at $0.46 (iii)                             -                  -         8,702,150          4,003,000
                        Placement shares at $0.23 (iv)                       3,973,262           913,849           57,826,088         13,300,000
                        Placement shares at $0.105 (v )                    244,947,277        25,719,464                      -                 -
                        Placement shares at $0.11 (vi)                     114,923,665        12,641,602                      -                 -
                        Share Purchase Plan at $0.11 (vii)                   3,045,436           334,998
                        Acuity ATM (viii)                                              -                  -        15,000,000          2,385,150
                        Acuity ATM Collateral Shares (ix)                   67,250,000         7,911,000                      -                 -
                        Vendor shares - Catalina (x)                                   -                  -         9,756,098         10,000,000
                        Vendor shares - Quebec (xi)                                    -                  -             550,000          363,000
                        Consultant shares (xii)                                        -                  -              60,777           44,100
                        Consultant shares (xiii)                               451,427           67,714                       -                 -
                        Consultant shares (xiv)                                        -                  -             250,000          137,500
                        Shares issued to Creditors (xv)                     48,187,045         5,996,754                      -                 -
                        Shares issued Employees (xvi)                        1,256,294           157,037                      -                 -
                                                                           957,978,401       230,491,706          473,943,995        178,225,929
                        Less: transaction costs                                        -      (2,701,372)                     -       (1,964,731)
                        Transfer from equity-based reserve                             -                -                     -           488,089
                        Balance at the end of the period                   957,978,401       227,790,334          473,943,995        176,749,287



                                                                                                                                          48
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                (i)    Issued on various dates upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.21 on or before
                                       8/10/23).
                                (ii) Issued 38,943,477 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.46 per share on 06 February 2024.
                                (iii) Issued 8,702,174 fully paid ordinary shares in a share purchase placement at $0.46 per share on 02 April
                                       2024.
                                (iv) Issued 57,826,088 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.23 per share on 24 May 2024.
                                       3,973,262 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to directors under a $0.23 placement, as approved by
                                       shareholders on 12 July 2024 (on 12 August 2024).
                                (v) Issued 244,947,277 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.105 per share on 17 September 2024,
                                       17 October, 24 October 2024 and 30 January 2025.
                                (vi) Issued 114,923,665 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.11 per share on 28 April 2025, 08 May
                                       2025 and 27 May 2025.
                                (vii) Issued 3,045,436 fully paid ordinary shares in a share purchase placement at $0.11 per share on 12 June
                                       2025.
                                (viii) Issued 15,000,000 ordinary shares to Acuity Capital under an ATM (on 12 April 2024). On 14 May 2024,
                                       7,950,000 shares were set off, with 7,050,000 collateral shares remaining under the facility.
                                (ix) Issued 67,250,000 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to Acuity Capital under the terms and
                                       conditions of an At-The-Market Subscription Deed (on 15 July 2024, 2 August 2024, 15 August 2024, 20
                                       November 2024, 27 December 2024, 28 February 2025 and 28 March 2025).
                                (x) Issued to the vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Catalina).
                                (xi) Issued to the vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Quebec).




For personal use only
                                (xii) Shares issued to a consultant on 26 August 2022 and 04 September 2023 in lieu of services provided.
                                (xiii) 451,427 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to a consultant under the terms of their contract (on 08
                                        November 2024).
                                (xiv) Shares issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided.
                                (xv) 48,187,045 fully paid ordinary shares issued to creditors on 20 September, 17 December 2024 and 17
                                        January 2025 in lieu of payment.
                                (xvi) 1,256,294 fully paid ordinary shares were issued to employees in lieu of payment of bonus on 07 February
                                        2025.

                        Performance Shares

                        A review of performance shares valuation as at 30 June 2025 was conducted by management (refer
                        Note 16 for details).

                        Options as at 30 June 2025

                        37,599,675 options with expiry dates and exercise price as per below were issued during the period.
                        6,700,000 were issued to the Managing Director, Senior Management and staff (refer Note 16 for details).
                        500,000 options with an expiry date of 24/12/24 expired during the period.

                        The following unquoted options remained on issue as at 30 June 20 25:

                                Expiry Date                 Exercise Price           Unquoted Options

                                18/07/2026                      $0.35                    30,899,675
                                05/11/2027                      $0.50                    1,000,000
                                16/08/2028                      $0.165                    700,000
                                20/11/2029                      $0.35                    5,000,000

                                Expiry Date                 Exercise Price             Listed Options

                                  20/03/29                       $0.65                   47,645,627

                        Performance and service rights as at 30 June 2025

                        There were a total of 27,678,055 performance and service rights on issue at 30 June 2025 (refer Note 16
                        for details).

                        Capital risk management

                        The Board controls the capital of the Company in order to provide the shareholders with adequate returns
                        and ensure that the Company can fund its operations and continue as a going concern. The Company’s
                        capital includes ordinary share capital. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.




                                                                                                                                           49
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                                                                                        30 June 2025         30 June 2024
                                                                                                                   $                    $


                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                     4,447,999           4,334,457
                              Trade and other receivables                                                     177,956             191,924
                              Trade and other payables                                                    (8,374,312)        (10,255,517)
                              Working capital position                                                    (3,748,357)          (5,729,136)

                        13. RESERVES

                        This reserve records the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
                        remuneration, share based payments to 3 rd parties plus option consideration for acquisitions.

                        Equity Based Reserve
                        Opening balance                                                                   12,061,143            7,079,234
                        Valuation of Performance rights (i)                                                 4,949,861           5,131,307




For personal use only
                        Reversal of Performance rights for resigned employees (ii)                          (503,822)           (233,310)
                        Valuation of Options (iii)                                                             71,683           (148,035)
                        Valuation of STI and PIP performance rights (iv)                                       66,832                   -
                        Fair value of exercised options transferred to share capital                                 -          (488,089)
                        Transfer to accumulated losses (v)                                                  (612,145)                    -
                        Closing Balance                                                                   16,033,552           11,341,107


                        Foreign Currency Translation Reserve                                                1,093,217             720,036
                        Total Reserves                                                                    17,126,769           12,061,143

                        (i)      Represented by 16,500,000 performance rights issued to directors and 1,350,000 performance rights issued to
                                 senior management, which are being expensed and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights.
                        (ii)     Reversal of Performance rights for resigned employees.
                        (iii)    Valuation of unlisted options issued to senior management and staff.
                        (iv)     Valuation of STI and PIP performance rights and service rights issued during the period
                        (v)      Valuation of expired Options.

                        14.        ACCUMULATED LOSSES
                                                                                                          30 June 2025         30 June 2024
                                                                                                                      $                    $
                        Opening balance                                                                    (28,968,067)         (19,462,605)
                        Loss for the Year                                                                    (9,314,022)         (9,505,462)
                        Transfer from Reserves                                                                  612,144                          -
                        Closing Balance                                                                     (37,669,942)        (28,968,067)

                        15. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                                               Number              Number
                        Basic weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
                                                                                                           734,626,379         376,661,469
                        during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share
                        Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
                                                                                                           819,871,681         424,807,096
                        during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share
                                                                                                                         $                   $
                        Loss used in the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share                    (9,314,022)         (9,505,462)

                        16. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

                        Options

                        There were 6,700,000 Unlisted Options issued to directors and employees.
                                                                                                                                         50
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Unquoted options are issued to directors, employees and consultants. The unquoted options may be
                        subject to performance criteria, and are issued to directors, employees and consultants to increase goal
                        congruence between executives, directors and shareholders. Unquoted options carry no dividend or
                        voting rights.

                        The following parameters were used to value the options issued during the year ended 30 June 2025:
                                                          Fair Value at
                                            Number of    Grant Date per    Estimated                     Share Price at     Risk Free
                             Allottee        Options          Right        Volatility   Exercise Price    Grant Date      Interest Rate
                           Director (*)      5,000,000      $0.09156         95%            $0.35           $0.150           4.17%
                            Employee          500,000       $0.06232         95%            $0.50           $0.165           4.07%
                            Employee          500,000       $0.02550         82%            $0.50           $0.125           3.82%
                           Employees          700,000       $0.03967         82%           $0.165           $0.096           3.32%

                        (*) 5 million unquoted options were issued to the Managing Director on 20 November 2024 (approved by
                        shareholders at the AGM on 15 November 2024). The unquoted options will vest once the Company has
                        executed binding documentation sufficient for the financing of the development and construction of
                        the Hombre Muerto West lithium project to produce 4ktpa LCE.




For personal use only
                        Once vested, the Options will have an expiry date on or before 5.00pm WST on the date that is five (5)
                        years following the date of issue at an exercise price of $0.35.

                        Performance and Service Rights

                        There were a total of 17,850,000 Performance Rights, 3,314,691 STI Performance Rights, 2,173,364 PIP
                        Performance Rights and 4,340,000 Service Rights on issue at 30 June 2025. The above totals include
                        3,687,327 issued to management personnel.

                        Directors

                        Total value of the Director Performance Rights is $16,469,100. This amount is being expensed and
                        amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $3,832,913 during this
                        period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
                        adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
                        vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds
                        the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading
                        days.

                        The total value of the Director STI Performance rights, PIP Performance rights and Service Rights is $749,073
                        There was $45,088 expense recognised during the period for STI Performance rights, PIP Performance
                        rights and director Service rights

                        Management

                        The total value of the Management Performance Rights was $2,068,830. This amount is being expensed
                        and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $507,428 during
                        this period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
                        adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
                        vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds
                        the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading days.

                        The total value of the STI Performance rights and PIP Performance rights was $ 228,202. There was $21,745
                        expense recognised during the period for STI Performance rights and PIP Performance rights.

                        The following table illustrates the movements and the number and weighted average exercise prices of
                        share-based payment options on issue during the year:




                                                                                                                                      51
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025


                                                                             2025                               2024
                                                                      Number of   Weighted              Number of     Weighted
                                                                        Options Ave Exercise              Options   Ave Exercise
                                                                                     Price $                             Price $

                          Balance at 1 July 2024                        500,000              1.30         6,940,000             0.32
                          Expired during the year                     (500,000)              1.30         (500,000)             0.65
                          Exercised during the year                           -                         (5,940,000)             0.21
                          Issued during the year                      6,700,000              0.35                 -
                          Balance at 30 June 2025                     6,700,000              0.35           500,000             1.30
                          Exercisable at 30 June 2025                 6,700,000                              500,000

                          The options outstanding at 30 June 2025 had a weighted average remaining life of 3.959 years (2024 –
                          0.485 years). The weighted average fair value of the options outstanding at 30 June 202 5 was $0.35
                          (2024 - $1.30).




For personal use only
                        Performance Shares

                                                                        Fair Value
                                                                          at Grant                   Life of                 Expected
                                                          Number of      Date per                   Shares                    exercise
                         Allottee                            Shares         Option   Probability    (years)    Expiry Date        date


                        Blue Sky Milestones


                         - Share A(i)                             Vested for vendors on 2 December 2019 (i)
                         - Share B(ii)                   10,000,000       $0.185           80%         N/A             N/A       N/A

                        The calculation of the value of the above performance shares resulted in a share -based expense of Nil
                        during the year, which is based on management’s assessment of the probability of the milestones being
                        met.

                        (i)    Milestone of 80kt lithium carbonate lithium JORC resource achieved 1 October 2019
                        (ii)   Probability of Blue Sky Milestone – Share B was re-assessed at 80% , recognising the delivery of a DFS
                               study targeting production of 5.4ktpa on 3/7/2023.


                        Blue Sky Milestones

                        Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
                        of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due upon the
                        commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

                        Managing Director Performance Shares

                        There are no outstanding Managing Director Performance Shares as at 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                                                   52
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        17.      CASH FLOW INFORMATION

                        Reconciliation from the net loss after tax to the net cash flow from operations


                                                                                                        30 June 2025       30 June 2024
                                                                                                                   $                  $

                         Loss from ordinary activities after income tax                                    (9,314,022)       (9,505,462)
                        (Gain) /Loss on sale of shares                                                         204,726                 -
                        Fair value adjustment to investments                                                   (1,624)         1,154,793
                        Depreciation                                                                          222,624            255,173
                        Share based payments                                                                4,584,554          4,749,962
                        Changes in assets and liabilities
                        (increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                      13,969         (156,007)
                        (increase)/decrease in prepayments                                                    (29,685)                 -
                        (increase)/decrease in Financial Assets                                             1,288,368                   -




For personal use only
                        - Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                    63,006            (30,081)
                        - Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                    (438,045)           756,007
                         Cash flow from operations                                                         (3,406,129)       (2,775,615)


                        18. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

                        The Company’s financial instruments consist of deposits with banks, accounts receivable and payable.
                        The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity
                        risk. Risk management is carried out by the Board of Directors who monitor, evaluate, and manage the
                        Company’s financial risk. The financial receivables and payables of the Company in the table below are
                        due or payable within 30 days.


                                                                          Variable         Fixed
                                                                                                         Non-interest
                                                                          Interest       Maturity – 1                      2025 Total
                                                                                                           Bearing
                                                                            Rate         Year or Less                          $
                                                                                                              $
                                                                              $               S
                        2025
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                          4,447,999                -                 -       4,447,999

                        Receivables                                            5,159                -         172,797          177,956
                        Held for trading financial assets                            -              -         352,137          352,137

                        Total financial assets                             4,453,158                -         524,934         4,978,092

                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                  2.31%
                        Financial liabilities

                        Trade payables and accruals                                                        (8,374,312)      (8,374,312)
                        Net financial assets                                                                                (3,396,220)




                                                                                                                                        53
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                                                                         Variable           Fixed
                                                                                                          Non-interest
                                                                         Interest         Maturity – 1                      2024 Total
                                                                                                            Bearing
                                                                           Rate           Year or Less                          $
                                                                                                               $
                                                                             $                 S
                        2024

                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                       4,334,457                    -                  -    4,334,457

                        Receivables                                               -                  -        191,924          191,924

                        Held for trading financial assets                         -                  -       1,640,505       1,640,505

                        Total financial assets                           4,334,457                   -       1,832,429        6,166,886

                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                  3.05%
                        Financial liabilities

                        Trade payables and accruals                                   -              -     (10,255,517)     (10,255,517)




For personal use only
                        Net financial assets                                                                                 (4,088,631)

                        The financial instruments recognised at fair value in the statement of financial position have been
                        analysed and classified using a fair value hierarchy reflecting the significance of the inputs used in making
                        the measurements. All financial instruments m easured at fair value are level one, meaning fair value is
                        determined from quoted prices, in active markets for identical assets.


                        Financial risk management objectives and policies

                        The Board of Directors monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Company
                        through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include
                        market risk (including fair value and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company does not
                        enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative
                        purposes.

                        Credit risk management

                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
                        financial loss to the Company. The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy
                        counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of
                        financing loss from defaults. The Company exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are
                        continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst
                        approved counterparties.

                        Credit risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by the board. The
                        board’s policy requires that surplus funds are only invested with counterparties with Standard & Poor’s
                        rating of at least AA-. All of the Company’s surplus funds are invested with a AA- rated financial institution.

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the financial assets
                        as summarised below:


                                                                                                         30 June 2025       30 June 2024
                                                                                                                    $                  $

                        Cash and cash equivalents - Australia                                               4,355,583          2,745,143
                        Receivables – Australia                                                               177,956            191,924


                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any provision for losses,
                        represents the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk.

                        All Australian receivables noted above are due within 30 days.


                                                                                                                                         54
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Market risk

                        Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and
                        equity prices will affect the Company’s income or value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
                        objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
                        parameters, while optimising the return.

                        Liquidity risk management

                        Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, who have built an
                        appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company’s short, medium
                        and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by
                        maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities by continuously
                        monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
                        liabilities.

                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with
                        financial liabilities. The Company has no borrowings. The Company’s non-cash investments can be




For personal use only
                        realised to meet accounts payable arising in the normal course of business.

                        Interest rate risk exposure

                        Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market
                        interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk as it invests funds at both fixed and floating
                        interest rates. The risk is managed by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate
                        deposits. The Company has no borrowings.



                                                                                                      30 June 2025        30 June 2024
                                                                                                                 $                   $
                        Interest bearing financial instruments
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                         4,447,999           4,334,457
                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                              2.31%               3.05%

                        Sensitivity analysis

                        Interest rate risk

                        The Company has performed sensitivity analysis relating to its exposure to interest rate risk at balance
                        date. The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect on the current year results and equity which could
                        result from a change in these risks.

                        Interest rate sensitivity analysis

                        At 30 June 2025, the effect on loss because of changes in the interest rate, with all variables remaining
                        constant would be as follows:


                        Change in loss


                        Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                        44,480             43,345
                        Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                      (44,480)           (43,345)

                        Change in equity
                        Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                        44,480             43,345
                        Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                      (44,480)           (43,345)

                        Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

                        At 30 June 2025, the effect on loss because of changes in the Foreign currency, with all variables
                        remaining constant would be as follows:




                                                                                                                                    55
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025



                                                                                                       30 June 2025      30 June 2024
                                                                                                                  $                $
                        Change in loss
                        Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                    584,118         1,866,985
                        Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                  (584,118)       (1,866,985)

                        Change in equity
                        Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                    584,118         1,866,985
                        Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                  (584,118)       (1,866,985)

                        19. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION

                        Refer to the remuneration report contained in the directors’ report for details of remuneration paid or
                        payable to each member of the Company’s key management personnel for the year ended 30 June
                        2025.
                        The totals of remuneration paid to KMP of the Company during the year are as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                        30 June 2025     30 June 2024
                                                                                                                   $               $

                          Short term employee benefits                                                    959,386              951,047
                          Post-employment benefits                                                         77,973               74,326
                          Other long-term benefits                                                              -                    -
                          Equity based payments (i)                                                     3,823,913            3,843,415
                                                                                                        4,870,272            4,868,788

                        (i)    This amount excludes the value of performance options for resigned directors.

                        Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $390,308 (2024: $231,000) in capital raising fees for the 2025 financial
                        year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
                        Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

                        The Company received $58,400 (2024: $57,480) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
                        Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
                        Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                        Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid or due a total of $439,668 (2024: $163,603) in legal fees for the 2025
                        financial year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as the
                        Galan Non-Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd. There
                        was NIL outstanding at 30 June 2025.

                        Chilean based Ad-Infinitum was paid a total of $68,926 (2024: $605,500), for engineering consultancy for
                        the 2025 financial year. Ad-Infinitum is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
                        Non-Executive Director Claudia Pohl is Managing Partner and General Manager of Ad-Infinitum.

                        20. COMMITMENTS

                        The mining tenement option obligations, which include declared tenement commitments at
                        Greenbushes are not provided for in the financial statements and are payable as follows:

                                                                                                       30 June 2025      30 June 2024
                                                                                                                  $                 $

                        No longer than one year                                                                271,920        260,363
                        Longer than one year but not longer than five years                                    367,270        592,241
                        Longer than five years                                                                  83,687               -
                                                                                                               722,877        852,604




                                                                                                                                    56
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        A summary of the resolution of previously material outstanding mining tenement option obligations are as
                        follows:

                        Candelas Properties – Candela, Candela II, Candela III, Candela Iv, Candela V and Candela VI

                        As announced on 8 February 2023, Galan moved to 100% full ownership and title to the Candelas project.
                        Candelas has no outstanding payment obligations attached to it.

                        Catalina Property – Full Ownership

                        On 28 July 2023, the Company announced that it had executed the necessary agreements to register its
                        full ownership of the Catalina tenure (as issued by the Catamarca and Salta authorities). There is a long -
                        standing political border dispute (over 100 years) between Salta and Catamarca, that includes the
                        northern part of the Salar del Hombre Muerto, which does not have a foreseeable resolution. Over time,
                        both respective provincial mining authorities have claimed the right on the disputed area and have been
                        issuing mining rights that overlap over the same area. For clarity, Galan’s Catalina tenure covers Catalina,
                        Rana de Sal II, Rana de Sal III, Pucara del Salar and Deceo I.




For personal use only
                        The Catalina tenure has never been included in the HMW Resource estimate but is now classified under
                        the HMW Project and a more focused and detailed work campaign will ramp up in the area.

                        Catalina is located in a disputed area between Salta and Catamarca without final definition, therefore
                        the ownership of the area will be disputed by Salta up until the Federal Congress takes a final decision. It
                        is not expected that such a resolution will eventuate in the foreseeable near future.

                        However, following on from negotiations with the Salta private owner, an agreement has been reached
                        whereby the Company owns 100% of the Catalina project, both in Salta and Catamarca, upon the issue
                        of 9,756,098 fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of Galan (issued 28 July 2023). The uncertainty around
                        the private ownership and potential mine development of the tenure has now been resolved through this
                        important acquisition.

                        21. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

                        On 4 July 2025, the Company issued a total of 5,972,171 ordinary shares to Directors (and/or their
                        nominees) under the terms and condition of the $0.11 placement announced on 16 April 2025.

                        As announced on 1 August 2025, The Company closed out its Acuity ATM for net proceeds of $2 million.

                        At the shareholders meeting held on 22 August 2025, Shareholders approved the issue of a total of
                        181,818,182 shares and 90,909,091 Options ($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period from date
                        of issue) in relation to the $20 million placement to Clean Elements fund. The placement consisted of two
                        tranches:

                        Tranche 1 – 90,909,091 shares and 45,454,545 options ($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period
                        from date of issue); and
                        Tranche 2 – 90,909,091 shares and 45,454,546 options ($0.15 exercise price with a 3 year exercise period
                        from date of issue).

                        Tranche 1 equity was issued on 1 September 2025 upon the receipt of $10m. Tranche 2 equity is expected
                        to be issued on or before 22 November 2025 (pending receipt of $10m).

                        On 1 September 2025, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares to a consultant under the terms and
                        conditions of an agreement.

                        Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
                        report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
                        significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
                        affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.




                                                                                                                                  57
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        22. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS


                                                                                                   30 June 2025 30 June 2024
                                                                                                              $            $
                        Remuneration of the auditor for:
                        Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2023                          -            3,665
                        Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2024                     19,257           57,501
                        Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2025                     87,025                -
                                                                                                        106,282           61,164

                        23.   CONTROLLED ENTITIES

                                                                             Country of Incorporation    Percentage Owned
                                                                                                            2025     2024
                         Galan Lithium Limited (Parent Entity)                              Australia
                         Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (Controlled Entity)                       Australia       100%        100%
                         Galan Exploraciones S.A. (GESA)                                   Argentina        100%        100%
                         Galan Litio S.A. (GLSA)                                           Argentina        100%        100%




For personal use only
                         Galan Quebec Exploration Inc. (Controlled Entity)                  Canada          100%        100%

                        On 15 July 2019, the Argentinian authorities granted the Company permission to become a registered
                        foreign shareholder of GESA. Under the Argentine Corporations Code, a local company must have at
                        least two shareholders. At the date of this report, the Company now holds 95% of the issued shares in
                        GESA with the remaining 5% being held in trust, on behalf of the Company, by Mr Vargas de la Vega. In
                        Financial year ended 30 June 2022, a second company was registered in the Salta province in Argentina
                        - Galan Litio SA (‘GLSA’) under the same ownership structure as GESA.

                        On 26 September 2023, Galan Quebec Exploration Inc was incorporated.


                        24. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
                                                                                               30 June 2025       30 June 2024
                                                                                                          $                  $
                        (a)       Statement of financial position
                        Assets
                         Current assets                                                             4,563,224        2,937,067
                         Non-current assets                                                       208,188,422      158,566,571
                        Total assets                                                              212,751,645      161,493,638

                        Liabilities
                          Current liabilities                                                       5,232,484        1,072,691
                          Non-current liabilities                                                     271,998          578,583
                        Total liabilities                                                              873,967
                                                                                                    5,504,482        1,651,275
                                                                                                        767,472
                        Equity
                         Issued capital                                                           227,790,336      176,749,287
                         Reserves:
                         Equity based payment reserve                                              17,308,269        13,051,066
                         Retained losses                                                          (37,851,441)     (29,957,990)
                         Total Equity                                                             207,247,163)     159,842,363

                                                                                                  (13,634,671)
                        (b)       Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                         Total profit/ (loss)                                                      (8,198,662)      (8,785,426)
                        Total comprehensive income                                                 (8,198,662)      (8,785,426)




                                                                                                                                  58
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        25. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                        Galan Lithium Limited has the following material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 202 5:

                        Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
                        of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due
                        upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

                        There is a potential liability in relation to the termination of a contract, in the event of no agreement being
                        reached for the provision of future services, in the amount of $1.7 million as at 30 June 2025

                        There are no outstanding Managing Director Performance Shares as at 30 June 2025.


                        26. ENVIRONMENT PROVISION


                        The company has recognised a rehabilitation provision for its mining operations in Argentina, as at 30
                        June 2025 of $6,928,452 (2024: $3,425,088). The increase in provision is driven by land disturbance from




For personal use only
                        evaporation pond construction and is reassessed each reporting period to reflect updated cost
                        assumptions and area of land disturbance.


                                                                                                        30 June 2025 30 June 2024
                                                                                                                    $            $
                        Opening Balance                                                                   3,425,088      3,748,355
                        Increase (decrease) in provision                                                  3,503,364      (323,267)
                        Closing Balance                                                                   6,928,452      3,425,088




                                                                                                                                    59
                        CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025


                                                        Type of       Country of     %     Australian   Foreign tax
                                                          Entity   Incorporation   Owned   or Foreign   jurisdiction
                                                                                            resident     of foreign
                                                                                                         residents

                         Galan Lithium Limited            Body         Australia            Australia      Australia
                         (Parent Entity)              corporate
                         Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd         Body         Australia   100%     Australia      Australia
                         (Controlled Entity)          corporate
                         Galan Exploraciones S.A.         Body        Argentina    100%      Foreign      Argentina
                         (GESA) (Controlled Entity)   corporate
                         Galan Litio S.A. (GLSA)          Body        Argentina    100%      Foreign      Argentina
                         (Controlled Entity)          corporate
                         Galan Quebec Exploration         Body          Canada     100%      Foreign       Canada
                         Inc. (Controlled Entity)     corporate




For personal use only




                                                                                                                       60
                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Galan Lithium Limited, the directors of the Company
                        declare that:

                        1.      the financial statements and notes, as set out, on pages 29 to 59 are in accordance with the
                                Corporations Act 2001 and:

                                a.      comply with Australian Accounting Standards, which, as stated in accounting policy Note 1
                                        to the financial statements, constitutes compliance with International Financial Reporting
                                        Standards (IFRS); and
                                b.      give a true and fair view of the financial position as at 30 June 2025 and of the performance
                                        for the year ended on that date of the Company;

                        2.      in the directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to
                                pay its debts as and when they become due and payable;

                        3.      in the directors’ opinion the information disclosed in the consolidated entity disclosure statement is
                                true and correct; and




For personal use only
                        4.      the directors have been given the declarations required by s 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from
                                the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.

                        On behalf of the Directors




                        JP Vargas de la Vega
                        Managing Director
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        30 September 2025




                                                                                                                                61
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF GALAN LITHIUM LIMITED

                        Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Opinion

                        We have audited the financial report of Galan Lithium Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the
                        Consolidated Entity”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2025,
                        the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
                        changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the




For personal use only
                        financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the consolidated entity disclosure
                        statement and the director’s declaration.

                        In our opinion:

                        a.    the accompanying financial report of the Consolidated Entity is in accordance with the Corporations Act
                              2001, including:

                              (i)    giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2025 and
                                     of its financial performance for the year then ended; and

                              (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.


                        Basis for Opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section
                        of our report. We are independent of the Consolidated Entity in accordance with the auditor independence
                        requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and
                        Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence
                        Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled
                        our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.


                        Key Audit Matters

                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
                        of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                        financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                        these matters.
                        Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                        Exploration and Evaluation

                        As disclosed in Note 9 to the financial statements,     Our procedures included, amongst others:
                        the Group had an exploration and evaluation
                                                                                   •   Assessing management’s determination of
                        balance of $190,767,729 as at 30 June 2025.
                                                                                       its areas of interest for consistency with the
                        Exploration and evaluation expenditure is a key audit          definition in AASB 6. This involved analysing
                        matter due to:                                                 the tenements in which the Group holds an
                                                                                       interest and the exploration programs
                            •   The significance of the balance to the
                                                                                       planned for those tenements;
                                Group’s financial position.




For personal use only
                                                                                   •   For each area of interest, we assessed the
                            •   The level of judgement required in
                                                                                       Group’s rights to tenure by corroborating to
                                evaluating management’s application of the
                                                                                       agreements in place;
                                requirements of AASB 6 Exploration for and
                                Evaluation of Mineral Resources (“AASB             •   We considered the activities in each area of
                                6”). AASB 6 is an industry specific                    interest to date and assessed the planned
                                accounting     standard    requiring the               future activities for each area of interest by
                                application   of significant judgements,               evaluating budgets;
                                estimates and industry knowledge. This
                                                                                   •   Substantiated a sample of expenditure by
                                includes   specific  requirements  for
                                                                                       agreeing to supporting documentation; and
                                expenditure to be capitalised as an asset
                                and subsequent requirements which must             •   We assessed each area of interest for one
                                be complied with for capitalised expenditure           or more of the following circumstances that
                                to continue to be carried as an asset.                 may indicate impairment of the capitalised
                                                                                       expenditure:
                            •   The      assessment    of   impairment     of
                                exploration and evaluation      expenditure                o   the licenses for the right to explore
                                requiring judgement.                                           expiring in the near future or are not
                                                                                               expected to be renewed;

                                                                                           o   substantive expenditure for further
                                                                                               exploration in the specific area is
                                                                                               neither    budgeted     or   planned
                                                                                               decision or intent by the Group to
                                                                                               discontinue activities in the specific
                                                                                               area of interest due to lack of
                                                                                               commercially viable quantities of
                                                                                               resources; and

                                                                                           o   data indicating that, although a
                                                                                               development in the specific area is
                                                                                               likely to proceed, the carrying
                                                                                               amount of the exploration asset is
                                                                                               unlikely to be recovered in full from
                                                                                               successful development or sale.
                         Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                                                                      •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                                          included in Note 9 to the financial
                                                                                          statements.

                         Accounting for Share Based Payments

                         As disclosed in Notes 13 and 16 to the financial         Our procedures amongst others included:
                         statements, during the year ended 30 June 2025 the
                                                                                      •   Analysing agreements to identify the key
                         Group incurred share based payments expense of
                                                                                          terms and conditions of share based
                         $4,584,554.
                                                                                          payments issued and relevant vesting




For personal use only
                         Share based payments are considered to be a key                  conditions in accordance with AASB 2 Share
                         audit matter due to:                                             Based Payments;

                             •   the value of the transactions;                       •   Evaluating valuation models and assessing
                                                                                          the assumptions and inputs used;
                             •   the complexities involved in the recognition
                                 and measurement of these instruments; and            •   Assessing the amount recognised during the
                                                                                          year in accordance with the vesting
                             •   the judgement involved in determining the
                                                                                          conditions of the agreements;
                                 inputs used in the valuations.
                                                                                      •   Assessing the achievement of relevant
                                                                                          milestones; and

                                                                                      •   Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                                          included in notes 13 and 16 to the financial
                                                                                          statements.



                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                        included in the Consolidated Entity’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2025, but does not include the
                        financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                        any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the remuneration report and our related
                        assurance opinion.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                        doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
                        knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
                        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
                        fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such
                        internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that
                        gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and the
                        consolidated entity disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement, whether due to
                        fraud or error.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Consolidated Entity’s ability to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going




For personal use only
                        concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Consolidated Entity or to cease
                        operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.


                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                        financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
                        and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                            •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or
                                error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
                                is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                                misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                                collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                            •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                effectiveness of the Consolidated Entity’s internal control.

                            •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                            •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Consolidated Entity’s ability to continue as a going
                                concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                                auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
                                to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                                auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Consolidated Entity to cease to
                                continue as a going concern.
                            •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                                manner that achieves fair presentation.

                            •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                business activities within the Consolidated Entity to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                                responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Consolidated Entity audit. We remain
                                solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                        and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
                        our audit.




For personal use only
                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
                        in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
                        these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                        when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
                        because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                        benefits of such communication.


                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2025.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Company, for the year ended 30 June 2025, complies with section
                        300A of the Corporations Act 2001.


                        Responsibilities

                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report
                        in accordance with s 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                        remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                                 MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                                       Director



                        Dated this 30th day of September 2025
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not shown elsewhere in this
                        Annual Report is as follows. The information is provided as at 19 September 2025.

                        DETAILS OF EQUITY SECURITIES

                        ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS

                        There are 1,057,859,633 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 7,170 individual shareholders. Each member
                        entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy or by attorney and on a show of hands every person who is a
                        member or a representative or a proxy of a member shall have one vote and on a poll every member present
                        in person or by proxy or attorney or other authorised representative shall have one vote for each share held.

                        TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

                        Fully Paid Ordinary Shareholders                                                  Number        Percentage


                        Clean Elements Fund (held in escrow)                                            90,909,091               8.59
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       75,753,213               7.16




For personal use only
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (IB AU Noms Retail Client))                        74,743,139               7.07
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                       65,658,277               6.21
                        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                        64,087,838               6.06
                        Latam Resources Pty Ltd                                                         42,835,724               4.05
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (Clearstream)                                      31,879,506               3.01
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/c 2                               28,910,348               2.73
                        Compania Constructora Y Servicios Excon SA                                      28,229,227               2.67
                        Annandale Street Holdings Pty Ltd (Annadale Street Holding A/c)                 17,269,482               1.63
                        Havelock Mining Investment Ltd                                                  16,955,870               1.60
                        Mr Zhaoyang Liu                                                                 14,739,103               1.39
                        Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega                                                    12,414,213               1.17
                        Ouyang b& Hu Pty Ltd (Ouuyang Family A/c)                                        8,457,160               0.80
                        Mr Terry Gardiner                                                                8,169,697               0.77
                        Mrs Kelly Allen                                                                  6,950,000               0.66
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                        6,879,622               0.65
                        Mr Bradley William Smith                                                         6,314,385               0.60
                        Mr Yizhong Zhang                                                                 6,200,000               0.59
                        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Ltd                                            5,737,895               0.54

                                                                                                      613,093,790              57.96

                        VOTING RIGHTS

                        Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes (at present there are
                        none) at general meetings of shareholders or classes of shareholders:

                        (a) each shareholder entitled to vote, may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or representative;

                        (b) on a show of hands, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative
                            of a shareholder has one vote; and

                        (c) on a poll, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative of a
                            shareholder shall, in respect of each fully paid share held, or in respect of which he/she has appointed
                            a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for the share, but in respect of partly paid shares
                            shall have a fraction of a vote equivalent to the proportion which the amount paid up bears to the
                            total issue price for the share.

                        VOTING RIGHTS

                        There are 2,757 shareholders who hold less than a marketable parcel of shares.



                                                                                                                                  67
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE HOLDERS

                                                                             Ordinary
                                                                               Shares
                                1 to      1,000                               781,268
                            1,001 to      5,000                             5,547,354
                            5,001 to     10,000                             7,728,771
                           10,001 to    100,000                            74,643,886
                         100,001 and over                                 969,158,384
                                                                        1,057,859,663

                        SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

                        As at report date, the following shareholders are recorded as Substantial Shareholders pursuant to their
                        last notices lodged in accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act:

                         Substantial Shareholder                                              Ordinary Shares held     % Held
                         Clean Elements Ltd                                                            111,295,098      10.52




For personal use only
                        The percentage set out above is based on the total issued share capital at the date of ASX notification
                        of substantial shareholder interest.

                        SHARE BUY-BACKS

                        There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.

                        OTHER INFORMATION

                        Galan Lithium Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by
                        shares.




                                                                                                                             68
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2025

                        INTEREST IN MINING TENEMENTS (AS AT 19 SEPTEMBER 2025)

                        Argentina (Hombre Muerto projects) - 100% right, interest and/or title

                        Argentina Gold I
                        Candela I – IX, XI-XV
                        Casa Del Inca III & IV
                        Catalina
                        Deceo I, II & III
                        Del Condor
                        Delmira, Demira I
                        Don Martin
                        Pata Pila
                        Pucara del Salar
                        Rana de Sal I, II, III & IV
                        Salinas
                        Santa Barbara VII, VIII, X, XXIV

                        Australia (Greenbushes South project) – 100% interest




For personal use only
                        E70/4629
                        E70/4690
                        E70/4790
                        E70/4777
                        E70/5680
                        P70/1702 to P70/1704
                        E70/4889 (Pending)
                        E70/6263 (Pending)
                        P70/1698 to P70/1701 (Pending)

                        Canada (James Bay project) – 50% interest

                        James Bay – Claim Nos

                        CDC2662038-CDC2662057
                        CDC2660890-CDC2660897

                        Taiga - Claim Nos

                        CDC2661464-CDC2661493




                                                                                                 69
