                             ACN 149 349 646
                         AND CONTROLLED ENTITIES




For personal use only
                        ANNUAL REPORT
                            30 June 2024
                        CONTENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024




                          Corporate Directory                                                        1

                          Directors’ Report                                                          2

                          Auditor’s Independence Declaration                                        32

                          Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income   33

                          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                              34

                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                               35

                          Consolidated Cash Flow Statement                                          36




For personal use only
                          Notes to the Financial Statements                                         37

                          Directors’ Declaration                                                    63

                          Independent Auditor’s Report                                              64

                          Additional Shareholder Information                                        70
                        CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024



                        Directors

                        Richard Homsany (Non-Executive Chairman)
                        Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega (Managing Director)
                        Terry Gardiner (Non-Executive Director)
                        Daniel Jimenez (Non-Executive Director)
                        Claudia Pohl (Non-Executive Director)

                        CFO

                        Ross Dinsdale (appointed 10 July 2024)


                        Company Secretary




For personal use only
                        Mike Robbins

                        Registered Office

                        Level 1, 50 Kings Park Road
                        West Perth, WA, 6005
                        Ph: +61 8 9214 2150
                        Email: admin@galanlithium.com.au
                        Website: www.galanlithium.com.au

                        Auditors

                        Hall Chadwick
                        283 Rokeby Road
                        Subiaco WA 6008

                        Share Registry

                        Automic Share Registry
                        Level 5, 191 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth WA 6000

                        Stock Exchange Listing

                        Australian Securities Exchange Limited (ASX) – Perth, Australia

                        ASX Code - GLN

                        FSX Code - 9CH




                                                                                          1
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        The Directors submit their report on Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan) and its controlled
                        entities (the Group) for the financial year ending 30 June 2024 (the year).

                        Galan is a company limited by shares that is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its listed equity
                        securities are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).

                        1.     DIRECTORS & OFFICERS

                        The names and details of the Company’s Directors in office during the year and until the date of this report
                        are as follows. Directors were in office for the entire year unless otherwise stated.

                        Directors

                        Richard Homsany - Non-Executive Chairman

                        Experience

                        Mr Homsany is an experienced corporate lawyer who has extensive board and operational experience
                        in the resources and energy sectors. He is Executive Chairman of ASX listed Toro Energy Limited (ASX:TOE),




For personal use only
                        Executive Vice President, Australia of TSX listed Mega Uranium Ltd (TSX:MGA), Chairman of Health
                        Insurance Fund of Australia Ltd and the principal of Cardinals Lawyers and Consultants, a boutique
                        corporate and energy & resources law firm.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Redstone Resources Limited                Since November 2007
                        Toro Energy Limited                       Since December 2013
                        Brookside Energy Limited                  Since February 2020

                        Interest in shares and options

                        4,024,284 ordinary shares
                        3,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions)
                        65,217 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 March 2029)
                        1,000,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 July 2026)

                        Juan Pablo (‘JP’) Vargas de la Vega - Managing Director

                        Experience

                        JP is a Chilean/Australian mineral industry professional with over 20 years’ broad experience in ASX listed
                        mining companies, stockbroking and private equity firms. JP has been a specialist lithium analyst in
                        Australia, has also operated a private copper business in Chile and has worked for BHP, Rio Tinto and
                        Codelco. He was the founder of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd, the vendor of the original Argentinian assets and
                        has been Galan’s Managing Director since mid 2018.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Interest in shares and options

                        21,650,741 ordinary shares
                        6,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions)
                        2,239,129 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 March 2029)
                        600,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 July 2026)




                                                                                                                                  2
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Ms Claudia Pohl – Non-Executive Director

                        Experience

                        Ms Pohl is a civil industrial engineer with over 23 years’ senior executive experience at Sociedad Química
                        y Minera de Chile (SQM NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) a world leader in the lithium
                        industry. Since leaving SQM, she has been Managing Partner and General Manager of Chilean based
                        Ad-Infinitum, a process engineering consultancy, with specific focus on lithium brine projects under study
                        and development, and the associated project evaluations.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Interest in shares and options

                        43,478 ordinary shares
                        21,739 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 July 2026)




For personal use only
                        Terry James Gardiner - Non-Executive Director

                        Experience

                        Mr Gardiner has over 25 years’ experience in capital markets, stockbroking & derivatives trading and prior
                        to that had many years trading in equities & derivatives for his family accounts. Currently a Director of
                        boutique stockbroking firm Barclay Wells Limited, and a Non-Executive Director of Cazaly Resources Ltd
                        and Charger Metals NL plus non-executive positions with other ASX listed entities.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Cazaly Resources Limited since December 2016.
                        Roto-Gro International Limited since July 2019.
                        Charger Metals NL since August 2021

                        Interest in shares and options

                        8,870,704 ordinary shares
                        3,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions)
                        1,315,217 listed options (GLNOB - exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 March 2029)
                        200,000 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 July 2026)

                        Daniel Jimenez - Non-Executive Director

                        Experience

                        Mr Jimenez is a civil industrial engineer and MBA who previously worked for the world leader in the lithium
                        industry Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile (NYSE:SQM, Santiago Stock Exchange: SQM-A, SQM-B) for
                        28 years based in Santiago, Chile, Belgium and the USA. His last position was as Senior Vice President
                        Commercial Lithium, Iodine and Industrial Chemicals where he formulated the commercial strategy and
                        marketing of SQM’s industrial products and was responsible for over US$900 million worth of sales.

                        Other listed directorships

                        Nil

                        Interest in shares and options

                        3,777,497 ordinary shares
                        3,000,000 performance rights (with various share price vesting conditions)
                        164,892 unlisted options (exercise price $0.35 expiry date 18 July 2026)




                                                                                                                                 3
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Officers

                        Ross Dinsdale – Chief Financial Officer (appointed 10 July 2024)

                        Mr Ross Dinsdale has 18 years of extensive experience across capital markets, equity research, investment
                        banking and executive roles in the natural resources sector. He has held positions with Goldman Sachs,
                        Azure Capital and more recently he acted as CFO for Mallee Resources Limited. He is a CFA charter
                        holder, has a Bachelor of Commerce and holds a Graduate Diploma in Applied Finance.

                        Mike Robbins - Company Secretary

                        Mr Robbins has over 25 years resource industry experience gathered at both operational and corporate
                        levels, both within Australia and overseas. During that time, he has held numerous project and head office
                        management positions and is also Company Secretary for Cazaly Resources Limited.

                        2.        DIVIDENDS

                        No dividend has been paid during the year and no dividend is recommended for the year.




For personal use only
                        3.        DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS

                        The number of Directors’ meetings held and conducted during the financial year and the number of
                        meetings attended by each Director are:

                                                                                                       Meetings
                                                                                                    No.           No.
                                                                                                Eligible     Attended

                             Mr Homsany                                                               8              8
                             Mr Vargas de la Vegas                                                    8              8
                             Ms Pohl                                                                  8              7
                             Mr Gardiner                                                              8              8
                             Mr Jimenez                                                               8              7


                        For details of the function of the Board and any relevant committees please refer to the Corporate
                        Governance Statement on the Company’s website at www.galanlithium.com.au.

                        4.        PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

                        The principal activity of the Company during the course of the financial year consisted of mineral
                        exploration, evaluation and development.

                        5.        RISKS

                        Risk Factors

                        There are risks that specifically relate to the Company’s current mode of operations. The following is not
                        intended to be an exhaustive list of risk factors to which the Company may be exposed.

                        (a) Security of Tenure

                        The Company operates in Australia, Argentina and Canada. In all jurisdictions the Company’s activities
                        are conducted on granted tenements or licences governed by the relevant state legislation. Each
                        licence is granted for a specified term and has specific compliance conditions including but not limited
                        to annual expenditure, payments of rents and rates, and reporting commitments.

                        Exploration licences are subject to periodic renewal. Any licence renewal, while not guaranteed, may
                        come with increased costs. While the Company endeavours to meet its commitments for exploration
                        licences, there is no guarantee that the Company will satisfy the expenditure commitments. If the term of
                        any licence is not renewed or extended, the Company may suffer damage through loss of the
                        opportunity to discover and/or develop any mineral resources on these tenements. Interests in tenure
                        may also be compromised or lost due to changes in government policy, third party interests or claims.


                                                                                                                                4
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        (b) Capital requirements

                        The Company’s capital requirements depend on numerous factors. Additional funding may be required
                        and may be raised by the Company via the issues of equity, debt or a combination of debt and equity
                        or asset sales. Any additional equity financing will dilute shareholdings, and debt financing, if available,
                        may involve restrictions on financing and operating activities.

                        The Board and management of the Company have discretion concerning the use of the Company’s
                        capital resources as well as the timing of expenditures. Capital resources may be used in ways not
                        previously anticipated or disclosed. The results and the effectiveness of the application of capital
                        resources are uncertain. If they are not applied effectively, the Company’s financial and/or operational
                        performance may suffer.

                        As announced, the Company has entered into an agreement with Chengdu Chemphys Chemical
                        Industry Co., Ltd (Chemphys) in relation to a US$3 million strategic placement at an issue price of $0.105
                        per Share. Completion under that agreement is subject to due diligence by Chemphys and the entry into
                        definitive offtake agreements between the Company and Chemphys. Failing satisfaction of these
                        conditions, the Company will receive US$3 million less funding some or all of which will need to be sourced
                        from elsewhere. If settlement does not occur for any reason, the Company will have less funding available




For personal use only
                        for Phase 1 of the HMW Project, which may prevent or delay the implementation of the HMW Project. If
                        the Company does not receive $13.3 million pursuant to the Entitlement Offer announced on the same
                        date, the Company will also need to source funding from elsewhere to fully fund Phase 1 of the HMW
                        Project, which may prevent or delay the implementation of the HMW Project.

                        If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required to reduce, delay
                        or suspend its operations and this could have a material adverse effect on the Company's activities and
                        could affect the Company's ability to continue as a going concern or remain solvent. There is no
                        guarantee that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding or be able to secure funding
                        on terms favourable to the Company.

                        (c) Offtake

                        The Company has entered into a non-binding agreement with Chemphys for the offtake of product from
                        Stage 1 of the HMW Project and a prepayment of US$40 million for such product. The agreement is subject
                        to completion of due diligence by Chemphys and the entry into legally binding definitive agreements
                        which is required for the construction of Stage 1 of the HMW Project to be fully funded. If the entry into
                        legally binding definitive agreements does not occur the Company will need to source this level funding
                        from other sources, which include debt and/or equity to complete the construction of Stage 1 of the
                        HMW Project.

                        The Company’s operations and future revenues are also dependent on the counterparties to existing and
                        future offtake agreements performing their obligations. If counterparties do not take their obligated
                        quantities of product or seek to renegotiate the price or quantity of product, the Company’s profitability
                        could be adversely affected. The risk of non-performance or attempted renegotiation of terms by the
                        Company’s offtake customers is enhanced by prevailing demand and pricing sensitivities currently
                        impacting the global market for lithium products.

                        If any of the Company’s offtake customers default under agreed delivery schedules and/or any of its
                        future offtake agreements are otherwise terminated, there can be no assurance that the Company will
                        find a new counterparty willing to enter into a replacement offtake agreement with similar pricing,
                        quantity of terms.

                        (d) Reliance on key personnel

                        The Company is reliant on a number of key personnel and consultants. The loss of one or more of these
                        key contributors could have an adverse impact on the business of the Company. It may be difficult for
                        the Company to continue to attract and retain suitable qualified and experienced people.

                        (e) New projects and acquisitions

                        The Company may make acquisitions in the future as part of future growth plans. In this regard, the
                        Directors will use their expertise and experience in the resources sector to assess the value of potential
                        projects that have characteristics that the Directors consider are likely to provide returns to Shareholders.


                                                                                                                                   5
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        There can be no guarantee that any new project acquisition or investment will eventuate from these
                        pursuits, or that any acquisitions will result in a return for Shareholders. Such acquisitions may result in use
                        of the Company’s cash resources and/or the issuance of equity securities, which will dilute shareholdings.

                        (f) Native title, cultural heritage and land access

                        Mining tenements are generally subject to native title laws and may be subject to future native title
                        applications. Native title may preclude or delay granting of exploration and mining tenements or the
                        ability of the Company to explore, develop and/or commercialise the mining tenements. Considerable
                        expenses may be incurred negotiating and resolving issues, including any compensation agreements
                        reached in settling native title claims lodged over any of the mining tenements held or acquired by the
                        Company.

                        The presence of sacred sites and cultural heritage artefacts on mining tenements is usually protected by
                        law. Any destruction or harming of such sites and artefacts may result in the Company incurring significant
                        fines and court injunctions. The existence of such sites may limit or preclude exploration or mining activities,
                        which may cause delays and additional expenses for the Company in obtaining clearances.

                        (g) Results of studies




For personal use only
                        Subject to the results of any future exploration and testing programs, the Company may progressively
                        undertake a number of studies in respect to the Company’s current projects or any new projects. These
                        studies may include scoping studies, pre-feasibility studies and bankable feasibility studies.

                        These studies may not occur, but if they are completed, they would be prepared within certain
                        parameters designed to determine the economic feasibility of the relevant project within certain limits.
                        There can be no guarantee that any of the studies will confirm the economic viability of the Company’s
                        projects or the results of other studies undertaken by the Company (e.g. the results of a feasibility study
                        may materially differ to the results of a scoping study).

                        Further, even if a study determines the economics of the Company’s projects, there can be no guarantee
                        that the projects will be successfully brought into production as assumed or within the estimated
                        parameters in the feasibility study, once production commences including but not limited to operating
                        costs, mineral recoveries and commodity prices.

                        (h) Reserve and resource estimates

                        Ore reserve and mineral resource estimates are expressions of judgment based on drilling results, past
                        experience with mining properties, knowledge, experience, industry practice and many other factors.
                        Estimates which are valid when made may change substantially when new information becomes
                        available. Mineral resource and ore reserve estimation is an interpretive process based on available data
                        and interpretations and thus estimations may prove to be inaccurate. There is no guarantee that any of
                        the Company's projects will become feasible and consequently no forecast is made of whether or not
                        any ore reserve will be defined in future.

                        The actual quality and characteristics of reserve and resource estimates cannot be known until mining
                        takes place and will almost always differ from the assumptions used to develop resources. Further, ore
                        reserves are valued based on future costs and future prices and, consequently, the actual ore reserves
                        and mineral resources may differ from those estimated, which may result in either a positive or negative
                        effect on operations.

                        Should the Company encounter mineralisation or formations different from those predicted by past
                        drilling, sampling and similar examinations, resource estimates may have to be adjusted and mining plans
                        may have to be altered in a way which could adversely affect the Company’s operations.

                        (i) Operational

                        The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors which are beyond the control of the
                        Company, such as failure to locate or identify mineral deposits, failure to achieve predicted grades in
                        exploration or mining, operational and technical difficulties encountered in exploration and mining,
                        difficulties in commissioning and operating plant and equipment, mechanical failure or plant breakdown,
                        unanticipated metallurgical problems which may affect extraction costs, adverse weather conditions,
                        industrial and environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages, delays in
                        procuring, or increases in the costs of consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment, fire, explosions
                        and other incidents beyond the control of the Company. The operations of the Company may also be
                        affected by various other factors, including failures in internal controls and financial fraud.

                                                                                                                                      6
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        These risks and hazards could also result in damage to, or destruction of, production facilities, personal
                        injury, environmental damage, business interruption, monetary losses and possible legal liability. While the
                        Company currently intends to maintain insurance within ranges of coverage consistent with industry
                        practice, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to obtain such insurance coverage
                        at reasonable rates (or at all), or that any coverage it obtains will be adequate and available to cover
                        any such claims.

                        (j) Environmental regulation

                        The Company's projects are subject to provincial, state and federal laws and regulations regarding
                        environmental matters. The governments and other authorities that administer and enforce
                        environmental laws and regulations determine these requirements. As with all exploration projects and
                        mining operations, the Company’s activities are expected to have an impact on the environment,
                        particularly if they result in mine development.

                        While the Company complies with all environmental laws and regulations, the cost and complexity of
                        complying with the applicable environmental laws and regulations may prevent the Company from
                        being able to develop mineral deposits. There are also risks that the Company may inadvertently breach
                        environmental laws and regulations, with consequential adverse effects on the financial position and




For personal use only
                        performance of the Company.

                        Further, the Company may require approvals from relevant authorities before it can undertake activities
                        that are likely to impact the environment. There is no guarantee that approvals will be granted, thus
                        preventing the Company from undertaking its desired activities.

                        (k) Environmental liabilities

                        The Company’s activities are subject to potential risks and liabilities associated with (without limitation)
                        the potential pollution of the environment and the necessary disposal of mining waste products resulting
                        from mineral exploration and production. Insurance against environmental risk (including potential liability
                        for pollution or other hazards as a result of the disposal of waste products occurring from exploration and
                        production) is not generally available to the Company (or to other companies in the minerals industry) at
                        a reasonable price. To the extent that the Company becomes subject to environmental liabilities, the
                        satisfaction of any such liabilities would reduce funds otherwise available to the Company and could
                        have a material adverse effect on the Company. Laws and regulations intended to ensure the protection
                        of the environment are constantly changing and are generally becoming more restrictive.

                        (l) Climate change

                        The Company acknowledges the emergence of new or expanded regulations associated with the
                        transitioning to a lower-carbon economy and market changes related to climate change mitigation. The
                        Company may be impacted by changes to local or international compliance regulations related to
                        climate change mitigation efforts, or by specific taxation or penalties for carbon emissions or
                        environmental damage. These examples sit amongst an array of possible restraints on industry that may
                        further impact the Company and its profitability. While the Company will endeavour to manage these
                        risks and limit any consequential impacts, there can be no guarantee that the Company will not be
                        impacted by these occurrences; and

                        Climate change may cause certain physical and environmental risks that cannot be predicted by the
                        Company, including events such as increased severity of weather patterns and incidence of extreme
                        weather events and longer term physical risks such as shifting climate patterns. All these risks associated
                        with climate change may significantly change the industry in which the Company operates.

                        (m) Commodity price volatility and exchange rate

                        The Company is currently exposed to the risks of commodity price volatility and exchange rate
                        fluctuations which affects the Company’s expenditures. If the Company achieves success leading to
                        production (which may never occur), the revenue it will derive through the sale of product will expose
                        the potential income of the Company to commodity price and exchange rate risks.

                        (n) Sovereign/Political

                        The Company currently operates in Argentina, Australia, and Canada. There is sovereign risk associated
                        with operating in any country, including Australia. These risks may include economic, social or political
                        instability or change, hyperinflation, currency non-convertibility or instability and changes of law affecting
                                                                                                                                    7
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        foreign ownership, government participation, taxation, working conditions, rates of exchange, exchange
                        control, exploration licensing, export duties, repatriation of income or return of capital, environmental
                        protection, labour relations as well as government control over land access and natural resources.

                        Any future material adverse changes in government policies or legislation in which the Company has
                        projects that affect ownership, exploration, development or activities of companies involved in
                        exploration and production, may affect the viability and profitability of the Company.

                        6.       OPERATIONS & CORPORATE REVIEW

                        OPERATIONS

                        Safety

                        The Company and its contracting teams recorded four lost time injuries (LTI’s) since the 2023 annual report.

                        ESG




For personal use only
                        Galan is focused on the discovery of lithium as a critical resource for the development of EV batteries, to
                        assist with the decarbonisation of the economy and the transition to a more sustainable future. From its
                        early ventures in Argentina, Galan has strived to put the well-being of its employees, communities and
                        the environment first and foremost, as it continues its ongoing commitment towards a sustainable future
                        for all its stakeholders.

                        Galan is committed to sustainable and responsible practices aligned with the World Economic Forum's
                        international framework and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our
                        Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) reports are completed with reference to the Stakeholder
                        Capitalism Metrics (SCM) of the World Economic Forum (WEF). Our commitment spans governance,
                        environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and economic contributions, reflecting our dedication
                        to creating long-term value for stakeholders and communities.

                        Last year Galan engaged Socialsuite to assist in the compilation of its baseline ESG reporting, database
                        and systems and published its initial ESG Disclosure Report posted on Galan’s website
                        (www.galanlithium.com.au). During the 2024 financial year, Galan matured its ESG monitoring and
                        reporting whilst also further developing its ESG framework to enable it to regularly report against the 21-
                        core metrics and disclosures as promoted by the World Economic Forum.

                        The focus during the period has been on understanding our expected production carbon footprint and
                        developing comprehensive reporting processes and tracking our current performance across a range of
                        metrics:

                        Governance

                        Board Composition: Including Independence & Diversity

                        Corruption and Integrity: Including Galan’s ongoing commitment to ensuring ethical practices and
                        transparency.

                        Planet

                        Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: Including tracking Galan’s current carbon footprint and future
                        production footprint, expected to be in the first quartile of the industry emissions curve. Galan utilises the
                        Woodmac Emissions Benchmarking tool and has aligned its reporting model to this framework, Galan has
                        engaged Decarbonate to assist in validating our GHG calculations

                        Land Use and Biodiversity: Galan conducts biannual biodiversity studies to assess and mitigate any impact
                        on local ecosystems. Galan’s HMW Phase 2 Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) has been submitted.
                        Galan monitors the area rigorously, adhering to best practices in waste management, recycling and
                        regulatory standards. Galan’s operations are strategically positioned to avoid sensitive areas, reflecting
                        our commitment to sustainable development and the protection of ecological integrity.




                                                                                                                                    8
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Water Use: Galan measures water usage and are committed to responsible water management,
                        conducting daily monitoring and monthly water studies to assess both fresh and groundwater quality.
                        Galan launched an awareness campaign promoting water conservation and sustainable practices,
                        reinforcing our dedication to environmental stewardship.

                        People

                        Human Rights and Modern Slavery: Galan maintains rigorous systems and processes to prevent any
                        involvement in modern slavery or human rights violations related to our operations and supply chains,
                        demonstrating our commitment to ethical labour practices. During the financial year, the Company
                        adopted its Modern Slavery Values.

                        Diversity, Inclusion, and Equality: Galan measures the gender and age diversity of its workforce, including
                        management and continues to prioritise local employment from within the province of Catamarca.

                        Health and Safety: Galan has developed operation specific OH&S policies and procedures reporting
                        monthly on standard measures such as LTIs, LTIFR and incident severity ratings, training and development
                        hours and have also introduced a comprehensive wellbeing program for its workforce




For personal use only
                        Prosperity

                        Rate of Employment: Galan tracks workforce growth, proportion of local workforce participation and
                        employee turnover (including exit interview processes).

                        Economic Contribution: Galan invests in local development initiatives, conducted several visits and
                        education programs to support our local communities.

                        Community Relations: Recognising the importance of strong community ties, we have dedicated
                        resources to developing comprehensive Management Plans (including Communication Plan, Training
                        Plan, HR Management Plan and Purchasing and Contracts Management Plan), and Activities Programs
                        that are designed to contribute meaningfully to community development via creating tangible benefits
                        for local residents in relation to health, education, supporting local small businesses and tourism ventures.

                        Government Relations: Galan values a strong and collaborative relationship with government authorities,
                        recognising its critical role in fostering mutual understanding and driving community progress. We
                        maintain this positive engagement through regular meetings, where we discuss a range of affairs, from
                        regulatory updates to community initiatives.

                        Hombre Muerto West (100% Galan)

                        The Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Project is located in the Hombre Muerto basin, one of the most prolific
                        salt flats in the world. The basin is located in the Argentinean Puna plateau of the high Andes Mountains
                        at an elevation of approximately 4,000 m above sea level. The Project is 90 km north of the town of
                        Antofagasta de la Sierra, in the Province of Catamarca, Argentina and is located to the West and South
                        of the Salar del Hombre Muerto.

                        The HMW Project is in close proximity to other world class lithium projects owned by Arcadian Lithium Ltd
                        (formerly Livent and Allkem) and Posco (Figure 1). The project is around 1,400 km northwest of Buenos
                        Aires, the capital of Argentina and 170 km west-southwest of the city of Salta.




                                                                                                                                   9
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024




For personal use only



                                     Figure 1: Location of Galan’s 100% owned HMW and Candelas Projects in Argentina




                                                                                                                       10
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Production Plan and Studies

                        As previously disclosed, the HMW project has been separated into four production phases. The initial
                        Phase 1 Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) focused on the production of 5.4ktpa LCE of a lithium chloride
                        concentrate, as governed by the approved production permits. The Phase 2 DFS would target 21ktpa
                        LCE of a lithium chloride concentrate, followed by Phase 3 production of 40ktpa LCE and finally a Phase
                        4 production target of 60ktpa LCE. Phase 4 will include lithium brine sourced from both HMW and Galan’s
                        other 100% owned project in Argentina, Candelas.

                        For full details (including Cautionary Statements and Table 1 and Table 2 disclosures) surrounding the
                        Phase 1 DFS results please refer to the ASX announcement dated 3 July 2023 entitled ‘Phase 1 of Hombre
                        Muerto West (HMW) DFS Delivers Compelling Economic Results for Accelerated Production.’

                        On 3 October 2023, the Company announced that the Phase 2 DFS had increased the overall annual
                        production rate to 20,851 recoverable tonnes LCE, contained in a concentrated lithium chloride product
                        for a period of 40 years. The Phase 2 DFS results and analysis provided outstanding outcomes that
                        confirmed the tier one status of the HMW lithium brine project.

                        The Phase 2 DFS was prepared by several consultants. The Mineral Resource estimate was prepared by




For personal use only
                        SRK Consulting (SRK), the Reserve estimate was prepared by WSP Consulting (Chile) (WSP) (part of WSP
                        Ambiental S.A.), the lithium recovery method was designed by Ad-Infinitum and the pond and water
                        contour channels designs were developed by AIA Engineering and Consulting Services International (AIA)
                        and EIC Engineering (EIC), respectively. AIA and EIC are specialised engineering companies with sound
                        previous experience with similar projects. Pares & Alvarez Ingenieros Asociados Limitada (P&A) were
                        responsible for reviewing and documenting the recovery method and developing the engineering design
                        of the reagents and filter plant. P&A also developed the Project layout, infrastructure designs for water
                        and power supply that needed to be expanded for Phase 2, capital cost (Capex) and operating cost
                        (Opex) estimates and overall economic evaluation. Andeburg Consulting Services Inc. (ACSI) reviewed
                        the Capex, Opex and overall economic evaluation. The price estimates for lithium carbonate and lithium
                        chloride concentrate were developed by Wood Mackenzie and iLiMarkets, respectively.

                                                   Table 1: Phase 2 Definitive Feasibility Study Results – HMW Project


                           Parameters                                                                     Units          Values

                           Lithium Carbonate Equivalent (LCE) Production                                  tpa            20,851
                           Project Life Estimate                                                         Years            40
                           Capital Cost (Capex)                                                        US$ Million        429
                           Capital Cost (ex-contingency)                                               US$ Million        382
                           Average Annual Operating Cost (Opex)                                        US$/t LCE         3,510
                           Average Lithium Chloride Selling Price (2025-2064)                          US$/t LCE         22,841
                           Average Annual EBITDA                                                       US$ Million         374
                           Average Annual Free Cash Flow                                               US$ Million         236
                           Pre-Tax Net Present Value (NPV8%)                                           US$ Million        3,145
                           After-Tax Net Present Value (NPV8%)                                         US$ Million       1,993
                           Pre-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                                           %              57%
                           After-Tax Internal Rate of Return (IRR)                                         %              43%
                           Payback Period (After-Tax, commencement Phase 1 production)                   Years            2.9

                        For full details on the technical results (including Cautionary Statements and Table 1 and Table 2
                        disclosures) surrounding the Phase 2 DFS please refer to the ASX announcement dated 3 October 2023
                        entitled ‘Phase 2 DFS Confirms Tier One Status of Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Lithium Brine Project in
                        Argentina.’




                                                                                                                                  11
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Capex Transition between Phase 1 and 2

                        Phase 1 is currently in construction and Galan is targeting to continue directly with the construction of the
                        ponds for Phase 2, once the construction of the Phase 1 ponds is completed. This will have a positive
                        impact on the production plan and the Capex efficiency.

                        Other areas may not need this continuity of construction to achieve the Phase 2 production plan.
                        However, Galan will analyse the possibility of bringing forward or combining the construction of the Phase
                        2 facilities with the construction of Phase 1. This may result in capital savings and will reduce mobilisation
                        and demobilisation costs. The Phase 1 and Phase 2 Capex estimates are compared in Table 2. Galan will
                        review the transition between the phases to take advantage of potential savings and to further optimise
                        its cash flows.

                                                        Table 2: Incremental Capex Between Phase 1 and 2

                                                                               Phase 1       Phase 2 Incremental    Total Capex
                            Area                                               Capex               Capex             US$ Million
                                                                              US$ Million        US$ Million
                            Brine Wells and Brine Transport                       3.3                18.4               21.7




For personal use only
                            Evaporation Ponds System                             31.3                82.0              113.3
                            Reagents and Filter Plant                            27.0                30.6               57.6
                            Utilities                                             9.3               30.0               39.3
                            Infrastructure                                       12.9                2.1               15.0
                            Total Direct Cost                                    83.8               163.1              246.9
                            Total Indirect Cost                                  19.8               114.8              134.6
                            Total Capex without contingency                     103.6               277.9              381.5
                            Contingency                                          14.8                32.5               47.3
                            Total Capex                                         118.4               310.4              428.8

                        Construction Update

                        The construction phase and activities for the low cost, high grade HMW project continue to progress
                        towards timely production, forecast in H2 2025.

                        Overall completion of the HMW Phase 1 project now sits at approximately 45% with the ponds system at
                        ~2/3 capacity. The designed ponds system, if necessary, can support an inventory, until H2 2025, of up to
                        10,000t LCE without the need for processing through the plant. The key processing parameters, including
                        average flow rates, lithium grades and evaporation rates are all aligned with the Phase 1 DFS.

                        Lithium inventories have continued to increase in the HMW Phase 1 ponds and currently sit at 4,000t LCE.

                        New piping from the central northern part of the HMW project has now been connected, increasing pond
                        flow by up to 50%. In addition, the latest batch of liners are being installed for Ponds 4 and 5.

                        On 22 April 2024, Galan announced that the Catamarca Governor signed a commercial agreement in
                        support of the grant of permits for the commercialisation of lithium chloride concentrate from the Hombre
                        Muerto West lithium brine project. The permits will allow for the domestic sale or export of lithium chloride
                        concentrate, Galan will however continue to endeavour to place lithium chloride concentrate locally.
                        Galan is committed to pursuing further downstream processing routes (e.g. lithium carbonate, hydroxide
                        or other alternatives) after 4 years, in a location outside the Hombre Muerto salar. The next step in the
                        process is the formalisation and the passing into legislation.

                        Offtake Update

                        As announced on 27 August 2024, the Company entered into an offtake prepayment memorandum of
                        understanding with Chengdu Chemphys Chemical Industry Co., Ltd (Chemphys) in relation to the
                        Company’s Hombre Muerto West project in Argentina (Agreement).

                        Upon execution of definitive agreements, Galan will supply and Chemphys will purchase a total of 23,000
                        tonnes LCE, as a lithium chloride product, over the first five years of Phase 1 production from the HMW
                        project. Chemphys will also provide Galan with a US$40 million offtake prepayment facility to facilitate
                        the continued development of Phase 1 of the HMW project.


                                                                                                                                   12
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Key terms of the Agreement are contained in Table 3.

                                                               Table 3: Key Terms of Agreement

                         Item                                                                    Detail
                         Lithium Chloride Sales & Purchase Agreement
                         Delivery Period                                                    2025 -2030
                         Delivery Conditions                                                CIF China
                         Total Minimum Contract Volume                                     23,000 t LCE
                         Pricing                               Market linked pricing to Li2CO3 Battery Grade ≥ 99.5% index price
                         Offtake Prepayment
                         Prepayment Amount                                                  US$ 40 M.
                         Security                              First ranking security over lithium inventory and HMW project
                         Repayment                             Repayment over off-take period
                         Conditions of Agreement
                         Approvals                             Receipt of all regulatory approvals




For personal use only
                         Due Diligence                         Satisfactory completion of due diligence by Chemphys
                         Nature of Agreement                   Non-binding

                        Candelas Project (100% Galan)

                        The Candelas Project (refer Figure 1) is fully supported by a Preliminary Economic Assessment and a JORC
                        2012 Resource (refer Table 4) and lies approximately 40 km ESE of the HMW Project. It is hosted within a
                        ~15 km by 3–4 km wide structurally controlled basin infilled with sediments that host the Li-bearing brines.

                        Candelas has no third-party royalties attached to it and has a readily accessible reverse osmosis water
                        source ie. no river water will be required.

                        The Candelas project will be incorporated into Phase 4 of the revised 60ktpa LCE production plan.

                        Greenbushes South Project (100% Galan)

                        On 21 September 2023, the Company announced the completion of its extended maiden diamond
                        drilling program at its 100% owned Greenbushes South project in Western Australia, with final assay results
                        validating its exploration model for targets. The Company’s exploration model employed novel
                        geophysical methods for identifying blind pegmatites at depth, and the rock types associated with
                        spodumene mineralisation, and proved to be successful. Whilst the drilling did not detect any significant
                        lithium mineralisation, the results mean that Galan’s planning for further exploration will be more focused
                        and cost-effective.

                        The maiden diamond drilling campaign at Fry’s Block was extended into a second phase to validate the
                        exploration model provided by the geophysical and drilling results, and furthermore to take advantage
                        of the logistics, mobilisation and continued availability of the drilling team. Phase two drilling included
                        three additional diamond drill holes and a further 1,385 metres of drilling for a total of eight (8) holes and
                        3,885 metres of drilling.

                        Approximately 25% of the rock drill core recovered was classified as pegmatite. In general, whilst the
                        pegmatite intersected is not significantly enriched in lithium, caesium, and tantalum to an extent
                        consistent with ‘mineralised’ LCT pegmatites or granite, it does show a trend towards some enrichment in
                        these elements, which, along with some of the above observations, suggests the pegmatite cannot be
                        disregarded as genetically unrelated to the Greenbushes pegmatite at this stage. The Company has
                        engaged with primary stakeholders to gain strategic land access in the region and are developing
                        another geophysical campaign along with a new calibration of the previous drill core data. This will
                        enable the Company to identify the density characteristics of potentially new host rocks and targets and
                        provide further geophysical targeting.

                        For full details on the technical results (including Table 1 disclosures) on the Greenbushes South drilling
                        please refer to the ASX announcement dated 21 September 2023 entitled ‘Greenbushes South Drilling
                        Update.’



                                                                                                                                   13
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        In early April 2024, Galan and representatives from the Karri Karrak Aboriginal Corporation (KKAC) and
                        consulting anthropologists and archaeologists performed an ethnographic and archaeological heritage
                        survey in one of Galan’s lithium target areas. The survey confirmed that no ethnographic Aboriginal
                        heritage sites or places are located in the target area. Galan continues to be committed to working with
                        all First Nation peoples and has committed to continue to consult with KKAC in future drilling endeavours.

                        In July 2024, the Company was successfully awarded a co-funding grant of up to $220,000 for diamond
                        drilling, under Round 29 of the Western Australian Government’s Exploration Incentive Scheme (EIS). The
                        EIS funding supports the drilling of new potential pegmatite along strike of the Donnybrook-Bridgetown
                        Shear Zone. It is the first grant to be awarded in the South-West and highlights the government’s intention
                        to encourage the exploration of critical minerals and lithium in the region.

                        Canadian Projects (50/50 Joint Venture with Redstone Resources Limited)

                        As announced on 4 October 2023, Galan entered into a binding JV agreement with Redstone Resources
                        Limited (RDS) (as JV Manager) to acquire 100% of the Taiga, Camaro and Hellcat lithium projects in the
                        heart of the James Bay lithium province in Canada.

                        The JV was formalised upon the receipt by Galan, of 50,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in RDS on 8




For personal use only
                        December 2023.

                        The James Bay projects (James Bay and Taiga) are owned 50/50 by Galan and RDS.

                        The Ontario projects are covered by an exclusivity option.

                        Mineral Resource Estimate

                        The latest HMW Mineral Resource estimate was announced on 27 March 2024 (Refer ASX Announcement
                        entitled “Galan Increases Total Mineral Resource by 18% to 8.6MT LCE @ 859 mg/L Lithium”. The JORC
                        (2012) revised Mineral Resource estimate was completed by a team of leading independent geological
                        consultants, WSP Chile (WSP).

                        The maiden HMW Project Mineral Resource Estimate (refer Galan ASX release dated 12 March 2020) was
                        prepared by SRK and was further upgraded on 17 November 2020, 24 October 2022 and 1 May 2023.
                        Each upgrade has not only significantly increased the Total Resource inventory but also enhanced the
                        Resource category classifications and hence confidence in the viability and robustness of the HMW
                        project. This latest resource upgrade enhances Galan’s objective to achieve the necessary production
                        conditions for Stage 3 (40Ktpa LCE), towards our four-stage lithium production target of up to 60ktpa LCE
                        (including Candelas).

                         Table 4: Mineral Resource Statement for Hombre Muerto West and Candelas (effective date 26 March 2024)

                                               Brine Vol     In Situ Li     Avg Li                                         Avg K       KCl Equiv.
                         Resource Category                                              LCE (Kt)       In Situ K (Kt)
                                                (Mm3)            (Kt)       (mg/L)                                        (mg/L)          (Kt)
                                                                          Hombre Muerto West:
                              Measured            1,028          890          866          4,738            7,714           7,505        14,711
                              Indicated            347           310          894          1,649            2,717           7,837         5,181
                               Inferred            300           278          926          1,480            2,464           8,210         4,700
                              HMW Total           1,675         1,478         883          7,867           12,895           7,700        24,591
                                                                           Candelas North (*):
                              Indicated            196           129          672          685              1,734           5,193         3,307
                                                                     Galan´s Total Resource Inventory
                                Total             1,871         1,607         859          8,552           14,629           7,819        27,895
                                - No cut-off grade applied to the updated Mineral Resource Estimate.
                                - There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.
                                - The conversion for LCE = Li x 5.3228, KCl = K x 1.907.
                                (*) Candelas North tenements are located about 40 km to the Southeast of the HMW Project. The Candelas North Mineral
                                Resource Statement was originally announced by Galan on 1 October 2019.




                                                                                                                                               14
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Summary of Resource Estimate and Reporting Criteria

                        The Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) for lithium (reported as Li2CO3 equivalent) and potassium (KCl
                        equivalent) were completed by WSP (Chile). This updated MRE incorporates geological and
                        geochemical information obtained from thirty one (31) drillholes totalling 9,043 metres within the Pata Pila,
                        Rana de Sal I, Rana de Sal II, Casa del Inca III, Catalina, Del Condor, Pucara del Salar, Delmira, Don Martin,
                        El Deceo I, El Deceo II, El Deceo III and Santa Barbara tenements (see Figure 2). A total of 697 brine assays
                        were used as the foundation of the estimate, all of which were analysed at Alex Stewart International
                        laboratory (Jujuy, Argentina). The QA/QC program includes duplicates, triplicates, and standards, In
                        total, 376 QA/QC samples were considered using Alex Stewart (duplicates) and SGS in Argentina
                        (triplicates) as the umpired laboratory.

                        The updated HMW MRE was supported by new core porosity data from Santa Barbara, Casa del Inca III
                        and Del Condor tenements. The directly obtained brine samples and core recovery was endorsed with a
                        total of 82.5km of geophysical profiles comprising Controlled Source Audio-Frequency Magnetotellurics
                        (CSAMT) and Transient Electromagnetic surface resistivity (TEM) surveyed between 2018 and 2023. A
                        significant enhancement from previous MRE was the inclusion of the north project area (Catalina tenure),
                        specifically in the tenements of Rana de Sal II, Rana de Sal III, Catalina, El Deceo I, and El Deceo II (see
                        Figure 2).




For personal use only
                        The HMW MRE has now been reclassified based on the new data, confirming previous SRK estimations in
                        the Measured Resource area (4.7 million tonnes of contained lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) product
                        grading 866 mg/L Li). In accordance with JORC Code Guidelines, the total HMW Mineral Resource
                        (Measured + Indicated + Inferred) increased by approximately 20%, currently estimated around 7.9 million
                        tonnes of contained LCE grading at 883 mg/L Li. No cut-off grade has been applied to the updated MRE,
                        despite the minimum block grades being 400 mg/L of Li, which reflects a low economic threshold. These
                        low grades only account for 0.02% of the total resource, which is reflected in the high average grade of
                        measured resources (866 mg/L), positioning it above other projects. The HMW reservoir exhibits a highly
                        homogeneous and quality brine throughout the comprehended volume which permits the aggregation of
                        the complete ore body and simplifies future operational and process constraints.

                        Location & Tenure

                        The HMW Project is located on the western and south shore of the Hombre Muerto Salar (Salar), a world-
                        renowned lithium bearing salar located in the Argentinean Puna plateau region of the high Andes at an
                        elevation of approximately 4,000m above sea-level. The HMW Project comprises various exploration
                        areas, covering a total estimated polygon area of 18 km strike, up to 8km in width and up to 730m depth.
                        It lies adjacent to Arcadium Lithium and POSCO’s projects. It is approximately 1,400 km northwest of the
                        capital of Buenos Aires and 170 km west-southwest of the city of Salta.

                        Hydrogeological Model

                        An updated hydrogeological conceptual model was built for the HMW area and its vicinity based on the
                        following information:

                             •    Surface geological and structural map, based on a field campaign conducted in June 20231.
                             •    Surface geophysics resistivity profiles (15 CSMAT lines and 20 TEM lines)
                             •    Lithological logs
                             •    Hydraulic tests (Airlift and pumping tests)
                             •    Downhole geophysics (Borehole Nuclear Magnetic Resonance; BMR)
                             •    Granulometric and permeability analysis performed by SGS and Inlab laboratories.
                             •    Core porosity and specific yield measurements performed by SGS and Inlab laboratories with the
                                  Boyle method and Porous Plate Capillarity Pressure (PPCP) method respectively.
                             •    Chemical Assays from Alex Stewart and SGS laboratories.

                        Based on the information listed above, 5 main hydrogeological units (HU) were defined: Evaporite
                        deposits, Clastic deposits, Volcanic Rocks, Fractured Metamorphic Rocks and Basement. Each HU was
                        defined according to its lithology, storage capacity, and water transmissivity. The defined HUs and its
                        lithological description are presented in Table 5.




                        1 GLN internal report “Hombre Muerto West Northern Rock Fracture Zone (NFRZ) Mapping Summary”

                                                                                                                                  15
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                                      Table 5: Definition of hydrogeological units and its lithological description


                                                                     Hydrogeological
                                      Hydrogeological Unit                                     Lithological description
                                                                         Sub-unit


                                                                            1A                      Porous halite
                             1.-Evaporite Deposits
                                                                            1B           Halite with interbedded sediments
                                                                            2A            Unconsolidated Clastic deposits
                             2.-Clastic Deposits                            2B           Semi consolidated clastic deposits
                                                                            2C              Breccias and conglomerates
                                                                            3A                  High-porosity basalts
                             3.-Volcanic Rocks
                                                                            3B                  Low-porosity basalts
                                                                            4A                 Fractured silicified rock
                             4.-Fractured Metamorphic Rocks
                                                                            4B              Fractured rock with clay infill
                             5.-Basement                                     5                   Metamorphic Rock




For personal use only
                        A 3D hydrogeological model was built using Leapfrog geological software package considering
                        lithological logs previously categorized according to definition of hydrogeological units, surface
                        geological and structural array, and surface geophysics as the mainly datasets. 3D visualization of the
                        hydrogeological model and main sections within the HMW project are shown in Figure 2.




                           Figure 2: Leapfrog Hydrogeological Model 3D View and representative cross sections within the HMW
                                                                       Project.




                                                                                                                               16
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024




For personal use only




                          Figure 3: Galan’s Western Basin Tenure, Hombre Muerto Salar Argentina (shaded area shows updated effective
                                                            resource footprint and related tenements)




                                                                                                                                       17
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Resource Estimate

                        Resource estimate was performed using Leapfrog Edge software package and it was based on the
                        hydrogeological model considering the following: brine body boundaries, MRE block model, brine
                        volume estimate as a function of specific yield and brine chemistry interpolation (lithium and potassium).
                        A summary of each estimate component is presented below.

                        Brine body boundaries
                        Resource boundaries of the hydrogeologic model were determined as follows:

                                •       Top vertical limit is constrained by top of brine body determined by resistivity profiles (CSMAT
                                        and TEM) and defined resistivity ranges using downhole geophysics (BMR);
                                •       Bottom vertical limit is determined by top of basement;
                                •       The western margin is limited where the top of the brine body pinches out against basement
                                        and/or in areas where geophysics identified the freshwater-brine interface;
                                •       The eastern margin is constrained by the tenement boundaries;
                                •       The northern margin is constrained by tenement boundary El Deceo II;
                                •       The southern margin is constrained by Santa Barbara group tenements.




For personal use only
                        MRE Block model
                        A block model with cell dimensions of 40m (easting) by 200m (northing) by 10m (vertical) was used for
                        the MRE. Consideration was given to drill spacing, composite sample interval, and the interpreted
                        geometry and thickness of the hydrogeological domain and units.

                        Brine volume estimate
                        Was determined for each hydrogeological unit with a representative specific yield (Sy) in accordance
                        with available field data, hydrogeological conceptualization and literature. Sy for clastic deposits (HU 2A,
                        2B and 2C), halite with interbedded sediments (HU 1B) and high porosity basalts (HU 3A) were derived
                        from SGS laboratory measured values using the standard ISO 5636-5 methodology. Sy for fractured rocks
                        (HU 4A and 4B) were derived from total porosity downhole geophysics and specific retention information
                        based on literature. Basement was not considered in the brine volume estimate. A summary of assigned
                        Sy for each hydrogeological unit is shown in Table 6.

                                                    Table 6: Assigned specific yield for each hydrogeological unit.

                                                                                                               Aquifer
                                       Hydrogeological                                                                        Specific yield
                                                                              Lithology                        Volume
                                           sub-unit                                                                               (%)
                                                                                                                (Mm3)

                                               1A                          Porous halite                          44                10
                                               1B              Halite with interbedded sediments                 957                6.3
                                               2A               Unconsolidated Clastic deposits                  980               21.4
                                               2B              Semi consolidated clastic deposits                3221             19.7 (1)
                                               2C                 Breccias and conglomerates                     2882              9.6 (1)
                                               3A                      High-porosity basalts                       8                4.9
                                               3B                      Low-porosity basalts                      197                 2
                                               4A                     Fractured silicified rock                  1606                8
                                               4B                  Fractured rock with clay infill               5394                7

                        (1) An Sy differentiation was made for units 2B and 2C in Santa Bárbara tenement due to differences in Sy values compared with other

                        tenements where units 2B and 2C are present. Therefore, a value of 11.8 was assigned for HU 2B, and a value of 5.6 was assigned for
                        HU 2C in Santa Barbara tenement based on Sy samples of SB-01-23 exploration well.


                        Main units comprising the total geological volume modelled in the HMW tenements correspond to:

                                •       Clastic deposits (HU 2A, 2B and 2C) – 7083 Mm3
                                •       Fractured Metamorphic Rocks (HU 4A and 4B) – 7000 Mm3

                        Clastic deposits and fractured rocks comprise about 90% of the volume (14,083 Mm3) that hosts brine
                        resources.



                                                                                                                                                          18
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Brine chemistry interpolation:
                        Brine samples were obtained from multiple target intervals using packer, bailer, airlift, and pumping tests.
                        They were analysed by two separate laboratories (Alex Stewart and SGS) and included duplicate brine
                        samples submitted to both laboratories to confirm repeatability as part of the Quality Assurance/ Quality
                        Control (QA/QC) procedure. Alex Stewart laboratory was consistently lower than SGS and was chosen
                        as conservative values over SGS.

                        Based on already validated Alex Stewart laboratory samples, lithium and potassium concentrations were
                        incorporated into the block model based on 20m composites, generating an interpolation for the whole
                        brine domain (Figure 4). Ordinary Kriging was considered appropriate for a primary interpolation of brine
                        chemistry and confirmed using inverse distance interpolation. Validation of the interpolation was carried
                        out through comparison between input data and the block model output data, statistical parameters,
                        histograms, and quantile-quantile plots.




For personal use only

                                    Figure 4: Lithium grade(mg/L) interpolation in Block Model using Ordinary Kriging

                        Resource Classification

                        The MRE for the HMW Project were classified in accordance with the JORC Code (2012). This classification
                        also complies with AMEC Guidelines for Resource and Reserve Estimation for Brines (2017). Numerous
                        factors were taken into consideration by WSP when assigning the classification to the Mineral Resource
                        estimate.

                        Of these factors, the classification has been primarily influenced by the drillhole density, availability of
                        long-term pumping test data, geological complexity, and data quality as described below. WSP
                        considered the following:

                        Data quality
                        QA/QC for Galan’s data was acceptable for brine chemistry. Geochemical results from Alex Stewart
                        International Laboratory were preferred for the resource estimation. The brine occurrence and chemistry,
                        the relative consistency of the data and confidence in the drilling and sampling results was deemed
                        adequate.




                                                                                                                                 19
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Geological complexity
                        The general orientation of the major defined hydrogeological domains/ horizons appears to be consistent
                        and predictable. Thickness is variable for each hydrogeologic unit. The lower boundary of clastic units is
                        reasonably constrained from drilling and geophysics.

                        Data coverage
                        The data coverage reflects the 2019 to 2023 drilling and all geophysical surveys conducted to date (2018-
                        2023). The drillhole spacing varies between 10m to 2000m and all drillholes are vertical reaching a
                        maximum depth of 720 m below ground level.

                        Houston et al., (2011) indicated that drillhole spacing of between 7 km and 10 km should be sufficient for
                        Inferred Resource definition, and that drillhole spacing of 5 km should be sufficient for Indicated Resource
                        definition. For the actual Measured Resource definition, a maximum drillhole spacing of 2.5 km was
                        allowed from exploration and pumping wells for extrapolation and supported by surface geophysical
                        surveys.

                        Validation results
                        The model validation has resulted in a reasonable agreement between the input data and estimated
                        grades, HU geometry and porosity, indicating that the estimation procedures have performed as




For personal use only
                        intended.

                        Potential economic viability
                        The deposit is in a well-known lithium brine area with well-established existing infrastructure and nearby
                        ore processing plants available. Measured Resources corresponds to 4.7 million tonnes of contained
                        lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) with an interpolated Li grade average of 866 mg/L supporting the
                        high quality of the deposit, even without applying a cut-off grade.

                        For further details and relevant technical disclosures please refer to the ASX announcement dated 27
                        March 2024.

                        Ore Reserve Estimate

                        As announced on 3 October 2023, the HMW Project Phase 2 DFS reported an Ore Reserve estimate of
                        806.4 kt of recoverable LCE (Table 7). The Ore Reserve estimate was signed off by Rodrigo Riquelme
                        (GeoInnova), who is a Competent Person as described in the Competent Persons Statements.

                                   Table 7 - Ore Reserve Statement for HMW Project Phase 2 DFS (Effective Date September 2023)


                        Ore Reserve                              Production        Pumped Brine                          Avg. Li grade
                                          Well Field                                                   Li Metal (kt)                           LCE (kt)
                        Category                                Period (Years)      Vol. (Mm3)                             (mg/L)

                                          West                        1-7               34.9               30.8               884.0              101.2
                        Proven
                                          Santa Barbara                -                  -                  -                  -                  -
                                                                      1-7                1.8                1.5               840.2               5.1
                                          West
                        Probable                                     8-40               192.1              168.5              877.1              552.9
                                          Santa Barbara              1-40               55.5               44.9               807.9              147.2
                        Total Proven                                  1-7               34.9               30.8               884.0              101.2
                        Total Probable                               1-40               249.5              214.9              861.5              705.2
                        Total Proven and Probable                    1-40               284.3              245.7              864.2              806.4

                        Notes:
                            1.   Ore Reserves are inclusive of the declared Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources.
                            2.   No cut-off grade is applied for the HMW Ore Reserve.
                            3.   A combined process recovery factor of 61.65% was applied. Extracted Li metal in the table does not consider this factor.
                            4.   “Li Metal” and “LCE” are expressed as total contained metals.
                            5.   Lithium carbonate equivalent (LCE) is calculated using mass of LCE = 5.3228 multiplied by the mass of lithium metal.
                            6.   Ore Reserves do not consider any Mineral Resources at Candelas North.
                            7.   There may be minor discrepancies in the above table due to rounding.


                        For further details and relevant technical details please refer to the ASX announcement dated 3 October
                        2023.




                                                                                                                                                            20
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Catalina

                        On 28 July 2023, the Company announced that it had executed the necessary agreements to register its
                        full ownership of the Catalina tenure (as issued by the Catamarca and Salta authorities). There is a long-
                        standing political border dispute (over 100 years) between Salta and Catamarca, that includes the
                        northern part of the Salar del Hombre Muerto, which does not have a foreseeable resolution. Over time,
                        both respective provincial mining authorities have claimed the right on the disputed area and have been
                        issuing mining rights that overlap over the same area. For clarity, Galan’s Catalina tenure covers Catalina,
                        Rana de Sal II, Rana de Sal III, Pucara del Salar and Deceo I.

                        The Catalina tenure has never been included in the HMW Resource estimate but will now be classified
                        under the HMW Project and a more focused and detailed work campaign will ramp up in the area.

                        Catalina is located in a disputed area between Salta and Catamarca without final definition, therefore
                        the ownership of the area will be disputed by Salta up until the Federal Congress takes a final decision. It
                        was not expected that such a resolution would eventuate in the foreseeable near future.

                        An agreement with the Salta private owner was reached whereby the Company issued 9,756,098 fully
                        paid ordinary shares (on 28 July 2023) for 100% ownership of the Catalina project, both in Salta and




For personal use only
                        Catamarca. The uncertainty around the private ownership and potential mine development of the
                        tenure was resolved through this important acquisition.

                        CORPORATE

                        Personnel

                        As announced on 24 June 2024, effective 10 July 2024, Mr Ross Dinsdale joined the Company as Chief
                        Financial Officer, replacing Mr Graeme Fox.

                        Equity

                        Capital Raisings

                        On 31 January 2024, Galan announced an $18 million placement of fully paid ordinary shares and free
                        attaching listed options (exercisable at $0.65 with a 5-year exercise period) on a one (1) for one (1) basis
                        to institutional, sophisticated and professional investors ($0.46 Placement) and a share purchase plan offer
                        of $1.5 million to existing Shareholders. Along with the institutional equity raising, a $1.5 million placement
                        to directors (pending Shareholder approval), under the same terms and conditions as the $0.46
                        Placement, was also announced.

                        The issue price of A$0.46 per Share represented a 14.8% discount to the last closing price of A$0.54 on 25
                        January 2024 and a 23.5% discount to the 15-day VWAP of A$0.60 as at the same date.

                        Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited and Jett Capital Advisors LLC acted as Joint Lead Managers and
                        Bookrunners to the $0.46 Placement.

                        On 20 May 2024, the Company announced a $13 million equity raising comprising the issue of 56,521,740
                        fully paid ordinary shares and free attaching unlisted options (exercisable at $0.35 with a 2-year exercise
                        period) on a one (1) for two (2) basis to institutional, sophisticated and professional investors ($0.23
                        Placement). Along with the institutional equity raising, a $1 Million placement to directors (pending
                        Shareholder approval), under the same terms and conditions as the $0.23 Placement, was also
                        announced.

                        The issue price of A$0.23 per Share represented a 20.7% discount to the last closing price of A$0.29 on 15
                        May 2024 and a 23.8% discount to the 10-day VWAP of $0.3018 as at the same date.

                        Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited and Petra Capital Pty Limited acted as Joint Lead Managers and
                        Bookrunners to the $0.23 Placement.

                        Both equity raisings were to provide working capital headroom and financial flexibility for the ongoing
                        development of the Hombre Muerto West (HMW) Phase 1 construction whilst Galan finalises negotiations
                        of alternative funding solutions including debt and prepayment facilities that will enable completion of
                        HMW Phase 1. Proceeds were to be applied to:


                                                                                                                                    21
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                            •   HMW phase 1 developments costs; and
                            •   Corporate overheads, working capital and transaction costs

                        Acuity ATM

                        On 12 April 2024, Galan announced that it had entered into an At-The-Market Subscription Deed (ATM)
                        with Acuity Capital. The ATM would provide the Company with up to $15 million of standby equity capital
                        until 31 January 2029.

                        Importantly, Galan has full discretion as to whether or not to utilise the ATM, the maximum number of
                        shares to be issued, the minimum issue price of shares and the timing of each subscription (if any). There
                        are no requirements on Galan to utilise the ATM and Galan may terminate the ATM at any time, without
                        cost or penalty. Acuity Capital and the ATM do not place any restrictions at any time on Galan raising
                        capital through other methods.

                        If Galan does decide to utilise the ATM, Galan is able to set an issue price floor at its sole discretion, with
                        the final issue price being calculated as the greater of the nominated floor price and up to a 10% discount
                        to a Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) over a period of Galan's choosing (again at its sole
                        discretion).




For personal use only
                        As security for the ATM, the Company issued 15,000,000 fully paid ordinary GLN shares from its LR7.1
                        capacity at nil cash consideration to Acuity Capital. Upon early termination or maturity of the ATM, the
                        Company may buy back (and cancel) the shares placed as security for no cash consideration (subject
                        to shareholder approval).

                        Shares issued during the financial year

                            •   9,756,098 ordinary shares were issued to Everlight Resources Pty Ltd for 100% ownership of the
                                Catalina tenement in the Salta province (on 28 July 2023)
                            •   A total of 5,940,000 ordinary shares were issued upon the conversion of $0.21 options (on 22
                                August, 29 August and 12 October 2023);
                            •   60,777 ordinary shares were issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided (on 4 September
                                2023);
                            •   550,000 ordinary shares were issued as part of the consideration paid for the purchase of
                                tenements in James Bay Lithium province in Canada (on 4 October 2023);
                            •   250,000 ordinary shares were issued to a consultant under the terms of their contract (on 22
                                December 2023).
                            •   35,869,565 ordinary shares were issued under the $0.46 placement (on 06 February 2024);
                            •   8,702,150 ordinary shares were issued to Galan shareholders under a share purchase plan at $0.46
                                per share (on 02 April 2024);
                            •   15,000,000 ordinary shares were issued to Acuity Capital under an ATM (on 12 April 2024);
                            •   3,073,912 ordinary shares were issued to directors under the $0.46 Placement (on 22 May 2024),
                                (approved by shareholders on 22 April 2024); and
                            •   A total of 57,826,088 fully paid ordinary shares were issued under the $0.23 Placement (on 24 April,
                                28 April and 10 June 2024)

                        Listed options issued during the financial year

                        As part of the $0.46 Placement and share purchase plan mentioned above, a total of 44,571,715 listed
                        GLNOB options were issued on 2 April 2024. After shareholder approval was obtained, directors were
                        issued a total of 3,073,912 listed GLNOB options were issued on 22 May 2024 (approved by shareholders
                        on 22 April 2024).

                        GLNOB options are exercisable at $0.65 on or before 20 March 2029.

                        Other

                        On 4 March 2024, the provider of shareholder registry services for the Company changed from Advanced
                        Share Registry to Automic Pty Ltd.

                        Financial

                        The loss after tax for the year was $9,505,462 (2023: $7,616,989).

                        Cash and cash equivalents as at year end were $4,334,457 (2023: $45,150,542).
                                                                                                                                    22
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Exploration expenditure, including acquisitions, for the year was $50,101,259 (2023: $35,566,035)
                        (excluding share valuations capitalised). All of this expenditure was on the Company’s various lithium
                        brine projects in the Hombre Muerto salar in Argentina and the Greenbushes South lithium project in
                        Australia. There was no exploration expenditure written off for the year (2023: $Nil).

                        Net administration expenses and employee benefits for the year totalled $3,749,260 (2023: $3,362,939).

                        7.     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN STATE OF AFFAIRS

                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the Group that occurred during the financial
                        year.

                        8.     AFTER BALANCE SHEET DATE EVENTS

                        Under the Acuity ATM, Galan issued the following equity after the end of the financial year:

                        15 July 2024 – 7,050,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $1,100,000;
                        2 August 2024 – 4,750,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $650,000;
                        15 August 2024 – 9,000,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $1,100,000; and




For personal use only
                        30 August 2024 – 4,800,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $600,000

                        On 18 July 2024, the Company issued 28,913,044 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July
                        2026) under the $0.23 Placement.

                        On 12 August 2024, the Company issued a total of 3,973,262 fully paid ordinary shares and 1,986,631
                        unlisted options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July 2026) to directors under the $0.23 Placement
                        (as approved by shareholders on 12 July 2024).

                        As announced on 27 August 2024, the Company entered into an offtake prepayment memorandum of
                        understanding with Chengdu Chemphys Chemical Industry Co., Ltd (Chemphys) in relation to the
                        Company’s Hombre Muerto West project in Argentina. Upon execution of definitive agreements, Galan
                        will supply and Chemphys will purchase a total of 23,000 tonnes LCE, as a lithium chloride product, over
                        the first five years of Phase 1 production from the HMW project. Chemphys will also provide Galan with a
                        US$40 million offtake prepayment facility to facilitate the continued development of Phase 1 of the HMW
                        project.

                        On 10 September 2024, The Company announced a $12 million placement to institutional, sophisticated
                        and professional investors ($0.105 Placement) and a 1 for 4 non-renounceable entitlement offer
                        (Entitlement Offer) up to A$ 13.3 million at the same price as the $0.105 Placement. Under the $0.105
                        Placement, Galan issued a total of 69,533,340 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company on 17 September
                        2024. The shares were issued under the Company’s existing placement capacity under ASX Listing Rules
                        7.1 and 7.1A.

                        On 20 September 2024, the Company issued a total of 19,863,770 shares to two HMW project service
                        providers as consideration for earthmoving and construction services provided.

                        Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
                        report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
                        significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
                        affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

                        9.     FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS, PROSPECTS AND BUSINESS STRATEGIES

                        The Directors continue the Group’s strategy for the advancement of Shareholders’ interests and asset
                        values through well-defined work programmes on the Group’s tenements and to implement a growth
                        strategy to seek out further exploration, acquisition and joint venture opportunities.

                        Further information about likely developments in the operations of the Group and expected results of
                        those operations in future financial years has not been included in this report because disclosure of the
                        information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.




                                                                                                                                 23
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        10.       ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES

                        The Group aims to comply with or exceed its environmental performance obligations. The Board believes
                        that the Group has adequate systems in place for the management of its environmental requirements.
                        The Group strives to ensure the appropriate standard of environmental care is achieved, and in doing so,
                        that it is aware of and is in compliance with all environmental legislation. The Directors are not aware of
                        any breach of environmental legislation for the financial year under review.

                        11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited)

                        The remuneration report is set out under the following main headings:

                        A         Remuneration Philosophy
                        B         Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements
                        C         Remuneration and Performance
                        D         Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting
                        E         Details of Remuneration
                        F         Related Party Information
                        G         Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)




For personal use only
                        The information provided in this remuneration report has been audited as required by section 308(3C) of
                        the Corporations Act 2001. The remuneration arrangements detailed in this report are for the key
                        management personnel comprising the Non-Executive Chairman, Managing Director and Non-Executive
                        Directors.

                        A         Remuneration Philosophy

                        Key management personnel have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                        activities of the Company. The performance of the Company depends upon the quality of its key
                        management personnel. To prosper the Company must attract, motivate and retain appropriately skilled
                        directors and executives.

                        The Company’s broad remuneration policy is to ensure the remuneration package properly reflects the
                        person’s duties and responsibilities and that remuneration is competitive in attracting, retaining and
                        motivating people of the highest quality.

                        B         Remuneration Structure & Contractual Arrangements

                        The Company has in place letters of engagement for all Non-Executive Directors. The Directors hold office
                        until the next annual general meeting at which point one third of the directors retire by rotation and will
                        be eligible for election as a Director at that meeting in accordance with the Company’s Constitution.

                        The Directors’ appointments will automatically cease in the event that they give notice to the Board of
                        their resignation as a Director or if they retire by rotation and are not re-elected as a Director by the
                        Shareholders of the Company. More-over their appointment will be terminated immediately if, for any
                        reason, they are disqualified or prohibited by law from being or acting as a Director or from being involved
                        in the management of a Company.

                        The following annual remuneration rates apply to Galan Board members:

                              •   Non-Executive Chairman - Mr Richard Homsany ($96,000 pa plus statutory superannuation)
                              •   Managing Director – Mr Vargas de la Vega ($400,000 pa plus statutory superannuation)
                              •   Non-Executive Director - Mr Terry Gardiner – ($72,000 pa plus statutory superannuation)
                              •   Non-Executive Director - Mr Daniel Jimenez – (US$144,000 pa)
                              •   Non-Executive Director – Ms Claudia Pohl – ($55,000 pa plus statutory superannuation)

                        Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is based on fees approved by the Board of Directors (from within
                        the remuneration pool approved by Shareholders from time to time at a general meeting) and is set at
                        levels to reflect market conditions and encourage the continued services of the Directors. The current
                        shareholder approved remuneration pool is $750,000 per annum (approved by shareholders on 18
                        November 2022).




                                                                                                                                 24
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        11.     REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

                        The Company does not offer any variable remuneration incentive plans or bonus schemes to Non-
                        Executive Directors.

                        The Company is an exploration and development entity and therefore speculative in terms of
                        performance. Consistent with attracting and retaining talented executives, directors and senior
                        management personnel are paid market rates associated with individuals in similar positions within the
                        same industry.

                        C       Remuneration and Performance
                        During the reporting period, Director remuneration was not linked to either long term or short-term
                        performance conditions. The Board feels that the terms and conditions of options, performance rights
                        and shares held by Directors are a sufficient, long-term incentive to align the goals of the Directors with
                        those of the shareholders to maximise shareholder wealth.

                        D       Voting and Comments at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting




For personal use only
                        The adoption of the Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2023 was put to the
                        shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting held on 16 November 2023. The Company
                        received 92.3% FOR vote (from valid proxies), of those shareholders who exercised their right to vote, in
                        favour of the remuneration report for the 2023 financial year. The resolution was passed without
                        amendment via a poll, with a 92.5% FOR vote. The Company did not receive any specific feedback at
                        the AGM or throughout the year on its remuneration practices.

                        E       Details of Remuneration

                        The key management personnel of the Company are the Managing Director, Non-Executive Chairman
                        and Non-Executive Directors. Details of the remuneration of the key management personnel of the
                        Company are set out below:




                                                                                                                                25
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                          Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        11.       REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

                                              Short-term Benefits                 Post-   Other      Equity Based          Total       Performance
                                                                                Employ- Long-term       Payment                          Related
                                                                                  ment   Benefits
                                                                                Benefits
                                    Salary     Cash     Non-cash     Other       Super-   Other   Equity    Options/
                                               profit    benefit               annuation                   Rights (vi)
                                               Share
                                       $         $          $             $        $         $        $         $            $             %
                        Mr Richard Homsany – Non-Executive Chairman (i)
                          2024       96,000      -          -             -     10,560       -        -      809,928       916,488       88.37%
                          2023       96,000      -          -             -      5,388       -        -      648,820       750,208        86.5%
                        Mr Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega – Managing Director
                          2024      400,000      -          -        107,692    55,846       -        -      1,619,856   2,183,394       74.19%
                          2023      430,000      -          -             -     45,150       -        -      1,297,640   1,772,790        73.2%
                        Mr Terry Gardiner – Non-Executive Director
                          2024       72,000      -          -             -      7,920       -        -      809,928       889,848       91.02%




For personal use only
                          2023       72,000      -          -             -      7,560       -        -      648,820       728,380        89.1%
                        Mr Chris Chalwell – Non-Executive Director (ii)
                          2024         -         -          -             -        -         -        -      611,189       611,189        100%
                          2023       33,000      -          -             -      3,465       -        -      450,625       487,090        92.5%
                        Mr Raymond Liu – Non-Executive Director (iii)
                         2024       -         -          -            -            -         -        -          -                 -       0%
                          2023       25,194      -          -             -        -         -        -          -          25,194         0%
                        Mr Daniel Jimenez – Non-Executive Director (iv)
                          2024      220,355      -          -             -        -         -        -      603,703       824,058       73.26%
                         2023     213,188      -          -          -             -         -        -      522,606       735,794        71.0%
                        Ms Claudia Pohl – Non-Executive Director (v)
                          2024       55,000      -          -             -        -         -        -          -          55,000         0%
                          2023    14,341         -          -             -        -         -        -          -          14,341         0%
                        Total Remuneration

                          2024      843,355      -          -        107,692    74,326       -        -      4,454,604   5,479,977       81.29%
                          2023      883,723      -          -             -     61,563       -        -      3,568,511   4,513,797        79.1%

                          (i)         Mr Homsany was paid a salary a total salary of $96,000 plus statutory superannuation ($10,560).
                          (ii)        Mr Chalwell resigned as a director on 31 May 2023 and retained his awarded performance rights.
                          (iii)       Mr Liu resigned as a director on 18 November 2022 and subsequently forfeited his performance rights.
                          (iv)        Mr Jiminez was directly paid director fees of $220,355 ($US144,000) (2023 - $213,188 ($US144,000)).
                          (v)         Ms Pohl was appointed on 28 March 2023 and was directly paid director fees of $55,000 (2023 - $14,341).
                          (vi)        The total value of Director Performance Rights on issue is $22,565,125. This amount is being expensed and
                                      amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $4,454,604 during this
                                      period. Refer to note 16 for the performance rights valuation method.

                          F          Related Party Information

                          The Company received $63,228 (2023: $57,480) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
                          Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
                          Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                          The Company paid a total of $Nil (2023: $69,883) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
                          Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
                          Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                          Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid or owed a total of $163,603 (2023: $ 201,339) in legal and advisory
                          fees for the 2023 financial year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related
                          Party, as the Galan Non-Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate
                          Pty Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                 26
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        11.        REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

                        Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $231,000 (2023: $82,500) in capital raising fees for the 2024 financial
                        year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
                        Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

                        G         Interests of Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                        Share holdings

                        30 June 2024
                                                            Balance                        Options                                Balance
                        Name                             1 July 2023     Purchased       Exercised          Sold/Other       30 June 2024
                        Richard Homsany                      959,067         65,217       1,000,000                  -           2,024,284
                        JP Vargas de la Vega             17, 346,932      3,103,809         500,000          (500,000)          20,450,741
                        Terry Gardiner                    6, 580,487      1,365,217         500,000          (500,000)           7,945,704
                        Claudia Pohl (i)                           -              -               -                  -                   -
                        Daniel Jimenez                    2,447,713               -       1,000,000                  -           3,447,713
                        Chris Chalwell (ii)                        -              -               -                  -                   -




For personal use only
                        Jinyu (Raymond) Liu (iii)                  -              -               -                  -                   -
                        Total                             27,334,199      4,534,243       3,000,000        (1,000,000)         33,868,442
                        30 June 2023
                                                            Balance                         Options                                Balance
                        Name                             1 July 2022     Purchased        Exercised         Sold/Other        30 June 2023
                        Richard Homsany                      959,067               -                 -                   -         959,067
                        JP Vargas de la Vega             17, 346,932               -                 -                   -     17, 346,932
                        Terry Gardiner                    6, 580,487               -                 -                   -      6, 580,487
                        Claudia Pohl (i)                           -               -                 -                   -                  -
                        Daniel Jimenez                     2,342,713        105,000                  -                   -       2,447,713
                        Chris Chalwell (ii)                3,050,001               -                 -      (3,050,001)                     -
                        Jinyu (Raymond) Liu (iii)        18, 135,860               -                 -    (18, 135,860)                     -
                        Total                             48,415,060        105,000               -        (21,185,861)         27,334,199


                        Option holdings

                        30 June 2024

                                                            Balance    Issued/Other                                               Balance
                        Name                             1 July 2023            (iv)     Exercised       Lapsed/Other        30 June 2024
                        Richard Homsany                    1,000,000         65,217     (1,000,000)                   -             65,217
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                 500,000      2,239,129       (500,000)                   -          2,239,129
                        Terry Gardiner                       500,000      1,215,217       (500,000)                   -          1,215,217
                        Claudia Pohl                               -               -              -                   -                     -
                        Daniel Jimenez                     1,000,000               -    (1,000,000)                   -                     -
                        Chris Chalwell (ii)                        -               -              -                   -                     -
                        Jinyu (Raymond) Liu (iii)                  -               -              -                   -                     -
                        Total                              3,000,000      3,519,563     (3,000,000)                  -           3,519,563
                        30 June 2023
                                                            Balance                                                               Balance
                        Name                             1 July 2022   Issued/Other      Exercised       Lapsed/Other        30 June 2023
                        Richard Homsany                    1,000,000              -              -                   -          1,000,000
                        JP Vargas de la Vega                500,000               -              -                   -            500,000
                        Terry Gardiner                      500,000               -              -                   -            500,000
                        Claudia Pohl                               -              -              -                   -                  -
                        Daniel Jimenez                     1,000,000              -              -                   -          1,000,000
                        Chris Chalwell (ii)                        -              -              -                   -                  -
                        Jinyu (Raymond) Liu                1,000,000              -              -         (1,000,000)                  -
                        Total                              4,000,000              -              -         (1,000,000)          3,000,000




                                                                                                                                       27
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        11.            REMUNERATION REPORT (Audited) (Cont’d)

                              (i)         Ms Pohl was appointed on 28 March 2023
                              (ii)        Mr Chalwell resigned 31 May 2023
                              (iii)       Mr Liu resigned 18 November 2022
                              (iv)        Listed options (GLNOB – exercise price $0.65 expiry date 20 March 2029)

                        Director Performance Rights

                        At 30 June 2024, the Directors held the following performance rights (as approved by shareholders on 28
                        January 2022 and 18 November 2022):

                         Richard Homsany                                 3,000,000
                         JP Vargas de la Vega                            6,000,000
                         Terry Gardiner                                  3,000,000
                         Daniel Jimenez                                  3,000,000
                         Total                                       15,000,000 (*)




For personal use only
                        The Director Performance Rights have various share price vesting conditions.

                        (*) As agreed by the Board, Mr Chalwell was entitled to keep his 1,500,000 Performance Rights upon his
                        resignation as a director on 31 May 2023.

                        Performance Shares

                        As announced on 12 October 2023, 5 million Performance Shares previously issued to the Managing
                        Director lapsed.

                        End of Remuneration Report

                        12.           OPTIONS AND PERFORMANCE RIGHTS

                        Options on Issue

                        At the date of this report, the Company had the following options on issue:

                                       Expiry Date               Exercise Price           Unlisted Options

                               24 December 2024                       $1.30                   500,000
                                  18 July 2026                        $0.35                  30,899,675

                                       Expiry Date               Exercise Price            Listed Options

                                      20 March 2029                   $0.65                  47,645,627

                        Performance Rights on Issue

                        At the date of this report, the Company had a total of 18,350,000 performance rights on issue:

                         Type                                       Price Vesting Hurdles                                  Number
                         Director Performance Rights                Price vesting hurdles at $2.25, $2.50, $3.00, $3.25   8,250,000
                                                                    and $3.50
                         Performance Rights                         Price vesting hurdles at $2.25, $2.50, $3.00, $3.25   1,850,000
                                                                    and $3.50
                         Director Performance Rights                Price vesting hurdles at $1.75, $2.00, $2.25, $2.50   8,250,000
                                                                    and $2.75

                        During the financial year, a total of 500,000 Performance Rights, issued to management personnel, were
                        forfeited under the terms and conditions of their issue.

                        Performance Shares

                        5 million Performance Shares issued to the Managing Director lapsed on 12 October 2023.

                                                                                                                                  28
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        13.     PROCEEDINGS ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY

                        No person has applied to the Court under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 for leave to bring
                        proceedings on behalf of the Company, or to intervene in any proceedings to which the Company is a
                        party, for the purposes of taking responsibility on behalf of the Company for all or part of those
                        proceedings.

                        14.     INDEMNIFYING OFFICERS & AUDITORS

                        In accordance with the constitution, except as may be prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 every
                        Officer, or agent of the Company shall be indemnified out of the property of the Company against any
                        liability incurred by him in his capacity as Officer or agent of the Company or any related corporation in
                        respect of any act or omission whatsoever and howsoever occurring or in defending any proceedings,
                        whether civil or criminal. No indemnification has been paid with respect to the Company’s auditor. The
                        Company has insurance policies in place for Directors and Officers insurance.

                        15.     NON-AUDIT SERVICES

                        The auditors have not provided any non-audit services to the Company in the financial year ended 30




For personal use only
                        June 2024.

                        16.     AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION

                        The auditor’s independence declaration under Section 307C in relation to auditor’s independence for
                        the Year ended 30 June 2024 has been received and can be found on page 32.

                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors.




                        J P Vargas de la Vega
                        Managing Director
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        Date: 27 September 2024




                                                                                                                              29
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Competent Persons Statements

                        Competent Persons Statement 1
                        The information contained herein that relates to exploration results and geology is based on information
                        compiled or reviewed by Dr Luke Milan, who has consulted to the Company. Dr Milan is a Member of the
                        Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of
                        mineralisation and types of deposit under consideration and to the activity which they are undertaking to
                        qualify as a Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of
                        Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Dr Milan consents to the inclusion of his name in the
                        matters based on the information in the form and context in which it appears.

                        Competent Persons Statement 2
                        The information contained herein that relates to Project background, brine extraction method, recovery
                        method and Project layout, have been directed by Mr. Marcelo Bravo. Mr. Bravo is Chemical Engineer and
                        managing partner of Ad-Infinitum SpA. with over 25 years of working experience, he is a Member of the Chilean
                        Mining Commission and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the activity which they are undertaking
                        to qualify as a Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of
                        Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr. Bravo consents to the inclusion of his name in the
                        matters based on the information in the form and context in which it appears.




For personal use only
                        Competent Persons Statement 3
                        The information contained herein that relates to the latest Mineral Resource estimation approach at Hombre
                        Muerto West was compiled by Mr. Carlos Eduardo Descourvieres. Mr. Descourvieres is an employee of WSP Chile
                        and a Member of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. He has sufficient experience relevant to the
                        assessment of this style of mineralisation to qualify as a Competent Person as defined by the ’Australasian Code
                        for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)’. Mr.
                        Descourvieres consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and
                        context in which it appears.

                        Competent Persons Statement 4
                        The information in this report that relates to the Ore Reserves estimation approach at Hombre Muerto West was
                        compiled by Mr Rodrigo Riquelme. Mr Riquelme is a Principal Consultant of GeoInnova and is assisting WSP
                        Consulting (Chile). He has experience relevant to the assessment of this style of mineralisation to qualify as a
                        Competent Person as defined by the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
                        and Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)”. Mr Riquelme consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters
                        based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

                        Competent Persons Statement 5
                        The information in this report that relates to the Project infrastructure, Capex, Opex and economic evaluation
                        was reviewed by Ernest Burga, General Manager of Andeburg Consulting Services Inc. He has sufficient
                        experience relevant to the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as a Competent Persons as defined
                        by the “Australasian Code for Reporting for Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves – The JORC
                        Code (2012)”. Mr Burga consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the
                        form and context in which it appears.

                        The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information
                        included in the original market announcements, and that all material assumptions and technical parameters
                        have not materially changed. The Company also confirms that the form and context in which the Competent
                        Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.

                        Conversion Factors
                        Lithium grades are normally presented in mass percentages or milligrams per litre (or parts per million (ppm)).
                        Grades of deposits are also expressed as lithium compounds in percentages, for example as a percentage of
                        lithium oxide (Li2O) content or percentage of lithium carbonate (Li2CO3) content. Lithium carbonate equivalent
                        (LCE) is the industry standard terminology and is equivalent to Li2CO3. Use of LCE provides data comparable
                        with industry reports and is the total equivalent amount of lithium carbonate, assuming the lithium content in
                        the deposit is converted to lithium carbonate, using the conversion rates in the table included below to get an
                        equivalent Li2CO3 value in per cent. Use of LCE assumes 100% recovery and no process losses in the extraction
                        of Li2CO3.

                        Convert from                                         Convert to Li       Convert to Li2O    Convert to Li2CO3
                        Lithium                            Li                    1.000                2.153               5.323
                        Lithium Oxide                      Li2O                  0.464                1.000               2.473
                        Lithium Carbonate                  Li2CO3                0.188                0.404               1.000
                        Lithium Chloride                   LiCl                  0.871


                                                                                                                                     30
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Forward Looking Statements

                        This Annual Report contains forecasts and forward-looking statements which are no guarantee of future
                        performance and which involve certain risks. Actual results and future outcomes will in all likelihood differ from
                        those outlined herein. The report should not be construed as an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase
                        securities in the Company. Nor is it an inducement to make offer or an invitation with respect to said securities.

                        Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s)”, “feel(s)”,
                        “believe(s)”, “will”, “may”, “anticipate(s)” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
                        statements. These statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding future production, resources
                        or reserves and exploration results. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of
                        which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Company, that could cause actual results
                        to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and
                        statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) those relating to the interpretation of
                        drill results, the geology, grade and continuity of deposits and conclusions of economic evaluations, (ii) risks
                        relating to possible variations in reserves nor recovery rates and changes in project parameters as plans
                        continue to be refined, (iii) the potential for delays in exploration or development activities or the completion
                        of feasibility studies, (iv) risks related to commodity price and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, (v) risks related
                        to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or delays in obtaining
                        governmental approvals or in the completion of development or construction activities, and (vi) other risks and




For personal use only
                        uncertainties related to the Company’s prospects, properties and business strategy. Our audience is cautioned
                        not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof, and
                        we do not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate forward-looking statements to reflect events or
                        circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non-occurrence of any events.




                                                                                                                                            31
                        To the Board of Directors


                        AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE
                        CORPORATIONS ACT 2001

                        As lead audit director for the audit of the financial statements Galan Lithium Limited for the financial year
                        ended 30 June 2024, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been no contraventions




For personal use only
                        of:

                            •   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and

                            •   any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.



                        Yours Faithfully




                        HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                      MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                            Director



                        Dated this 27th day of September 2024
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
                        INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024


                                                                                                        30 June       30 June
                                                                                                           2024          2023
                                                                                           Note                $            $



                        Continuing Operations

                        Interest revenue                                                     3          581,348     1,003,152

                        Other Income                                                         3          317,550        61,102

                        Total                                                                           898,898     1,064,254



                        Administration expenses                                                      (2,361,264)   (2,207,169)

                        Compliance & regulatory expense                                               (515,919)     (281,528)




For personal use only
                        Employment expense                                                           (1,387,996)   (1,155,770)

                        Fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets                                   (1,134,046)    (254,703)

                        Depreciation                                                                  (255,173)     (172,905)

                        Share based payments                                                16       (4,749,962)   (4,609,168)

                        Loss before income tax expenses                                              (9,505,462)   (7,616,989)

                        Income tax expenses                                                  4                 -             -

                        Loss for the year from continuing operations                                 (9,505,462)   (7,616,989)

                        Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                          720,036        21,305

                        Other comprehensive income                                                      720,036        21,305

                        Total comprehensive income and net loss for the Year
                        attributable to the owners of the Company                                    (8,785,426)   (7,595,684)



                        Basic and diluted weighted average loss per share (cents            15            (2.52)        (2.47)
                        per share)




                                             The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                             33
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2024
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                                                                                                        30 June        30 June
                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                         Note                 $              $


                         Current Assets

                         Cash and cash equivalents                                         5          4,334,457     45,150,542

                         Trade and other receivables                                       6            191,924        533,610

                         Total Current Assets                                                         4,526,381     45,684,152



                         Non-Current Assets

                         Term deposit – Bank Guarantee                                                  224,077        224,077

                         Financial Assets                                                  7          1,640,505      2,378,588




For personal use only
                          Right of Use – Office Lease                                     11            689,719        844,272

                          Plant & Equipment                                                8         35,578,143      7,773,180

                         Exploration and evaluation                                        9        131,601,536     71,137,277

                         Total Non-Current Assets                                                   169,733,980     82,357,394



                         Total Assets                                                               174,260,361    128,041,546



                         Current Liabilities

                         Trade and other payables                                         10         10,255,517      6,933,598

                         Lease Liability                                                  11            158,809        143,712

                         Provisions                                                                     131,676        161,757

                         Total Current Liabilities                                                   10,546,002      7,239,067



                         Non-Current Liabilities

                         Lease Liability                                                  11            446,908        605,715

                         Environment Provision                                            26          3,425,088      3,748,355

                         Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                3,871,996      4,354,070

                         Total Liabilities                                                           14,417,998     11,593,137


                                                                                                     159,842,363   116,448,409
                         Net Assets

                         Equity

                         Issued capital                                                   12         176,749,287   128,831,780

                         Reserves                                                         13          12,061,143     7,079,234

                         Accumulated losses                                               14        (28,968,067)   (19,462,605)



                         Total Equity                                                                159,842,363   116,448,409


                                               The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                            34
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                          IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
                          Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024


                                                                            Issued                   Accumulated           Total
                                                                Note       Capital      Reserves          Losses          Equity
                                                                                 $             $               $               $

                        Balance at 30 June 2022                         96,254,698      2,451,290     (11,845,616)   86,860,372
                        Net loss for the year                                    -              -      (7,616,989)   (7,616,989)
                        Other comprehensive income for the
                        year net of tax                                           -        21,305                -        21,305
                        Total comprehensive loss for the year                     -        21,305      (7,616,989)   (7,595,684)
                        Transactions with owners recorded
                        directly in equity:
                        Issue of Equity                                 32,770,378               -               -     32,770,378
                        Equity to be issued                               (141,695)              -               -      (141,695)
                        Options exercised                                     6,500              -               -          6,500
                        Vendor shares                                     1,551,000              -               -      1,551,000
                        Share issue costs                               (1,611,628)              -               -    (1,611,628)




For personal use only
                        Performance shares                                        -       403,818                -        403,818
                        Performance rights valuation                              -     4,205,348                -      4,205,348
                        Fair value exercised options                          2,527        (2,527)               -              -
                        Balance at 30 June 2023                        128,831,780      7,079,234     (19,462,605)   116,448,409
                        Net loss for the year                                     -              -     (9,505,462)   (9,505,462)
                        Other comprehensive income for the
                        year net of tax                                           -       720,036          -            720,036)
                        Total comprehensive loss for the year                     -       720,036      (9,505,462)   (8,785,426)
                        Transactions with owners recorded
                        directly in equity:
                        Issue of Equity                                  37,602,149             -                -     37,602,150
                        Options exercised                                 1,247,400             -                -      1,247,400
                        Vendor shares                                    10,363,000             -                -     10,363,000
                        Consultant shares                                   181,600             -                -        181,600
                        Share issue costs                               (1,964,731)             -                -    (1,964,732)
                        Share Based Payments                                      -     4,749,962                -      4,749,962
                        Fair value exercised options                        488,089     (488,089)                -              -
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                        176,749,287     12,061,143     (28,968,067)   159,842,363




                                             The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                            35
                        CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2024
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024


                                                                                                 30 June        30 June
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                   Note                $              $

                            Cash flows from operating activities
                            Interest received                                                     767,028        817,472
                            Other income                                                           65,179         55,833
                            Cash paid to suppliers and employees                              (3,607,822)    (2,780,415)
                            Net cash used in operating activities                   17        (2,775,615)    (1,907,110)

                            Cash flows from investing activities
                            Payments for Property, Plant & Equipment                         (32,555,818)    (5,221,939)
                            Payments for exploration expenditure                             (42,046,892)   (24,532,246)
                            Purchase of exploration assets                                      (145,616)    (4,671,956)




For personal use only
                            Payment for investments                                             (448,248)    (2,081,849)
                            Payment for term deposit bond                                               -      (224,077)
                            Proceeds sale of Investments                                          287,286              -
                            Net cash from / (used in) investing activities                   (74,909,288)   (36,732,067)

                            Cash flows from financing activities
                            Proceeds from issue of equity instruments                         37,451,000      31,500,000
                            Proceeds from Option Conversion                                     1,247,400          6,500
                            Payment for share issue costs                                     (1,829,582)    (1,611,628)
                            Net cash from financing activities                                36,868,818     29,894,872

                            Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
                            equivalents                                                      (40,816,085)     8,744,305
                            Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the
                            year                                                              45,150,542     53,894,847

                            Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                5          4,334,457     45,150,542




                                          The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                           36
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        STATEMENT OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        These financial statements and notes represent those of Galan Lithium Limited (the Company or Galan)
                        and its controlled entities (the Group) for the financial year ending 30 June 2024.

                        Galan is a company limited by shares that is incorporated and domiciled in Australia. Its listed equity
                        securities are quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). The financial statements were
                        authorised for issue on 27 September 2024 by the Directors of the Company.

                        1.      SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION

                        (a)     Statement of Compliance

                        The financial statements are general purpose financial statements that have been prepared in
                        accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, Australian Accounting Interpretations, other
                        authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations
                        Act 2001.




For personal use only
                        Australian Accounting Standards set out accounting policies that the AASB has concluded would result in
                        financial statements containing relevant and reliable information about transactions, events and
                        conditions. Compliance with Australian Accounting Standards ensures that the financial statements and
                        notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB. Material
                        accounting policies adopted in the preparation of this financial report are presented below and have
                        been consistently applied unless otherwise stated.

                        (b)     Principles of Consolidation

                        The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of entities controlled by
                        the Company at the end of the reporting period. A controlled entity is any entity over which the Company
                        has the power to govern the financial and operating policies so as to obtain benefits from the entity’s
                        activities. Control will generally exist when the parent owns, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, more
                        than half of the voting power of an entity. In assessing the power to govern, the existence and effect of
                        holdings of actual and potential voting rights are also considered.

                        Where controlled entities have entered or left the Group during the year, the financial performance of
                        those entities are included only for the period of the year that they were controlled. A list of controlled
                        entities, as at 30 June 2024 is contained in Note 23 to the financial statements.

                        In preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-group balances and transactions between
                        entities in the Group have been eliminated on consolidation. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                        changed where necessary to ensure consistency with those adopted by the Company.

                        Non-controlling interests, being the equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent,
                        are shown separately within the Equity section of the consolidated Statement of Financial Position and
                        Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. The non-controlling interest in the net assets
                        comprises their interests at the date of the original business combination and their share of changes in
                        equity since that date.

                        (c)     Going Concern

                        The financial report has been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the continuity of
                        normal business activity and the realisation of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the ordinary course
                        of business.

                        The Group incurred a loss for the year of $9,505,462 (2023: $7,616,989) and net cash outflows used in
                        operating activities of $2,775,615 (2023: $1,907,110). As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a cash balance
                        of $4,334,457 (2023: $45,150,542).

                        The ability of the Group to continue as a going concern is principally dependent upon the ability of the
                        Company to secure funds by raising capital from equity markets and debt markets, managing cashflow
                        in line with the available funds. These conditions indicate a material uncertainty that may cast significant
                        doubt about the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern.

                                                                                                                                     37
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        On 27 August 2024, the Company entered into an offtake prepayment memorandum of understanding
                        with Chengdu Chemphys Chemical Industry Co., Ltd (Chemphys) in relation to the Company’s Hombre
                        Muerto West project in Argentina.

                        Upon execution of definitive agreements, Galan will supply and Chemphys will purchase a total of 23,000
                        tonnes LCE, as a lithium chloride product, over the first five years of Phase 1 production from the HMW
                        project. Chemphys will also provide Galan with a US$40 million offtake prepayment facility to facilitate
                        the continued development of Phase 1 of the HMW project.

                        On 10 September 2024, The Company announced a $12 million placement to institutional, sophisticated
                        and professional investors (at $0.105 per share) and a 1 for 4 non-renounceable entitlement offer for up
                        to A$ 13.3m at the same price as the placement.

                        The Directors are satisfied that the going concern basis of preparation of the annual report is appropriate
                        due to:

                              •   The Company has a history of successful capital raising to date and the Directors are confident
                                  of the Company’s ability to raise additional funds as and when they are required; and
                                  The Directors have prepared a cash flow forecast which indicates that the Group will have




For personal use only
                              •
                                  sufficient cash flows to meet all commitments and working capital requirements for a period of
                                  12 months from the date of this report.

                        Based on the above, the Directors consider the going concern basis of preparation to be appropriate for
                        this annual report.

                        Should the Group be unable to continue as a going concern it may be required to realise its assets and
                        extinguish its liabilities other than in the normal course of business and at amounts different to those stated
                        in the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
                        recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or to the amount and classification of liabilities
                        that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and meet its debts as
                        and when they fall due.

                        (d)       Basis of measurement

                        The financial statements have been prepared on an accrual basis and are based on the historical cost,
                        modified where applicable, by the measurement at fair value of selected non-current assets, financial
                        assets and financial liabilities.

                        (e)       Functional and presentation currency

                        These financial statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the Group’s presentation currency.

                        Determination of functional currency of Argentinian subsidiaries

                        Based on the primary indicators under IAS 21 – The Effects of Change in Foreign Exchange Rates – Effective
                        1 July 2021 the Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency of Galan Exploraciones
                        S.A. (‘GESA’) and Galan Litio S.A. (‘GLSA’), the two Argentinian based subsidiaries of Galan Lithium
                        Limited.

                        The Company has recently headed into the next development phase for its Argentinian projects including
                        a Definitive Feasibility Study for its HMW Project. The material contracts associated with the DFS will be in
                        USD including drilling, camp rental and purchase, some pilot plant construction costs, engineering,
                        resource and reserves and project modelling.

                        All tenement and project acquisitions in Argentina have been and continue to be in USD.

                        Galan has loan agreements in place with GESA and GLSA that are USD denominated. All transfers to
                        Argentina are done in USD. GESA also has a loan agreement in place with GLSA (incorporated Galan
                        Argentinian subsidiary) that is USD denominated. All cash call transfers to Argentina are executed in USD.




                                                                                                                                    38
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        (f)      Income tax

                        The income tax expense (revenue) for the year comprises current income tax expense (income) and
                        deferred tax expense (income).

                        Current income tax expense charged to the profit or loss is the tax payable on taxable income. Current tax
                        liabilities (assets) are therefore measured at the amounts expected to be paid to (recovered from) the
                        relevant taxation authority.

                        Deferred income tax expense reflects movements in deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability balances
                        during the year as well unused tax losses.

                        Current and deferred income tax expense (income) is charged or credited outside profit or loss when the
                        tax relates to items that are recognised outside profit or loss.

                        Except for business combinations, no deferred income tax is recognised from the initial recognition of an
                        asset or liability where there is no effect on accounting or taxable profit and loss.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the Year




For personal use only
                        when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, and their measurement also reflects the manner in which
                        management expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of the related asset or liability.
                        Deferred tax assets relating to temporary differences and unused tax losses are recognised only to the
                        extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the benefits of the
                        deferred tax asset can be utilised.

                        Where temporary differences exist in relation to investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates, and joint
                        ventures, deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised where the timing of the reversal of the
                        temporary difference can be controlled and it is not probable that the reversal will occur in the foreseeable
                        future.

                        Current tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists and it is intended
                        that net settlement or simultaneous realisation and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur.
                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where a legally enforceable right of set-off exists, the deferred
                        tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
                        taxable entity or different taxable entities where it is intended that net settlement or simultaneous realisation
                        and settlement of the respective asset and liability will occur in future Years in which significant amounts of
                        deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled.

                        (g)     Goods and Services Tax (GST)

                        Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST, except where the GST incurred
                        is not recoverable from the relevant tax authority.

                        Receivables and payables are stated with amounts of GST receivable or payable. The net amount of GST
                        recoverable from, or payable to, the relevant tax authority is included with other receivables or payables
                        in the statement of financial position.

                        Cash flows are presented in the statement of cashflows on a gross basis, except for the GST component of
                        investing and financing activities, which are disclosed as operating cash flows.

                        (h)     Financial Instruments

                        Financial Assets

                        Initial Recognition and Measurement

                        Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
                        through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.

                        The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
                        flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
                        receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied
                        the practical expedient, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of
                        a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs.

                                                                                                                                       39
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through OCI, it
                        needs to give rise to cash flows that are ‘solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI)’ on the principal
                        amount outstanding. This assessment is referred to as the SPPI test and is performed at an instrument level.

                        The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
                        order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
                        contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

                        Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within a time frame established by
                        regulation or convention in the market place (regular way trades) are recognised on the trade date, i.e.
                        the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets
                        designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily
                        required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are
                        acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term.




For personal use only
                        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
                        value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

                        This category includes listed equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify
                        at fair value through OCI. Dividends on listed equity investments are also recognised as other income in
                        the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.

                        Derecognition

                        A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
                        assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
                        position) when:

                           •   The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
                           •   The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                               obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                               ‘pass-through’ arrangement; and

                               either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the
                               Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has
                               transferred control of the asset.

                        The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
                        However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
                        or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive outstanding contractual amounts in
                        full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written
                        off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows

                        Financial Liabilities

                        Initial Recognition and Measurement

                        Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                        loss, loans and borrowings, payables as appropriate.

                        All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
                        payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

                        The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payable and convertible notes.

                        Subsequent measurement

                        The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:



                                                                                                                                           40
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        (i)     Impairment of Assets

                        At the end of each reporting year, the Company assesses whether there is any indication that an asset
                        may be impaired. The assessment will include the consideration of external and internal sources of
                        information. If such an indication exists, an impairment test is carried out on the asset by comparing the
                        recoverable amount of the asset, being the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use,
                        to the asset’s carrying value. Any excess of the asset’s carrying value over its recoverable amount is
                        expensed to the statement of comprehensive income.

                        Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates
                        the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

                        (j)     Provisions

                        Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
                        a past event, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
                        estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

                        The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present




For personal use only
                        obligation at the end of the reporting Year.

                        (k)     Cash and cash equivalents

                        Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
                        liquid investments, and bank overdrafts.

                        (l)     Revenue and other Income

                        Interest Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method.

                        (m)     Trade and other payables

                        Trade and other payables are carried at amortised costs and represent liabilities for goods and services
                        provided to the Company prior to the end of the reporting date and are unpaid and arise when the
                        Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and
                        services.

                        (n)     Equity settled compensation

                        The Company operates equity-settled share-based payment employee share and option schemes. The
                        fair value of the equity to which employees become entitled is measured at grant date and recognised as
                        an expense over the vesting Year, with a corresponding increase to the option reserve.

                        Share-based payments to non-employees are measured at the fair value of goods or services received or
                        the fair value of the instruments issued, if it is determined the fair value of the goods or services cannot be
                        reliably measured and are recorded at the date the goods or services are received. The corresponding
                        amount is recorded to the option reserve

                        The fair value of shares is ascertained as the market bid price. The fair value of options is ascertained using
                        a Black–Scholes pricing model which incorporates all market vesting conditions. The number of shares and
                        options expected to vest is reviewed and adjusted at the end of each reporting date such that the amount
                        recognised for services received as consideration for the equity instruments granted shall be based on the
                        number of equity instruments that eventually vest.

                        (o)     Exploration, Evaluation and Development Expenditure

                        Exploration, evaluation and development expenditure incurred is accumulated in respect of each
                        identifiable area of interest. These costs are only carried forward to the extent that they are expected to
                        be recouped through the successful development of the area or where activities in the area have not yet
                        reached a stage that permits reasonable assessment of the existence of economically recoverable
                        reserves.

                        Accumulated costs in relation to an area of interest that is abandoned are written off in full against profit
                        in the year in which the decision to abandon the areas is made.

                                                                                                                                    41
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are amortised over
                        the life of the area according to the rate of depletion of the economically recoverable reserves.

                        A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to
                        carry forward costs in relation to that area of interest.

                        (p)   Plant and Equipment

                        Plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.

                        (q)   Depreciation

                        Depreciation is provided for on plant and equipment.

                        Depreciation in Australia is calculated on a diminishing value basis to write off the net cost or other revalued
                        amount of each asset over its expected useful life to its estimated residual value for book purposes. Gains
                        and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These gains and
                        losses are included in the Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income. When revalued




For personal use only
                        assets are sold, amounts included in the revaluation reserve relating to that asset are transferred to retained
                        earnings.

                        Depreciation in Argentina is charged to Exploration and Evaluation expenditure, no depreciation has been
                        charged on assets under construction, relating to the construction of evaporation ponds until the pond
                        system is fully installed and in use.

                        (r)     Critical accounting estimates and judgements

                        The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
                        historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
                        of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
                        the Company.

                        Key Judgements –Exploration and evaluation expenditure

                        The Company capitalises expenditure relating to exploration and evaluation where it is considered likely to
                        be recoverable or where the activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment
                        of the existence of reserves. While there are certain areas of interest from which no reserves have been
                        extracted, the directors are of the continued belief that such expenditure should not be written off since
                        feasibility studies in such areas have not yet concluded.

                        The directors evaluate estimates and judgments incorporated into the financial statements based on
                        historical knowledge and best available current information. Estimates assume a reasonable expectation
                        of future events and are based on current trends and economic data, obtained both externally and within
                        the Company.

                        Key Judgments – Environmental Issues

                        Balances disclosed in the financial statements and notes thereto are not adjusted for any pending or
                        enacted environmental legislation, and the directors understanding thereof. At the current stage of the
                        Company’s development and its current environmental impact the directors believe such treatment is
                        reasonable and appropriate.

                        Key Estimates – Taxation

                        Balances disclosed in the financial statements and the notes thereto, related to taxation, are based on the
                        best estimates of directors. These estimates take into account both the financial performance and position
                        of the Company as they pertain to current income taxation legislation, and the directors understanding
                        thereof. No adjustment has been made for pending or future taxation legislation. The current income tax
                        position represents that directors’ best estimate, pending an assessment by the Australian Taxation Office.




                                                                                                                                    42
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Key Estimates – equity settled transactions

                        The Company measures the cost of equity-settled transactions with employees by reference to the fair
                        value of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value of options is determined
                        by an internal valuation using Black-Scholes option pricing model.

                        For equity settled transactions with consultants and other non-employees the fair value reflects the value
                        attributable to services where applicable. Where there is no quantifiable value of services the value of
                        options is calculated using the Black and Scholes option pricing model.

                        (s)     Foreign Currency Transaction and Balances

                        Functional and presentation currency

                        The Company has adopted the US dollar as the functional currency for the Argentinian subsidiaries. The
                        Company’s financial statements are presented in Australian dollars which is the parent entity’s functional
                        and presentation currency.

                        Transaction and balances




For personal use only
                        Profit and loss foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the average
                        exchange rate for the financial year.

                        Balance sheet foreign currency items are translated at the year-end exchange rate.

                        Exchange differences arising on the translation of monetary items are recognised in the Statement of Profit
                        or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income, except where deferred in equity as a qualifying cash flow or
                        net investment hedge.

                        Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items are recognised directly in equity to
                        the extent that the gain or loss is directly recognised in equity, otherwise exchange differences are
                        recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income.

                        (t)     Fair value measurements

                        The Company measures and recognises the following assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis
                        after initial recognition.

                                (i)      Fair Value Hierarchy

                                AASB 13: Fair Value Measurement requires the disclosure of fair value information by level of the
                                fair value hierarchy, which categorises fair value measurements into one of three possible levels
                                based on the lowest level that an input that is significant to the measurement can be categorised
                                into as follows:

                                Level 1                           Level 2                                     Level 3
                                Measurements based on             Measurements based on inputs                Measurements based on
                                quoted prices (unadjusted)        other than quoted prices                    unobservable inputs for the
                                in active markets for             included in Level 1 that are                asset or liability.
                                identical assets or liabilities   observable for the asset or
                                that the entity can access at     liability, either directly or indirectly.
                                the measurement date.

                                The fair values of assets and liabilities that are not traded in an active market are determined
                                using one or more valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise, to the extent
                                possible, the use of observable market data. If all significant inputs required to measure fair value
                                are observable, the asset or liability is included in Level 2. If one or more significant inputs are not
                                based on observable market data, the asset or liability is included in Level 3.




                                                                                                                                        43
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                                  (ii) Valuation techniques

                                  The Company selects a valuation technique that is appropriate in the circumstances and for
                                  which sufficient data is available to measure fair value. The availability of sufficient and relevant
                                  data primarily depends on the specific characteristics of the asset or liability being measured.
                                  The valuation technique selected by the Company is the market approach ie. valuation
                                  techniques that use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions for
                                  identical or similar assets or liabilities.
                                  When selecting a valuation technique, the Company gives priority to those techniques that
                                  maximise the use of observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs that
                                  are developed using market data (such as publicly available information on actual transactions)
                                  and reflect the assumptions that buyers and sellers would generally use when pricing the asset or
                                  liability are considered observable, whereas inputs for which market data is not available and
                                  therefore are developed using the best information available about such assumptions are
                                  considered unobservable.

                                  The following table provides the fair values of the Company’s assets and liabilities measured and
                                  recognised on a recurring basis after initial recognition and their categorisation within the fair
                                  value hierarchy:




For personal use only
                                                                                                        30 June 2024
                                                                                          Level 1       Level 2    Level 3       Total
                                                                                             $             $          $            $
                        Recurring fair value measurements
                              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
                        -         Australian listed shares                               1,640,505         -            -     1,640,505

                                                                                                         30 June 2023
                                                                                          Level 1        Level 2    Level 3      Total
                                                                                             $              $          $           $

                        Recurring fair value measurements
                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
                        -          Australian listed shares                              2,378,588          -           -     2,378,588


                        (u)       New, revised or amending accounting standards and interpretations adopted

                        Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards

                        The Group has adopted all new and revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the Australian
                        Accounting Standards Board that are relevant to its operations and effective for an accounting period
                        that begins on or after 1 January 2022.

                        Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted

                        The Group has reviewed the new and revised Standards and Interpretations on issue not yet adopted for
                        the year ended 30 June 2024. As a result of this review the Group has determined that there is no material
                        impact of the Standards and Interpretations in issue not yet adopted on the Company and, therefore, no
                        change is necessary to Group accounting policies.

                        (v)        Leases

                        Leases of fixed assets where substantially all the risks and benefits incidental to the ownership of the asset,
                        but not the legal ownership, are transferred to entities in the consolidated group are classified as finance
                        leases. Finance leases are capitalised by recording an asset and a liability equal to the present value of
                        the minimum lease payments, including any guaranteed residual values. Leased assets are depreciated
                        on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. Lease payments
                        for operating leases, where substantially all the risks and benefits remain with the lessor, are charged as
                        expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.



                                                                                                                                    44
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract
                        conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                        consideration.

                        Group as a lessee
                        The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
                        leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
                        right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

                        i)      Right-of-use assets

                        The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the
                        underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                        depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of
                        right of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease
                        payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use
                        assets (office premises) are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the
                        estimated useful lives of the assets. This is 5 years.




For personal use only
                        If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
                        exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

                        The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment.

                        ii)     Lease liabilities

                        At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present
                        value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
                        (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments
                        that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees.
                        The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be
                        exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                        Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a
                        rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which
                        the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                        In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
                        lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
                        After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
                        interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
                        remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g.,
                        changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease
                        payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

                        iii)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

                        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
                        equipment (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date
                        and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition
                        exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-
                        term leases and leases of low value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the
                        lease term.

                        Group as lessor
                        Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership
                        of an asset are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line
                        basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating
                        nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                        carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental
                        income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.




                                                                                                                                      45
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        2.       OPERATING SEGMENTS

                        The Company is currently managed primarily on the basis of its exploration activity. Operating segments
                        are therefore determined on the same basis.

                        Exploration
                        Segment assets, including acquisition costs of exploration licenses, all expenses related to the tenements
                        and profit on sale of tenements are reported on in this segment.

                        Segment assets and liabilities
                        Where an asset is used across multiple segments, the asset is allocated to the segment that receives the
                        majority of economic value from the asset. In the majority of instances, segment assets are clearly
                        identifiable on the basis of their nature and physical location. Unless indicated otherwise in the segment
                        assets note, deferred tax assets and intangible assets have not been allocated to operating segments.

                        Liabilities are allocated to segments where there is direct nexus between the incurrence of the liability
                        and the operations of the segment. Borrowings and tax liabilities are generally considered to relate to the
                        Company as a whole and are not allocated. Segment liabilities include trade and other payables.




For personal use only
                        Corporate items
                        The following items of revenue, expense, assets and liabilities are not allocated to operating segments as
                        they are not considered part of the core operations of any segment:
                            •    non-recurring items of revenue or expense;
                            •    deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                             Exploration             Corporate                      Total
                        30 June 2024                                                   $                     $                          $

                        Revenue
                        Interest                                                        -                581,348                  581,348
                        Other                                                           -                317,550                  317,550
                        Total segment revenue                                           -                898,898                  898,898
                        Segment net operating (loss)/profit                             -            (9,505,462)              (9,505,462)
                        after tax
                        Share based payments                                            -            (4,749,962)              (4,749,962)

                        Segment assets
                        Exploration expenditure*                            131,601,536                       -              131,601,536
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                     -               4,334,457                4,334,457
                        Other assets                                         35,458,143               2,866,225               38,324,368
                        Total segment assets                                167,059,679               7,200,682              174,260,361
                        Segment liabilities                                  13,553,114                 864,884               14,417,998

                                                                             Exploration             Corporate                      Total
                        30 June 2023                                                    $                      $                        $

                        Revenue

                        Interest                                                        -              1,003,152                1,003,152
                        Other                                                           -                 61,102                   61,102
                        Total segment revenue                                           -              1,064,254                1,064,254
                        Segment net operating (loss)/(profit                                         (7,616,989)              (7,616,989)
                        after tax                                                       -
                        Share based payments                                            -            (4,069,168)              (4,069,168)
                        Segment assets
                        Exploration expenditure*                                 71,137,277                   -               71,137,277
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                         -          45,150,542               45,150,542
                        Other assets                                              7,615,812           4,137,915               11,753,727
                        Total segment assets                                     78,753,089          49,288,457              128,041,546
                        Segment liabilities                                      10,106,717           1,486,420               11,593,137

                        *Exploration expenditure above is predominately focussed in Argentina, but includes $7,546,163 as at 30 June 2024
                        (2023: 6,407,613) relating to the Greenbushes South project in Australia

                                                                                                                                            46
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        3.   REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                 30 June 2024     30 June 2023
                                                                                                            $                $
                         Interest received and accrued from financial institutions                     581,348       1,003,152
                         Other Income
                         Sundry                                                                             941          3,622
                         Company secretarial recoupment                                                 57,480          57,480
                         Office recharge                                                               259,129                -
                         Total Other Income                                                            317,550          61,102

                        4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                 30 June 2024     30 June 2023
                         Recognised in the income statement
                                                                                                            $                $
                         a) Tax Expense
                                           Current tax




For personal use only
                                           expense                                                            -               -
                                           Deferred tax expense                                               -               -
                                  Total income tax expense per income statement                               -               -

                         b) Numerical reconciliation between tax expense and pre-tax net profit or (loss)

                                  Net profit/(loss) before tax                                     (9,505,462)      (7,619,989)

                                  Corporate tax rate applicable                                        30.00%           30.00%

                                  Income tax expense/(benefit) on above at applicable
                                  corporate rate                                                   (2,851,639)      (2,285,997)

                                  Increase in income tax due to tax effect of:
                                          Share based payments expense                               1,438,219       1,382,750
                                          Non-deductible expenses                                      916,145         125,706
                                          Current year tax losses not recognised                       205,960         758,111
                                          Current year capital losses not recognised                    53,661               -

                                  Decrease in income tax expense due to:
                                         Movement in unrecognised temporary differences               287,415            76,411
                                         Deductible equity raising costs                              (49,761)         (56,981)

                                  Income tax expense attributable to entity                                   -               -

                         Deferred tax assets and liabilities

                         c) Recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities                             30.00%           30.00%

                                  Deferred tax assets
                                  Employee Provisions                                                   39,503          48,527
                                  Other Provisions & Accruals                                           17,466           7,350
                                  ROU Assets                                                            11,361           4,615
                                  Blackhole - Previously Expensed                                          602             125
                                  Tax losses                                                         1,980,455         786,356
                                  Other DTA's                                                           33,084               -
                                                                                                     2,082,471         846,974

                                  Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                              (2,081,471)       (846,974)
                                  Net deferred tax assets                                                    -               -



                                                                                                                            47
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                                                                                                            30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                       $                  $
                                   Deferred tax liabilities
                                   Exploration & Mine Properties                                                 (2,056,108)       (780,792)
                                   Unearned Income                                                                         -        (46,211)
                                   Other DTL's                                                                      (26,363)        (19,972)
                                   Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                (2,082,471)       (846,974)
                                   Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                  2,082,471         846,974
                                   Net deferred tax liabilities                                                            -               -


                          d) Unused tax losses and temporary differences for which no
                             deferred tax asset has been recognised

                                   Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect
                                   of the following using corporate tax rates of:                                    30.00%          30.00%




For personal use only
                                   Deductible Temporary Differences                                                 559,988         328,856
                                   Tax Revenue Losses                                                             3,665,460       3,445,726
                                   Tax Capital Losses                                                                54,097             436
                                   Total Unrecognised deferred tax assets                                         4,279,545       3,775,019

                          The corporate tax rates on both recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax
                          liabilities have been calculated with respect to the tax rate that is expected to apply in the year the
                          deferred tax asset is realised or the liability is settled.

                        5. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                            30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                       $                  $

                        Cash at bank                                                                              4,334,457      18,150,542
                        Deposits at call (i)                                                                              -      27,000,000
                                                                                                                  4,334,457      45,150,542

                        (i)   The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 3.05% (2023: 3.49%).



                        6.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                            30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                       $                  $

                        GST receivables, interest accrued and other debtors                                         191,924         533,610

                        There were no trade receivables past due but not impaired. Due to the short-term nature of these
                        receivables, their carrying amount is assumed to approximate their fair value. The maximum exposure to
                        credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of receivables mentioned above.
                        Refer to note 18 for more information on the risk management policy of the Company and the credit
                        quality of the Company’s trade receivables.


                        7.    FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                          30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                     $                    $


                        Shares in listed corporations at fair value(i)                                           1,640,505        2,378,588
                        (i)   Level 1 valuation under Fair Value Hierarchy



                                                                                                                                         48
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        8.       PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                            Plant and     Assets Under     Computer             Motor                Total
                                                           Equipment      Construction    Equipment           Vehicles
                                                                    $             $               $                  $                       $
                        Year Ended 30 June 2024
                        Opening net book                      6,663,721                      211,518            897,941          7,773,180
                        amount
                        Additions                            18,707,539      15,283,512      430,046          1,647,149         36,068,246
                        Adjustment/Transfers                          -               -             -                  -                     -
                        Disposal of assets                            -               -             -                  -                  -
                        Depreciation expense                (6,934,916)               -     (298,661)        (1,029,706)        (8,263,283)
                        Closing net book amount              18,436,344      15,283,512      342,903          1,515,384         35,578,143


                        Year Ended 30 June 2024
                        Cost                                 25,420,606      15,283,512      690,487          2,626,625         44,021,229
                        Accumulated




For personal use only
                        depreciation and                    (6,984,262)               -     (347,584)        (1,111,241)        (8,443,086)
                        impairment
                        Net book amount                      18,436,344      15,283,512      342,903          1,515,384         35,578,143


                        Year Ended 30 June 2023
                        Opening net book                      1,836,695               -       70,127            689,914          2,596,736
                        amount
                        Additions                             4,866,381               -      177,877            285,259          5,329,517
                        Adjustment/Transfers                          -               -             -                  -                     -
                        Disposal of assets                            -               -             -                  -                     -
                        Depreciation expense                   (39,355)               -      (36,486)          (77,232)          (153,073)
                        Closing net book amount               6,663,721               -      211,518            897,941          7,773,180


                        Year Ended 30 June 2023
                        Cost                                  6,713,067               -      260,441            979,476          7,952,984
                        Accumulated
                        depreciation and                       (49,346)               -      (48,923)          (81,535)          (179,804)
                        impairment
                        Net book amount                       6,663,721               -      211,518            897,941          7,773,180



                        9.        EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION
                                                                                                  30 June 2024             30 June 2023
                                                                                                             $                        $

                        Costs carried forward in respect of areas of interest:


                        Brought forward                                                                 71,137,277           33,020,242
                        Exploration expenditure capitalised during the year                             50,101,259           35,566,035
                        Catalina vendor shares issued                                                   10,000,000                       -
                        Candelas vendor shares issued                                                            -            1,551,000
                        Greenbushes vendor shares                                                                -            1,000,000
                        Quebec vendor shares issued                                                       363,000                        -
                        Balance at reporting date                                                   131,601,536              71,137,277

                        The value of the Company’s interest in exploration expenditure is dependent upon:

                             •     the continuance of the Company’s rights to tenure of the areas of interest;
                             •     the results of future exploration; and
                             •     the recoupment of costs through successful development and exploitation of the areas of
                                   interest, or alternatively, by their sale.


                                                                                                                                    49
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        9.         EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION (Cont’d)

                        Asset acquisition – Hombre Muerto Lithium Project

                        On 25 June 2018, the Company acquired 100% of the issued capital of Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd (‘Blue Sky’)
                        under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement. The purchase consideration was as follows:

                             (a)    3,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of Galan and 3,000,000 options each at an
                                    exercise price of $0.14 on or before 31 December 2019 (the shares and options were issued on
                                    25 June 2018).
                             (b)    Issue to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders of 17,000,000 Shares and 12,000,000 Options (the
                                    shares were issued on 25 June 2018 and the options on 15 August 2018).
                             (c)    Upon the delineation by or on behalf of Galan of a JORC resource of not less than 80kt lithium
                                    carbonate equivalent within the area of the mining properties in which Blue Sky has an interest
                                    as at Completion, the issue of 15,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders (the
                                    shares were issued on 2 December 2019).
                             (d)    Upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant by on or behalf of
                                    Galan, the issue of 10,000,000 Shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders.




For personal use only
                        Purchase consideration

                        The fair value of the consideration for the acquisition was as follows:


                        25,000,000 ordinary shares                                                           $4,625,000
                        25,000,000 options                                                                   $2,518,475
                        Total consideration                                                                  $7,143,475

                        10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                    30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                                                                                                               $               $



                        Trade payables                                                                 3,063,548          2,206,109
                        Accruals                                                                       7,191,969          4,727,489
                                                                                                      10,255,517          6,933,598

                        Accounts payable are non-interest bearing and are predominantly settled on 30-45 day terms.




                                                                                                                                  50
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        11. RIGHT OF USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITY

                        Effective 1 December 2022 the company executed a 5 year office lease for its current premises at level
                        1, 50 Kings Park Road, West Perth 6005.

                              Right-of-use assets                                                  30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                              $                 $

                              Office lease
                              At carrying amount                                                         941,221          830,992
                              Additions                                                                   15,142         110,229
                              Less: Accumulated amortization                                           (266,654)         (96,949)
                                                                                                         689,719          844,272

                              Leases

                              Set out below are the carrying amounts of lease liabilities (included under interest-bearing




For personal use only
                              loans and borrowings) and the movements during the period:

                              As at 1 July                                                                749,427
                              Additions                                                                         -         830,992
                              Accretions of interest                                                       34,253          19,718
                              Payments                                                                  (177,963)       (101,283)
                              As at 30 June                                                               605,717         749,427

                              Current                                                                    158,809          143,712
                              Non-current                                                                446,908          605,715

                              The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:

                              Depreciation                                                               166,198            96,949
                              Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       34,253            19,718
                              Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                  200,451           116,667

                        The Group had total cash outflows for leases of $177,965 in the period to 30 June 2024 (2023: $101,283)


                        12.      ISSUED CAPITAL
                                                                                                        2024                 2024
                                                                                                      Number                    $

                        Fully paid ordinary shares (2023: 336,915,405- $128,831,780)               473,943,995        176,749,287


                        Ordinary Shares

                        Ordinary shares participate in dividends and the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion
                        to the number of shares held. At shareholder meetings each ordinary share is entitled to one vote when
                        a poll is called, otherwise each shareholder has one vote on a show of hands.




                                                                                                                                  51
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        12.         ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

                                                                     30 June 2024     30 June 2024      30 June 2023       30 June 2023
                                                                          Number                   $         Number                   $


                        Balance at the beginning of the period         336,915,405       128,831,780      304,399,362        96,254,698
                        Option conversions at $0.21 (i)                  5,940,000         1,247,400           30,950             6,500
                        Placement shares at $1.05 (ii)                            -                -     30,000,000          31,500,000
                        Placement shares at $0.46 (iii)                 38,943,477        17,913,999               -                   -
                        Share Purchase Plan at $0.46 (iv)                8,702,150         4,003,000               -                   -
                        Placement shares at $0.23 (v)                   57,826,088        13,300,000               -                   -
                        Acuity ATM Collateral Shares(vi)                 7,050,000                 -               -                   -
                        Acuity ATM Collateral Shares set off (vi)        7,950,000         2,385,150
                        Vendor shares – Candelas (vii)                            -                -       1,410,000          1,551,000
                        Vendor shares - Greenbushes South (viii)                  -                -        864,345           1,000,000




For personal use only
                        Vendor shares - Catalina (ix)                    9,756,098        10,000,000               -                   -
                        Vendor shares - Quebec (x)                         550,000           363,000               -                   -
                        Consultant shares (xi)                                    -                -           97,729           141,671
                        Consultant shares (xii)                             60,777            44,100           41,840            44,100
                        Consultant shares (xiii)                           250,000           137,500                   -               -
                        Consultant shares (xiv)                                   -                -           66,122            78,583
                        Consultant shares (xv)                                    -                -            5,057             6,000

                                                                       473,943,995       178,225,929      336,915,405       130,582,552
                        Shares to be issued (vi)                                  -                -                   -       (141,671)
                        Less: transaction costs                                   -      (1,964,731)                   -     (1,611,628)
                        Transfer from equity-based reserve                        -          488,089                   -           2,527

                        Balance at the end of the period               473,943,995       176,749,287      336,915,405       128,831,780



                              (i)    Issued on various dates upon the conversion of unquoted options (exercisable @ $0.21 on or
                                     before 8/10/23).
                              (ii) Issued 30,000,00 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $1.05 per share on 22 May 2023.
                              (iii) Issued 38,943,477 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.46 per share on 06 February 2024.
                              (iv) Issued 8,702,174 fully paid ordinary shares in a share purchase placement at $0.46 per share on
                                     02 April 2024.
                              (v) Issued 57,826,088 fully paid ordinary shares in a placement at $0.23 per share on 24 May 2024.
                              (vi) Issued 15,000,000 ordinary shares to Acuity Capital under an ATM (on 12 April 2024). On 14
                                     May2024 7,950,000 shares were set off, with 7,050,000 collateral shares remaining under the
                                     facility.
                              (vii) Issued to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisitions (Candelas).
                              (viii) Issued to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Greenbushes South).
                              (ix) Issued to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Catalina).
                              (x) Issued to a vendor as part consideration for tenement acquisition (Quebec)).
                              (xi) Shares issued to a study consultant ($133,671) and to a geological consultant ($8,000) in lieu of
                                     services provided.
                              (xii) Shares issued to a consultant on 26 August 2022 and 04 September 2023 in lieu of services
                                     provided.
                              (xiii) Shares issued to a consultant in lieu of services provided.
                              (xiv) Shares issued to a study consultant in lieu of services provided.
                              (xv) Shares issued to a geological consultant in lieu of services provided.




                                                                                                                                     52
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        12.     ISSUED CAPITAL (Cont’d)

                        Performance Shares

                        A revaluation of performance shares as at 30 June 2024 was conducted by management (refer Note 16
                        for details).

                        Options as at 30 June 2024

                        5,940,000 options with an expiry date of 08/10/23 and exercise price of $0.21 were exercised during the
                        period and 500,000 options with an expiry date of 04/02/24 expired during the period.

                        The following unquoted options remained on issue as at 30 June 2024:

                                 Expiry Date              Exercise Price        Unquoted Options

                                 24/12/2024                    $1.30                  500,000




For personal use only
                                 Expiry Date              Exercise Price          Listed Options

                                  20/03/29                     $0.65                47,645,627


                        Performance Rights as at 30 June 2024

                        There were a total of 18,350,000 performance rights on issue at 30 June 2024 (refer Note 16 for details).

                        Capital risk management

                        The Board controls the capital of the Company in order to provide the shareholders with adequate returns
                        and ensure that the Company can fund its operations and continue as a going concern. The Company’s
                        capital includes ordinary share capital. There are no externally imposed capital requirements.

                                                                                                   30 June 2024     30 June 2023
                                                                                                              $                $


                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                   4,334,457        45,150,542
                          Trade and other receivables                                                   191,924           533,610
                          Trade and other payables                                                  (10,255,517)      (6,933,598)
                          Working capital position                                                   (5,729,136)       38,750,554




                                                                                                                                    53
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        13. RESERVES

                        This reserve records the value of equity benefits provided to employees and directors as part of their
                        remuneration, share based payments to third parties plus option consideration for acquisitions.

                                                                                                         30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                                    $                 $
                        Equity Based Reserve
                        Opening balance                                                                      7,079,234         3,441,217
                        Valuation of Performance rights (i)                                                  5,131,307         4,205,348
                        Performance shares (ii)                                                                       -          403,818
                        Reversal of option valuation for resigned employees                                  (233,310)                   -
                        Reversal of option valuation for lapsed options                                      (148,035)                   -
                        Fair value of exercised options transferred to share capital                         (488,089)            (2,527)
                        Closing Balance                                                                    11,341,107          8,047,856




For personal use only
                                                                                                              720,036           (968,622)
                        Foreign Currency Translation Reserve
                                                                                                           12,061,143          7,079,234

                        (i)    Represented by 16,500,000 performance rights issued to directors and 1,850,000 performance rights issued to
                               senior management, which are being expensed and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights.
                        (ii)   Revaluation of unvested performance shares on issue.



                        14.       ACCUMULATED LOSSES

                                                                                                         30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                     $                 $
                        Opening balance                                                                   (19,462,605)      (11,845,616)
                        Loss for the Year                                                                  (9,505,462)        (7,616,989)
                        Transfer from Reserves                                                                        -                  -
                        Closing Balance                                                                   (28,968,067)       (19,462,605)


                        15. LOSS PER SHARE



                                                                                                        30 June 2024       30 June 2023

                                                                                                              Number             Number
                        Basic weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
                                                                                                          376,661,469        308,228,463
                        during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share
                        Diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
                                                                                                          424,807,096        315,168,463
                        during the year used in calculation of diluted loss/share
                                                                                                                     $                  $
                        Loss used in the calculation of basic and diluted loss per share                   (9,505,462)        (7,616,989)

                        16. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

                        Options

                        There were no Options issued to directors, employees and consultants.

                        Performance Rights

                        There were a total of 18,350,000 Performance Rights on issue at 30 June 2024 including 1,850,000 issued to
                        management personnel.
                                                                                                                                       54
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        16. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

                        Directors

                        Total value of the Director Performance Rights is $22,565,125. This amount is being expensed and
                        amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $4,454,604 during this
                        period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
                        adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
                        vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds
                        the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading
                        days.

                        Management

                        The total value of the Management Performance Rights was $3,003,330. This amount is being expensed
                        and amortised over the 5 year life of the performance rights, resulting in an expense of $443,392 during
                        this period. The Rights were valued using a barrier up-and-in trinomial pricing model with a Parisian barrier
                        adjustment. The model, produced by an external consultant, takes into consideration that the Rights will
                        vest at any time during the performance period, given that the VWAP of the Company’s shares exceeds




For personal use only
                        the relevant barrier over 20 consecutive trading days.

                        The following table illustrates the movements and the number and weighted average exercise prices of
                        share-based payment options on issue during the year:

                                                                           2024                                 2023
                                                                    Number of   Weighted                Number of     Weighted
                                                                      Options Ave Exercise                Options   Ave Exercise
                                                                                   Price $                               Price $

                         Balance at 1 July 2023                       6,940,000             0.32          6,970,950              0.32
                         Expired during the year                      (500,000)             0.65                  -                 -
                         Exercised during the year                  (5,940,000)             0.21           (30,950)              0.21
                         Issued during the year                               -                -                  -
                         Balance at 30 June 2024                        500,000             1.30          6,940,000              0.32
                         Exercisable at 30 June 2024                   500,000                            6,940,000

                         Options expired during the year resulted in a reversal to share based payment expense of $148,034. The
                         options outstanding at 30 June 2024 had a weighted average remaining life of 0.485 years (2023 – 0.38
                         years). The weighted average fair value of the options outstanding at 30 June 2024 was $1.30 (2023 -
                         $0.18).

                        Performance Shares

                                                                       Fair Value
                                                                         at Grant                    Life of                 Expected
                                                        Number of       Date per                    Shares                    exercise
                        Allottee                           Shares          Option   Probability    (years)     Expiry Date       date


                        Blue Sky Milestones

                        - Share A(i)                            Vested for vendors on 2 December 2019 (i)
                        - Share B(iii)                 10,000,000        $0.185           80%         N/A             N/A        N/A

                        The calculation of the value of the above performance shares resulted in a share-based expense of Nil
                        during the year, which is based on management’s assessment of the probability of the milestones being
                        met.

                        (i) Milestone of 80kt lithium carbonate lithium JORC resource achieved 1 October 2019
                        (ii) Milestone of 1Mt lithium carbonate JORC (2012) compliant Indicated resource achieved 22 June 2020.
                        (iii) Probability of Blue Sky Milestone – Share B was re-assessed at 80% , recognising the delivery of a DFS
                              study targeting production of 5.4ktpa on 3/7/2023.

                                                                                                                                    55
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        16. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Cont’d)

                        Blue Sky Milestones

                        Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
                        of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due upon the
                        commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

                        Managing Director Performance Shares

                        On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
                        de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
                        Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
                        Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
                        pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
                        Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
                        Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
                        production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.




For personal use only
                        On 22 July 2020, 5 million Class A Performance Shares were converted to fully paid ordinary shares and
                        issued to Mr JP Vargas de le Vega (milestone announced 22 June 2020).

                        On 31 July 2023, the 5 million Class B Performance Shares were converted to a total of 5 Shares as the
                        financial close for a commercial scale lithium production facility capable of production of at least
                        5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum did not meet the 31 July 2023 deadline.


                        17.      CASH FLOW INFORMATION

                        Reconciliation from the net loss after tax to the net cash flow from operations


                                                                                                        30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                   $                  $

                        Loss from ordinary activities after income tax                                     (9,505,462)        (7,616,989)

                        Government Grant                                                                              -                  -
                        Gain on hyper inflation                                                                       -                  -
                        Gain on sale of shares                                                                        -                  -
                        Fair value adjustment to investments                                                1,154,793            254,703
                        Exploration Written off                                                                       -                  -
                        Depreciation                                                                          255,173             75,956
                        Share based payments                                                                4,749,962          4,609,168
                        Changes in assets and liabilities
                        - (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                (156,007)           (474,372)
                        - Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                   (30,081)            78,607
                        - Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                                     756,007          1,165,817
                        Cash flow from operations                                                          (2,775,615)        (1,907,110)


                        18.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

                        The Company’s financial instruments consist of deposits with banks, accounts receivable and payable.
                        The main risks arising from the Company’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity
                        risk. Risk management is carried out by the Board of Directors who monitor, evaluate, and manage the
                        Company’s financial risk. The financial receivables and payables of the Company in the table below are
                        due or payable within 30 days.




                                                                                                                                       56
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        18.      FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)

                                                                         Variable           Fixed
                                                                                                         Non-interest
                                                                         Interest         Maturity – 1                   2024 Total
                                                                                                           Bearing
                                                                           Rate           Year or Less                       $
                                                                                                              $
                                                                            $                  S
                        2024
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                         4,334,457                  -              -      4,334,457
                        Receivables                                                   -              -       191,924         191,924
                        Held for trading financial assets                             -              -      1,640,505      1,640,505

                        Total financial assets                            4,334,457                  -      1,832,429      6,166,886

                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                                               3.05%




For personal use only
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade payables and accruals                                                      (10,255,517)    (10,255,517)
                        Net financial assets                                                                              (4,088,631)


                                                                         Variable           Fixed
                                                                                                         Non-interest
                                                                         Interest         Maturity – 1                   2023 Total
                                                                                                           Bearing
                                                                           Rate           Year or Less                       $
                                                                                                              $
                                                                            $                  S
                        2023
                        Financial assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                      18,150,542          27,000,000               -    45,150,542

                        Receivables                                       185,680                    -       347,930        533,610

                        Held for trading financial assets                         -                  -     2,378,588      2,378,588

                        Total financial assets                          18,336,222         27,000,000       2,726,518     48,062,740

                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                                                3.5%
                        Financial liabilities
                        Trade payables and accruals                                   -              -    (6,933,598)     (6,933,598)
                        Net financial assets                                                                              41,129,142

                        The financial instruments recognised at fair value in the statement of financial position have been
                        analysed and classified using a fair value hierarchy reflecting the significance of the inputs used in making
                        the measurements. All financial instruments measured at fair value are level one, meaning fair value is
                        determined from quoted prices, in active markets for identical assets.

                        Financial risk management objectives and policies

                        The Board of Directors monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Company
                        through internal risk reports which analyse exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These risks include
                        market risk (including fair value and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company does not
                        enter into or trade financial instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative
                        purposes.




                                                                                                                                      57
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        18.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)

                        Credit risk management

                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
                        financial loss to the Company. The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy
                        counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of
                        financing loss from defaults. The Company exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are
                        continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst
                        approved counterparties.

                        Credit risk related to balances with banks and other financial institutions is managed by the board. The
                        board’s policy requires that surplus funds are only invested with counterparties with Standard & Poor’s
                        rating of at least AA-. All of the Company’s surplus funds are invested with a AA- rated financial institution.

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amount of the financial assets
                        as summarised below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                     30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                                $                  $

                        Cash and cash equivalents – Australia                                            2,745,143         44,263,723
                        Receivables – Australia                                                            191,924            533,610


                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any provision for losses,
                        represents the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk.

                        All Australian receivables noted above are due within 30 days.

                        Market risk

                        Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest rates and
                        equity prices will affect the Company’s income or value of its holdings of financial instruments. The
                        objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable
                        parameters, while optimising the return.

                        Liquidity risk management

                        Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the Board of Directors, who have built an
                        appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company’s short, medium
                        and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Company manages liquidity risk by
                        maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities by continuously
                        monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and
                        liabilities.

                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with
                        financial liabilities. The Company has no borrowings. The Company’s non-cash investments can be
                        realised to meet accounts payable arising in the normal course of business.

                        Interest rate risk exposure

                        Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market
                        interest rates. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk as it invests funds at both fixed and floating
                        interest rates. The risk is managed by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate
                        deposits. The Company has no borrowings.


                                                                                                      30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                 $                   $
                        Interest bearing financial instruments
                        Cash and cash equivalents – Australia                                             2,745,143          44,263,723
                        Weighted average effective interest rate                                              3.05%                3.5%


                                                                                                                                    58
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        18.       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Cont’d)

                         Sensitivity analysis
                         Interest rate risk

                         The Company has performed sensitivity analysis relating to its exposure to interest rate risk at balance
                         date. The sensitivity analysis demonstrates the effect on the current year results and equity which could
                         result from a change in these risks.

                         Interest rate sensitivity analysis

                         At 30 June 2024, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the interest rate, with all variables remaining
                         constant, applied to group cash balance would be as follows:


                                                                                                     30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                              $                 $
                         Change in Loss




For personal use only
                         Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                       43,345           451,505
                         Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                     (43,345)         (451,505)

                         Change in equity
                         Increase in interest rate by 100 basis points                                       43,345           451,505
                         Decrease in interest rate by 100 basis points                                     (43,345)         (451,505)

                         Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

                         At 30 June 2024, the effect on loss as a result of changes in the Foreign currency, with all variables
                         remaining constant would be as follows:


                         Change in loss
                         Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                1,866,985         1,030,992
                         Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso              (1,866,985)       (1,030,992)

                         Change in equity
                         Increase in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso                1,866,985         1,030,992
                         Decrease in 20% of Australian Dollar against the Argentinian Peso              (1,866,985)       (1,030,992)

                         19. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION

                         Refer to the remuneration report contained in the directors’ report for details of remuneration paid or
                         payable to each member of the Company’s key management personnel for the year ended 30 June
                         2024.

                         The totals of remuneration paid to KMP of the Company during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                      30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                               $                $

                              Short term employee benefits                                                  951,047         883,723
                              Post-employment benefits                                                       74,326          61,563
                              Other long term benefits                                                            -               -
                              Equity based payments                                                       4,454,604       3,568,511
                                                                                                          5,479,977       4,513,797


                         Barclay Wells Ltd was paid a total of $231,000 (2023: $82,500) in capital raising fees for the 2023 financial
                         year. Barclay Wells Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan Non-Executive
                         Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Barclay Wells Ltd.

                         The Company received $63,228 (2023: $57,480) for the recoupment of Company Secretarial services from
                         Cazaly Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a
                         Galan Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                                                                                                                                   59
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        19. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL (KMP) COMPENSATION (Cont’d)

                        The Company paid a total of $Nil (2023: $69,883) under an Office Services Agreement with Cazaly
                        Resources Ltd. Cazaly Resources Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as a Galan
                        Non-Executive Director, Mr Terry Gardiner, is also a director of Cazaly Resources Ltd.

                        Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd was paid or due a total of $163,603 (2023: $ 201,339) in legal fees for the 2024
                        financial year. Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd is considered by the Company to be a related Party, as the
                        Galan Non-Executive Chairman, Mr Richard Homsany, is a director of Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd. There
                        was Nil outstanding at 30 June 2024.

                        20. COMMITMENTS

                        The mining tenement option obligations, which include declared tenement commitments at
                        Greenbushes are not provided for in the financial statements and are payable as follows:

                                                                                                    30 June 2024       30 June 2023
                                                                                                               $                  $




For personal use only
                        No longer than one year                                                           260,363           160,012
                        Longer than one year but not longer than five years                               592,241           304,954
                        Longer than five years                                                                   -                 -
                                                                                                          852,604           464,966

                        A summary of the resolution of previously material outstanding mining tenement option obligations are as
                        follows:

                        Candelas Properties – Candela, Candela II, Candela III, Candela Iv, Candela V and Candela VI

                        As announced on 8 February 2023, Galan moved to 100% full ownership and title to the Candelas project.
                        Candelas has no outstanding payment obligations attached to it.

                        Catalina Property – Full Ownership

                        On 28 July 2023, the Company announced that it had executed the necessary agreements to register its
                        full ownership of the Catalina tenure (as issued by the Catamarca and Salta authorities). There is a long-
                        standing political border dispute (over 100 years) between Salta and Catamarca, that includes the
                        northern part of the Salar del Hombre Muerto, which does not have a foreseeable resolution. Over time,
                        both respective provincial mining authorities have claimed the right on the disputed area and have been
                        issuing mining rights that overlap over the same area. For clarity, Galan’s Catalina tenure covers Catalina,
                        Rana de Sal II, Rana de Sal III, Pucara del Salar and Deceo I.

                        The Catalina tenure has never been included in the HMW Resource estimate but will now be classified
                        under the HMW Project and a more focused and detailed work campaign will ramp up in the area.

                        Catalina is located in a disputed area between Salta and Catamarca without final definition, therefore
                        the ownership of the area will be disputed by Salta up until the Federal Congress takes a final decision. It
                        is not expected that such a resolution will eventuate in the foreseeable near future.

                        An agreement with the Salta private owner was reached whereby the Company issued 9,756,098 fully
                        paid ordinary shares (on 28 July 2023) for 100% ownership of the Catalina project, both in Salta and
                        Catamarca. The uncertainty around the private ownership and potential mine development of the
                        tenure was resolved through this important acquisition.

                        21. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

                        Under the Acuity ATM, Galan issued the following equity after the end of the financial year:

                        15 July 2024 – 7,050,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $1,100,000;
                        2 August 2024 – 4,750,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $650,000;
                        15 August 2024 – 9,000,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $1,100,000; and
                        30 August 2024 – 4,800,000 ordinary shares for proceeds of $600,000

                                                                                                                                 60
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        21. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE (Cont’d)

                        On 18 July 2024, the Company issued 28,913,044 unlisted options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July
                        2026) under the $0.23 Placement.

                        On 12 August 2024, the Company issued a total of 3,973,262 fully paid ordinary shares and 1,986,631
                        unlisted options (exercisable at $0.35 on or before 18 July 2026) to directors under the $0.23 Placement
                        (as approved by shareholders on 12 July 2024).

                        As announced on 27 August 2024, the Company entered into an offtake prepayment memorandum of
                        understanding with Chengdu Chemphys Chemical Industry Co., Ltd (Chemphys) in relation to the
                        Company’s Hombre Muerto West project in Argentina.

                        On 10 September 2024, The Company announced an $12 million placement to institutional, sophisticated
                        and professional investors ($0.105 Placement) and a 1 for 4 non-renounceable entitlement offer
                        (Entitlement Offer) up to A$ 13.3m at the same price as the $0.105 Placement. Under the $0.105
                        Placement, Galan issued a total of 69,533,340 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company on 17 September
                        2024. The shares were issued under the Company’s existing placement capacity under ASX Listing Rules




For personal use only
                        7.1 and 7.1A.

                        On 20 September 2024, the Company issued a total of 19,863,770 shares to two HMW project service
                        providers as consideration for earthmoving and construction services provided.

                        Apart from the above, the Directors are not aware of any matters or circumstances at the date of the
                        report, other than those referred to in this report or the financial statements or notes thereto, that has
                        significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations, the results of operations or the state of
                        affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.


                        22. REMUNERATION OF AUDITORS


                                                                                                      30 June 2024 30 June 2023
                                                                                                                 $            $
                        Remuneration of the auditor for:
                        Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2023                        3,665           39,666
                        Auditing and reviewing the financial reports YE 30 June 2024                       57,501                -
                                                                                                           61,164           39,666

                        23.   CONSOLIDATED ENTITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT

                                                             Type of       Country of      %           Australian   Foreign tax
                                                               Entity   Incorporation     Owned        or Foreign   jurisdiction
                                                                                                        resident     of foreign
                                                                                                                     residents

                         Galan Lithium Limited                Body           Australia                  Australia       Australia
                         (Parent Entity)                  corporate
                         Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd             Body           Australia    100%          Australia       Australia
                         (Controlled Entity)              corporate
                         Galan Exploraciones S.A.             Body          Argentina     100%            Foreign     Argentina
                         (GESA) (Controlled Entity)       corporate
                         Galan Litio S.A. (GLSA)              Body          Argentina     100%            Foreign     Argentina
                         (Controlled Entity)              corporate
                         Galan Quebec Exploration             Body           Canada       100%            Foreign       Canada
                         Inc. (Controlled Entity)         corporate

                        On 15 July 2019, the Argentinian authorities granted the Company permission to become a registered
                        foreign shareholder of GESA. Under the Argentine Corporations Code, a local company must have at
                        least two shareholders. At the date of this report, the Company now holds 95% of the issued shares in
                        GESA with the remaining 5% being held in trust, on behalf of the Company, by Mr Vargas de le Vega. In
                        Financial year ended 30 June 2022, a second company was registered in the Salta province in Argentina
                        - Galan Litio SA (‘GLSA’) under the same ownership structure as GESA. On 26 September 2023, Galan
                        Quebec Exploration Inc was incorporated.

                                                                                                                                    61
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        24. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
                                                                                                 30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                            $                    $
                        (a)       Statement of financial position
                        Assets
                         Current assets                                                                2,937,067        44,797,333
                         Non-current assets                                                          158,556,570        73,535,404
                        Total assets                                                                 161,493,637       118,332,737

                        Liabilities
                          Current liabilities                                                           1,072,691        1,915,988
                          Non-current liabilities                                                         578,583          767,472
                        Total liabilities
                                                                                                        1,651,274        2,683,460

                        Equity
                         Issued capital                                                               176,749,287      128,831,779
                         Reserves:




For personal use only
                         Equity based payment reserve                                                 13,051,066          8,069,158
                         Retained losses                                                             (29,957,990)      (21,251,660)
                         Total Equity                                                                 159,842,363      115,649,277


                        (b)       Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                         Total profit/ (loss)                                                         (8,785,426)       (7,595,684)
                        Total comprehensive income                                                    (8,785,426)       (7,595,684)


                        25. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

                        Galan Lithium Limited has the following material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024:

                        Under the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Blue Sky, there is one final allotment
                        of 10 million shares to the Blue Sky Lithium Pty Ltd vendors and shareholders outstanding. These are due
                        upon the commencement of commercial production from a pilot plant.

                        On 6 June 2019, shareholders approved the issue of a total 10 million performance shares to Mr JP Vargas
                        de la Vega upon the achievement of certain milestones on or before 31 July 2023. The 5 million Class A
                        Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon the Company announcing an Indicated and
                        Measured resource of 1Mt of lithium carbonate equivalent at a minimum grade of 400 mg/l of lithium
                        pursuant to The Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
                        Reserves 2012 (JORC Code) within a project in which the Company has an interest. The 5 million Class B
                        Performance Shares would convert to Shares upon financial close for a commercial scale lithium
                        production facility capable of production of at least 5,000tpa of lithium carbonate equivalent per annum.

                        On 20 July 2020, the above 5 million Class A Performance Shares were issued to the Managing Director
                        (milestone announced 22 June 2020).

                        Assessments are conducted by management at each reporting date to determine the likelihood of the
                        milestones being achieved. As at 30 June 2024 there was no share based payment expense (2023:
                        $403,818).


                        26. ENVIRONMENT PROVISION

                        A provision of $3,425,088 has been recognised for rehabilitation costs associated with land disturbance
                        and infrastructure at our Hombre Muerto West and Candelas projects in Argentina.




                                                                                                                                      62
                        DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Galan Lithium Limited, the directors of the company
                        declare that:

                        1.      the financial statements and notes, as set out, on pages 33 to 62 are in accordance with the
                                Corporations Act 2001 and:

                                a.       comply with Australian Accounting Standards, which, as stated in accounting policy Note 1
                                         to the financial statements, constitutes compliance with International Financial Reporting
                                         Standards (IFRS); and
                                b.       give a true and fair view of the financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of the performance
                                         for the year ended on that date of the Company;

                        2.      in the directors’ opinion there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to
                                pay its debts as and when they become due and payable;

                        3.      in the directors’ opinion the information disclosed in the consolidated entity disclosure statement in
                                note 23 is true and correct; and




For personal use only
                        4.      the directors have been given the declarations required by s 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from
                                the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer.

                        On behalf of the Directors




                        JP Vargas de la Vega
                        Managing Director
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        27 September 2024




                                                                                                                                63
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                        TO THE MEMBERS OF GALAN LITHIUM LIMITED


                        Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Opinion

                        We have audited the financial report of Galan Lithium Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the
                        Group”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024, the
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of




For personal use only
                        changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
                        financial statements, including material accounting policy information, the Group disclosure statement and the
                        director’s declaration.

                        In our opinion:

                        a.    the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                              including:

                              (i)      giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its financial
                                       performance for the year then ended; and

                              (ii)     complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        b.    the financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in Note
                              1 (a).


                        Basis for Opinion

                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section
                        of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                        Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our
                        audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                        with the Code.

                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.
                        Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern

                        We draw attention to Note 1(c) in the financial report which indicates that the Group incurred a net loss of
                        $9,505,462 during the year ended 30 June 2024. As stated in Note 1(c), these events or conditions, along with
                        other matters as set forth in Note 1(c), indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt
                        on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in this respect of this matter.


                        Key Audit Matters

                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit




For personal use only
                        of the financial report of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
                        financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
                        these matters.

                         Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                         Exploration and Evaluation

                         As disclosed in Note 9 to the financial statements,       Our procedures included, amongst others:
                         the Group had an exploration and evaluation
                                                                                       •   Assessing management’s determination of
                         balance of $131,601,536 as at 30 June 2024.
                                                                                           its areas of interest for consistency with the
                         Exploration and evaluation expenditure is a key audit             definition in AASB 6. This involved analysing
                         matter due to:                                                    the tenements in which the Group holds an
                                                                                           interest and the exploration programs
                             •   The significance of the balance to the
                                                                                           planned for those tenements;
                                 Group’s financial position.
                                                                                       •   For each area of interest, we assessed the
                             •   The level of judgement required in
                                                                                           Group’s rights to tenure by corroborating to
                                 evaluating management’s application of the
                                                                                           agreements in place;
                                 requirements of AASB 6 Exploration for and
                                 Evaluation of Mineral Resources (“AASB                •   We considered the activities in each area of
                                 6”). AASB      6 is an      industry specific             interest to date and assessed the planned
                                 accounting      standard      requiring  the              future activities for each area of interest by
                                 application    of   significant   judgements,             evaluating budgets;
                                 estimates and industry knowledge. This
                                                                                       •   Substantiated a sample of expenditure by
                                 includes   specific  requirements  for
                                                                                           agreeing to supporting documentation; and
                                 expenditure to be capitalised as an asset
                                 and subsequent requirements which must                •   We assessed each area of interest for one
                                 be complied with for capitalised expenditure              or more of the following circumstances that
                                 to continue to be carried as an asset.                    may indicate impairment of the capitalised
                                                                                           expenditure:
                             •   The assessment of impairment of
                                 exploration and evaluation expenditure                     o    the licenses for the right to explore
                                 requiring judgement.                                            expiring in the near future or are not
                                                                                                 expected to be renewed;
                         Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

                                                                                          o   substantive expenditure        for   further
                                                                                              exploration in the specific area is
                                                                                              neither budgeted or planned decision or
                                                                                              intent by the Group to discontinue
                                                                                              activities in the specific area of interest
                                                                                              due to lack of commercially viable
                                                                                              quantities of resources; and

                                                                                          o   data   indicating    that,   although     a
                                                                                              development in the specific area is




For personal use only
                                                                                              likely to proceed, the carrying amount of
                                                                                              the exploration asset is unlikely to be
                                                                                              recovered in full from successful
                                                                                              development or sale.

                                                                                 Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures included
                                                                                 in Note 9 to the financial statements.

                         Accounting for share based payments

                         As disclosed in Notes 13 and 16 to the financial        Our procedures amongst others included:
                         statements, during the year ended 30 June 2024 the
                                                                                     •   Analysing agreements to identify the key
                         Group incurred share based payments expense of
                                                                                         terms and conditions of share based
                         $4,749,962.
                                                                                         payments issued and relevant vesting
                         Share based payments are considered to be a key                 conditions in accordance with AASB 2 Share
                         audit matter due to:                                            Based Payments;

                             •   the value of the transactions;                      •   Evaluating valuation models and assessing
                                                                                         the assumptions and inputs used;
                             •   the complexities involved in the recognition
                                 and measurement of these instruments; and           •   Assessing the amount recognised during the
                                                                                         year in accordance with the vesting
                             •   the judgement involved in determining the
                                                                                         conditions of the agreements;
                                 inputs used in the valuations.
                                                                                     •   Assessing the achievement of relevant
                                                                                         milestones; and

                                                                                 Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures included
                                                                                 in notes 13 and 16 to the financial statements.



                        Other Information

                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                        included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2024, but does not include the financial report
                        and our auditor’s report thereon.
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                        any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                        doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
                        knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
                        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report




For personal use only
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
                        fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such
                        internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that
                        gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and the Group
                        disclosure statement that is true and correct and is free of misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. In Note
                        1 (a), the directors also state in accordance with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 101 Presentation of
                        Financial Statements, that the financial report complies with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
                        a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
                        of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic
                        alternative but to do so.


                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                        financial report.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
                        and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                            •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or
                                error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
                                is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                                misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                                collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                            •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
                            •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                            •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                                conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
                                the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
                                opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
                                report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
                                concern.

                            •




For personal use only
                                Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                                manner that achieves fair presentation.

                            •   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible
                                for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for
                                our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                        and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
                        our audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance
                        in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
                        these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                        when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
                        because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                        benefits of such communication.


                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2024.
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report
                        in accordance with s 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                        remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.
                        Auditor’s Opinion

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Galan Lithium Limited, for the year ended 30 June 2024, complies
                        with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




                        HALL CHADWICK WA AUDIT PTY LTD                             MARK DELAURENTIS CA
                                                                                   Director




For personal use only
                        Dated this 27th day of September 2024
                        Perth, Western Australia
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Additional information required by Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not shown elsewhere in this
                        Annual Report is as follows. The information is provided as at 17 September 2024.

                        DETAILS OF EQUITY SECURITIES

                        ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS

                        There are 576,200,597 fully paid ordinary shares on issue, held by 7,565 individual shareholders. Each member
                        entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy or by attorney and on a show of hands every person who is a
                        member or a representative or a proxy of a member shall have one vote and on a poll every member present
                        in person or by proxy or attorney or other authorised representative shall have one vote for each share held.

                        TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

                        Fully Paid Ordinary Shareholders                                                  Number         Percentage

                        UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                            38,184,892               6.63
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Ltd                                                       36,687,883               6.37




For personal use only
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (IB AU Noms Retail Client))                        35,129,269               6.10
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                       25,083,275               4.35
                        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                        23,766,014               4.12
                        Juan Pablo Vargas de la Vega                                                    21,238,711               3.69
                        Havelock Mining Investment Ltd                                                  16,983,004               2.95
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd (Clearstream)                                      12,967,710               2.25
                        Acuity Capital Investment Management Pty Ltd (Acuity Capital)                   10,303,231               1.79
                        Mr Zhaoyang Liu                                                                  9,090,924               1.58
                        Est of Ms Margaret Lynette Harvey                                                7,485,714               1.30
                        Annandale Street Holdings Pty Ltd (Annadale Street Holding A/c)                  6,000,000               1.04
                        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Ltd                                            5,897,428               1.02
                        Mr Terry James Gardiner                                                          5,788,817               1.00
                        Hawksburn Capital Pte Ltd (Methuselah Strategic Fnd A/c)                         5,336,358               0.95
                        Clive Jones (The Alyse Investment A/C)                                           4,199,254               0.73
                        Mrs Kelly Allen                                                                  4,000,000               0.69
                        Cardinals Corporate Pty Ltd (Cardinals Corporate A/c)                            3,818,608               0.66
                        Mr Bradley William Smith                                                         3,486,388               0.61
                        Mr Bao Fen Pan & Ms Min Hua Zuan (Bao Superfund A/c)                             3,249,662               0.56

                                                                                                       278,697,142              48.37

                        VOTING RIGHTS

                        Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes (at present there are
                        none) at general meetings of shareholders or classes of shareholders:

                        (a) each shareholder entitled to vote, may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or representative;

                        (b) on a show of hands, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative
                            of a shareholder has one vote; and

                        (c) on a poll, every person present who is a shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative of a
                            shareholder shall, in respect of each fully paid share held, or in respect of which he/she has appointed
                            a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for the share, but in respect of partly paid shares
                            shall have a fraction of a vote equivalent to the proportion which the amount paid up bears to the
                            total issue price for the share.

                        VOTING RIGHTS

                        There are 3,572 shareholders who hold less than a marketable parcel of shares.



                                                                                                                                   70
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        DISTRIBUTION OF SHARE HOLDERS

                                                                              Ordinary
                                                                                Shares
                                1 to       1,000                               907,250
                            1,001 to       5,000                             6,469,262
                            5,001 to      10,000                             8,177,122
                           10,001 to    100,000                             71,546,178
                         100,001 and over                                  489,100,785
                                                                           576,200,597

                        SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

                        As at report date, the following shareholders are recorded as Substantial Shareholders pursuant to their
                        last notices lodged in accordance with section 671B of the Corporations Act:

                         Substantial Shareholder                                                 Ordinary Shares held   % Held




For personal use only
                         Regal Funds Management Pty Ltd and its associates                                 39,540,601    6.86%

                        The percentage set out above is based on the total issued share capital at the date of ASX notification
                        of substantial shareholder interest.

                        SHARE BUY-BACKS

                        There is no current on-market buy-back scheme.

                        OTHER INFORMATION

                        Galan Lithium Limited, incorporated and domiciled in Australia, is a public listed Company limited by
                        shares.

                        INTEREST IN MINING TENEMENTS (AS AT 17 SEPTEMBER 2024)

                        Argentina (Hombre Muerto projects) - 100% right, interest and/or title

                        ARGENTINA GOLD
                        CANDELA I – VIII, XI-XV
                        CASA DEL INCA I, II, III, IV
                        CATALINA
                        DECEO I, II, III
                        DEL CONDOR
                        DELMIRA I
                        DON MARTIN
                        JAZMIN II
                        JUANA DE ANTOFALLA
                        PATA PILA
                        PUCARA DEL SALAR
                        RANA DE SAL I, II, III, IV
                        SALINAS
                        SANTA BARBARA VII,VIII,X,XXIV

                        Australia (Greenbushes South project) – 100% interest


                        E70/4690
                        E70/4790
                        E70/4777
                        E70/5680
                        E70/6263
                        E70/6263 (formerly E70/4889)(pending)
                        E70/4624 (formerly E70/4629)(pending)
                        P70/1698 to P70/1704 (pending)


                                                                                                                             71
                        ADDITIONAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
                        Galan Lithium Limited Annual Report 2024

                        Canada (James Bay project) – 50% interest

                        James Bay – Claim Nos


                        CDC2643135
                        CDC2650113-CDC2650118
                        CDC2662038-CDC2662057
                        CDC2652549
                        CDC2652551-CDC2652567
                        CDC2660890-CDC2660897

                        Taiga - Claim Nos

                        CDC2661464-CDC2661493




For personal use only




                                                                    72
