            Australian Pipeline Ltd ACN 091 344 704 | Australian Pipeline Trust ARSN 091 678 778 | APT Investment Trust ARSN 115 585 441
                                                Level 25, 580 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 | PO Box R41 Royal Exchange NSW 1225
                                                                                          Phone +61 2 9693 0000 | Fax +61 2 9693 0093
                                                                                                              APA Group | apa.com.au




            21 September 2018




            ASX ANNOUNCEMENT




For personal use only
            APA Group (ASX: APA)
            (also for release to APT Pipelines Limited (ASX: AQH))




            ANNUAL REPORT AND SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

            The combined Annual Report and Sustainability Report 2018 is attached for release to the market.




            Nevenka Codevelle
            Company Secretary
            Australian Pipeline Limited

            For further information please contact:

              Investor enquiries:                                  Media enquiries:
              Jennifer Blake                                       Louise Watson
              Telephone: +61 2 9693 0097                           Telephone: +61 2 8011 0591
              Mob: +61 455 071 006                                 Mob: +61 419 185 674
              Email: jennifer.blake@apa.com.au                     Email: lwatson@symbolstrategic.com.au



            About APA Group (APA)

            APA is a leading Australian energy infrastructure business, owning and/or operating in excess of $20 billion of energy infrastructure
            assets. Its gas transmission pipelines span every state and territory on mainland Australia, delivering approximately half of the nation’s
            gas usage. APA has direct management and operational control over its assets and the majority of its investments. APA also holds
            ownership interests in a number of energy infrastructure enterprises including SEA Gas Pipeline, SEA Gas (Mortlake) Partnership, Energy
            Infrastructure Investments and GDI Allgas Gas Networks.

            APT Pipelines Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Australian Pipeline Trust and is the borrowing entity of APA Group.

            For more information visit APA’s website, apa.com.au
For personal use only
                   energy. connected.




                                           apa group
                                        annual report.
                                                 2018
           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




For personal use only
           Our
           Vision
           Energy affords us the quality of life we have
           come to expect in Australia. Affordable,
           reliable and sustainable energy is a basic
           expectation of Australians, both consumers
           and businesses. We live in a country with
           bountiful energy resources, and yet in
           recent times, we’ve incurred rising energy
           bills and concerns about having sufficient
           energy supply to meet demand.
           As a leading energy infrastructure
           business, APA is committed to playing its
           part within the broader energy sector to
           work towards solving Australia’s energy
           trilemma. A collaborative and innovative
           approach combining the commitments
           and skills of the whole energy supply
           chain and governments is what is
           required. As we work towards our vision
           of connecting Australia to its energy
           future, we will play our part in ensuring
           that energy is affordable, reliable and
           sustainable for us all.



           Construction of the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline in Queensland, commissioned in May 2018
                                                                  APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 01




                                                                  FY2018 IN REVIEW




For personal use only
                                                          02      Chairman’s Report
                                                          04      Managing Director’s Report
                                                          06      APA Leadership
                                                          08      Highlights

                                                                  AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST

                             Contents                     10
                                                          40
                                                                  Directors’ Report
                                                                  Remuneration Report
                                                          50      Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                  APT INVESTMENT TRUST
                                                          101     Directors’ Report
                                                          106     Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          125     Additional information
                                                          126     Five year summary
                                                          127     Investor information
                                                          S01     Sustainability Report



                              Our
                              Strategy


                                            MAINTAIN APA’S
                                            FINANCIAL
                                            STRENGTH




                        GROWTH FOCUS TO ENHANCE
                        OUR PORTFOLIO OF:
                        gas transmission pipelines
                        power generation:
                        gas-fired and renewables
                        mid-stream energy
                        infrastructure assets, including gas
                        storage and gas processing




                                                               CONTINUE TO STRENGTHEN
                                                               ASSET MANAGEMENT,
                                                               DEVELOPMENT AND
                                                               OPERATIONAL CAPABILITIES
           02 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           chairman’s report.



                                                                                              APA’s vision is to connect Australia to its energy future.
                                                                                              That future has rapidly evolved particularly in recent years,




For personal use only
                                                                                              with influences from both domestic circumstances such
                                                                                              as our dynamic energy markets and government policy,
                                                                                              and globally with demand for Australia’s energy resources
                                                                                              and calls for action on climate change. APA plays a key
                                                                                              role in enabling Australian consumers and businesses
                                                                                              to have access to affordable, reliable and sustainable
                                                                                              energy. During the 2018 financial year, we stepped up our
                                                                                              commitment to this role, working with industry and our
                                                                                              customers and investing over $700 million in new organic
                                                                                              growth projects that will contribute to providing a solution
                                                                                              to Australia’s energy trilemma.
                                                                                              In my first year as your Chairman, I am delighted to share
                                                                                              some highlights about the progress APA has made in
                                                                                              delivering on its strategy this past financial year.
                                                                                              Since its inception in 2000, APA has gone from strength
                                                                                              to strength and our disciplined investment approach has
                                                                                              delivered a portfolio of assets that we own and/or operate
                                                                                              of over $20 billion. APA’s vision to connect Australia to
                                                                                              its energy future is being realised as we progress our
                                                                                              strategic growth trajectory and continue to deliver value
                                                                                              for our Securityholders.
                                                                                              Financial results
                                                                                              In FY2018, APA has presented the market with a solid
                                                                                              set of financial results. Revenue has increased by 2.8 per
                                                                                              cent to $1,941.4 million (1). Off the back of the growth
                                                                                              that we continue to deliver, earnings before interest, tax,
                                                                                              depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) have increased by
                                                                                              3.3 per cent to $1,518.5 million and net profit after tax has
                                                                                              increased by 11.8 per cent to $264.8 million.
                                                                                              The very nature of APA’s business enables predictable
                                                                                              results for our Securityholders that are largely unaffected
                                                                                              by market conditions. This is achieved through the longevity
                                                                                              of our contracts to supply energy and services to our
                                                                                              customers. These contracts, in turn, support the ongoing
                                                                                              investment in our infrastructure. Over the last few years,
                                                                                              the Australian market has been challenged by fluctuating
                                                                                              commodity prices. We are conscious that the relative
                                                                                              price of these commodities may have an impact on our
                                                                                              customer’s demand for infrastructure in the future. By
                                                                                              applying a customer centric approach, APA sees itself as an
                                                                                              energy industry team player with the ability to offer flexible
                                                                                              services that meet our customers’ long-term needs.
                                                                                              Our total distributions for FY2018 of 45 cents per security
                                                                                              represent a 3.4 per cent increase over distributions for
                                                                                              FY2017. Securityholders have also benefited from a total of
                                                                                              6.33 cents per security of franking credits which accompany
                                                                                              the distributions. In accordance with our distribution policy,
                                                                                              distributions have been fully covered by operating cash
                                                                                              flows. A portion of these cash flows have also been retained
                                                                                              within the business to support our ongoing growth.
                                                                                              With growth continuing to drive our strategy, we are
                                                                                              working on in excess of $1.4 billion of growth projects that
                                                                                              have been agreed with our customers to meet their future
                                                                                              energy needs. In FY2018, APA commissioned the Emu
                                                                                              Downs Solar Farm, Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline, the
                                                                                              Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline and the Yamarna Gas Pipeline.




           1) Total revenue, excluding pass-through (revenue on which no margin is earned).
                                                                                                                                 APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 03




                        These assets will all contribute to earnings in FY2019 and                       In FY2018, we farewelled Mr Leonard Bleasel AM as
                        beyond. Operating cash flow for FY2018 increased by 5.9                          Chairman of the APA Board after ten successful years




For personal use only
                        per cent to $1,031.6 million. Operating cash flow per security                   at the Board’s helm. I was delighted to follow in Len’s
                        held strong and increased by 4.1 per cent to 90.7 cents per                      footsteps and accept the position as Chairman, after
                        security, despite over 65 million new securities being issued                    contributing in my role as an APA Non-Executive Director
                        during FY2018 as part of the $500 million equity capital                         since 2015. APA’s Board also saw Non-Executive Director Mr
                        raise that was undertaken in February.                                           John Fletcher retire and welcomed two new Non-Executive
                                                                                                         Directors, Ms Shirley In’t Veld and Mr Peter Wasow who
                        Delivering for stakeholders                                                      each have a wealth of experience to help navigate the
                        Our success is not only judged by the value created                              opportunities and challenges facing the energy market.
                        for Securityholders, but from our ability to service our                         During the year, Non-Executive Director Ms Patricia
                        customers’ long-term energy infrastructure needs. In                             McKenzie announced her intention to retire at the 2018
                        FY2018, APA was one of 15 energy supply chain businesses                         Annual Meeting. Given the CKI proposal, I am delighted to
                        that pledged to develop a consumer charter, putting                              advise that Patricia has agreed to continue as a Director
                        customers first. We believe that for APA to continue to                          beyond the Annual Meeting.
                        succeed, we need to be delivering for our customers and
                        Australia’s energy users. Instilling customer confidence in                      CKI Consortium Proposal
                        the energy industry requires an industry-wide commitment                         As at the time of writing this Report, there have been no
                        across the supply chain for both gas and electricity. At the                     further developments to the proposed transaction between
                        heart of The Energy Charter is an assurance to improve                           APA and the CKI Consortium since the announcement
                        the culture throughout the energy industry by putting the                        by APA on 13 August 2018 that both parties had entered
                        customer at the centre of each of our business decisions.                        into a binding Implementation Agreement for the CKI
                        At APA we are committed to The Energy Charter and                                Consortium to acquire 100 per cent of APA’s securities.
                        developing a culture of customer focus and good conduct                          Your Board believes the Offer of $11.00 cash per security
                        across the business.                                                             is compelling for APA Securityholders and we unanimously
                                                                                                         recommend it to you. It represents a premium of over 30
                        Energy policy                                                                    per cent (2) on the price APA securities were trading at prior
                        Throughout FY2018, national energy policy remained highly                        to the announcement on 13 June 2018 and an FY2017
                        topical within Australia. As policy makers seek to tackle                        Enterprise Value/EBITDA multiple of 15.3 times and FY2018
                        the energy ‘trilemma’ and solve a decade-long failure to                         Enterprise Value/EBITDA of 14.8 times (3). We will keep
                        effectively integrate energy and climate policy, ongoing                         Securityholders informed as the transaction progresses,
                        uncertainty prevails in the market. This affects investment                      with the expectation of a Securityholder meeting and vote
                        decisions, prices and energy reliability for Australian                          on the Schemes to be held in late November 2018.
                        consumers and businesses.
                                                                                                         Outlook
                        Policy certainty and clarity are the crucial components
                                                                                                         The past year has provided Securityholders with continued
                        to maintaining investment confidence in Australia. This
                                                                                                         growth, as APA has delivered solid financial performance
                        requires a collaborative approach with the energy industry
                                                                                                         and further creation of value. Going forward, we will
                        and governments working together. APA continues to
                                                                                                         certainly continue to act in your best interests to ensure the
                        support integrated energy and climate policies that will
                                                                                                         best possible returns.
                        meet Australia’s carbon reduction commitments, whilst
                        ensuring affordability and reliability.                                          APA’s guidance for FY2019 is for EBITDA of between
                                                                                                         $1,550 million and $1,575 million and net interest costs of
                        In this context, APA continues to encourage the
                                                                                                         between $500 million and $510 million. In the event that
                        development of a bipartisan national energy policy which
                                                                                                         the CKI proposal does not proceed and APA remains as a
                        will give that certainty for future investment in the sector.
                                                                                                         stand-alone listed company for the full financial year, total
                        Gas remains a viable, low-emissions fuel supply that
                                                                                                         distributions per security are expected to be in the order of
                        Australia has in abundance.
                                                                                                         46.5 cents per security, prior to the benefits of any franking
                        Governance                                                                       credits that may arise as a result of the ongoing payment
                        Throughout FY2018, I have had the opportunity to                                 of company tax by APA.
                        meet directly with investors, listening to their feedback                        On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our Managing
                        about APA’s strategic direction, board composition and                           Director Mick McCormack, the APA leadership team
                        remuneration report.                                                             and APA’s employees for their contribution this year.
                                                                                                         Importantly, I would also like to thank all our Securityholders
                                                                                                         for your continued support.




                                                                                                         Michael Fraser
                                                                                                         Chairman

                        2) The value of $11.00 per security represents a 30%-35% premium to the 12 June 2018 trading price based on the 5 day, 1 month and 3 month volume weighted
                           average prices of $8.434, $8.374 and $8.144 respectively.
                        3) Based on 1,179,893,848 APA stapled securities on issue, APA net debt as at 30 June 2018 as per Note 18 of the FY2018 financial statements, APA FY2017 EBITDA
                           of A$1,470.1 million for the FY2017 multiple and APA FY2018 EBITDA of A$1,518.5 million for the FY2018 multiple.
           04 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           managing director’s report.



           At APA, we have always looked to continually improve            The APA Way is a blueprint that guides how our employees
           our business, leverage our strengths and deliver for our        are expected to behave and ultimately, defines how we




For personal use only
           stakeholders. The solid 2018 financial year results reflect     strive to manage our business. At its core, our five STARS
           the success of our approach and as we work towards              values drive our behaviours and these are supported by
           completing the $1.4 billion plus of committed growth            the five principles of our Decision Compass, which guide
           projects in FY2019, we are on track to continue this success.   the way we make decisions. The APA Way and our Code of
                                                                           Conduct will help us achieve our vision by ensuring the way
           Without our customers, there would be no APA. In FY2018,        we work and do business aligns with the expectations of all
           we commenced a program to foster a greater customer             of our stakeholders.
           centric mindset across the business. The energy industry
           has had a tough couple of years in terms of regulatory          Strategy
           intervention and political focus. Much of this has stemmed      As part of our overall strategy, we continued to deliver
           from the view that the industry is not meeting society’s        customer focused energy solutions whilst engaging
           expectations, particularly when it comes to energy              positively with the communities and respecting the
           affordability and consumer trust is at an all-time low.         environment in which we operate. Our $1.4 billion plus
           For Australian businesses to do well in the longer term,        pipeline of growth projects continues to be realised with
           the entire energy industry needs to be delivering for           the commissioning of a variety of new energy infrastructure
           consumers. I am very proud that APA is a foundation             assets across Australia as detailed in the Chairman’s
           member of The Energy Charter initiative. This commitment        Report. We also announced a number of significant
           to put customers at the centre of Australia’s energy            contracts and renewals, as well as a new solar farm
           system by each of these businesses is a major step in           development at Badgingarra in Western Australia and the
           solving Australia’s energy trilemma and meeting                 potential Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline in Victoria linking
           community expectations.                                         AGL’s proposed floating LNG regasification terminal to
                                                                           APA’s East Coast Grid (subject to AGL FID).
           In the past year, energy continued to be a highly charged
           and emotive political issue in Australia with any bipartisan    During a year when much uncertainty was generated
           energy policy still to be agreed. Various mechanisms have       with the introduction of the new gas pipelines arbitration
           been touted to address the issues including the Finkel          and disclosure regimes, APA’s reliable, low risk business
           Review and resultant draft National Energy Guarantee.           model and pro-active approach of innovative continual
           At APA, we are acutely aware that gas is critical to energy     improvement came to the fore. In particular, we continued
           security, affordability and sustainability, now and into the    to manage counterparty risks by diversifying our customer
           future. Gas-fired power generation is critical to keeping       and industry exposure, assessing counterparties’
           electricity prices down and Australian businesses viable.       creditworthiness and entering into long-term contracts
           Gas currently accounts for around 40 per cent of mid merit      to support major capital spend. As testament to this, the
           and peaking generation capacity in the National Electricity     average contract tenor at APA is in excess of 12 years and
           Market. Governments and the energy industry need to work        all contracts and renewals have continued to be negotiated
           collaboratively to make more gas available and therefore        with our customers.
           affordable. Whether supporting gas import terminals or
           unlocking additional gas resources that Australia is rich       Growth and securityholder value
           with, it is important that all stakeholders work together       In FY2017, we embarked upon a three year growth program
           to facilitate and develop new projects, communicating           which will see APA invest in excess of $1.4 billion in a variety
           the facts and evidence to be considered in a well               of energy infrastructure growth projects. As at the end of
           informed public debate.                                         FY2018, we had committed $1 billion in capital expenditure
                                                                           with the balance to be realised in FY2019. We estimate the
           Safety and our people remain a priority                         additional revenue contribution from these new assets to
           The importance of fostering a workplace culture that            be in excess of $75 million in FY2019, increasing to over
           operates safely is a key driver at APA. Compliance with         $215 million per annum in FY2020.
           our health, safety and environmental (HSE) obligations
           shows continuous improvement and we are working to              And still we see more growth in front of us with in excess of
           build a sustainable future across our workforce. In FY2018,     $4 billion of growth opportunities currently identified over
           we completed an overhaul of our Alcohol & Other Drugs           the next four to five years. These opportunities range across
           Policy and protocols and launched an online Health and          gas pipeline developments, gas and renewables power
           Wellbeing platform for employees. Despite our team’s best       generation and other opportunities that are currently at
           efforts, the Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate result      various stages of development. Despite the challenges
           of 8.9 exceeded its target, predominantly due to contractor     of continual regulatory reform initiatives and an offer to
           injuries. This indicates that we still have some work to do     acquire our business, the APA team has remained focused
           to ensure procedures are in place to keep all of our workers    on delivering for its customers and growth.
           safe. We will use data analytics as part of initiatives         Long term view
           to improve injury performance including contractor              As we have detailed in the 2018 Sustainability Report which
           performance and management, manual handling and                 is contained in this report, APA recognises that climate
           hand injury prevention.                                         change is a risk that warrants our consideration both as
           In FY2018, APA introduced stakeholder engagement                a business and as a good global citizen. APA is supportive
           initiatives as a way to drive best practice in our strategic    of Australia’s commitment under the Paris Agreement to
           thinking and across our operations. These initiatives, such     reduce emissions by between 26 and 28 per cent on 2005
           as articulating the APA Way and revising our Code of            levels by 2030. To meet these emissions reductions, major
           Conduct, contributed to enhancing a more progressive            changes are required for the Australian energy industry.
           and customer centric corporate culture.
                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 05




                        We are also aware that the physical impacts of climate
                        change may impact operational aspects of APA’s operations




For personal use only
                        and financial performance, such as: the ability to operate
                        in extreme conditions; maintenance requirements and
                        our ability to respond to extreme weather events; as well
                        as consequential changes in insurance costs; our supply
                        chain. To reinforce our commitment to improving APA’s
                        Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance,
                        we have initiated a new program and engaged an
                        external advisory firm to review APA’s strategic direction
                        for our ESG management and reporting. It is important
                        for the sustainability of any business to understand the
                        opportunities and risks associated with climate change and
                        how we incorporate those into our strategy. A plan is being
                        developed which will see a number of ESG initiatives rolled
                        out from FY2019 and beyond.
                        This financial year, APA has strengthened its advocacy in
                        environmental stewardship. We believe that gas is a viable,
                        lower-emissions fuel supply that can help respond to the
                        intermittent nature of renewable energy generation while
                        technology continues to evolve in energy generation.
                        APA continues to expand its renewable generation portfolio
                        with the commissioning of the Emu Downs Solar Farm
                        and the development of our Darling Downs Solar Farm and
                        Badgingarra Wind and Badgingarra Solar Farms.
                        APA’s extensive gas pipeline footprint was built with
                        Australia’s future in mind. Our assets are built for the
                        long term to meet our customers’ needs for long term
                        energy supply. Sustainable business practice is incorporated
                        into the way we work with all our stakeholders including
                        customers, the environment, community, employees
                        and investors.
                        Looking ahead
                        It is prudent to add that while APA has spent the past
                        18 years building a pipeline of energy infrastructure assets
                        and a growth trajectory to create securityholder value,
                        your Board, has advised its unanimous support for the
                        Implementation Agreement with the CKI Consortium
                        to acquire 100 per cent of APA. The compelling offer is
                        testament to APA’s success, evolving from a simple point-
                        to-point pipeline business with an enterprise value of
                        around $1 billion in 2000, to a business now being valued
                        by a potential acquirer at $22 billion.
                        Regardless of the outcome of the proposed transaction
                        which remains subject to a number of conditions, our
                        vision to connect Australia to its energy future, remains.
                        I believe that our burgeoning portfolio of infrastructure
                        assets will continue to deliver energy solutions to the
                        people, businesses and communities of Australia affordably,
                        efficiently and reliably for generations to come. I am very
                        proud to have been a part of APA’s growth and success
                        and to work alongside all 1,700 members of APA’s team
                        over the past year.




                        Mick McCormack
                        Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
           06 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           apa group board.




                 1                2                3                   4                 5                  6                  7                    8




For personal use only
             1                                     2                                      3                                         4
           Michael Fraser                         Michael (Mick) McCormack               Steven (Steve) Crane                      Debra (Debbie) Goodin
           BCom FCPA FTI MAICD                    BSurv GradDipEng MBA FAICD             BComm FAICD SF Fin                        BEc FCA MAICD
           Independent Chairman                   Chief Executive Officer and            Independent Director                      Independent Director
           Appointed 1 September 2015             Managing Director                      Appointed 1 January 2011                  Appointed 1 September 2015
           Appointed Chairman 27 October 2017     CEO – Appointed 1 July 2005
                                                  MD – Appointed 1 July 2006             Steve has over 30 years’ experience       Debbie has considerable experience
           Michael has more than 30 years’                                               in the financial services industry.       as a Non-Executive Director,
           experience in the Australian energy    Mick has over 35 years’ experience     His background is in investment           including as a member and Chair of
           industry. He has held various          in the energy infrastructure sector    banking, having previously been           Board Audit and Risk Committees.
           executive positions at AGL Energy      in Australia, and his career has       Chief Executive Officer of                She is currently a Director of ASX-
           culminating in his role as Managing    encompassed all aspects of the         ABN AMRO Australia and                    listed companies Senex Energy
           Director and Chief Executive           sector, including commercial           BZW Australia.                            Limited, oOh!media Limited and
           Officer for the period of seven        development, design, construction,                                               Atlas Arteria Limited, and Chairs
                                                                                         Steve has considerable experience
           years until February 2015.             operation and management of                                                      the Audit and Risk Committees
                                                                                         as a Non-Executive Director of
           Michael is a Non-Executive Director    most of Australia’s natural gas                                                  of Senex Energy Limited and
                                                                                         listed entities. He is currently
           of Aurizon Holdings Limited. He        pipelines and gas distribution                                                   oOh!media Limited and Chairs
                                                                                         Chairman of nib holdings limited
           is also a former Chairman of           systems. His experience extends                                                  the Remuneration Committee for
                                                                                         and the Taronga Conservation
           the Clean Energy Council, Elgas        to gas-fired and renewable power                                                 Atlas Arteria Limited. She was
                                                                                         Society Australia.
           Limited, ActewAGL and the              generation, gas processing, LNG                                                  formerly a Director of Ten Network
                                                  and underground storage.               He was formerly Chairman of               Holdings Limited.
           NEMMCo Participants Advisory                                                  Adelaide Managed Funds Limited
           Committee, as well as a former         Mick is a former Director of                                                     Debbie also has extensive executive
                                                                                         and Investa Property Group
           Director of Queensland Gas             Envestra (now Australian Gas                                                     experience in operations, finance
                                                                                         Limited, a Director of Bank of
           Company Limited, the Australian        Networks), the Australian Pipeline                                               and corporate development,
                                                                                         Queensland Limited, Transfield
           Gas Association and the Energy         Industry Association (now                                                        including with engineering and
                                                                                         Services Limited, Adelaide Bank
           Retailers Association of Australia.    Australian Pipelines and Gas                                                     professional services firms, and is a
                                                                                         Limited, Foodland Associated
           Michael is a member of the Audit       Association) and the Australian                                                  Fellow of Chartered Accountants
                                                                                         Limited and APA Ethane Limited,
           and Risk Management Committee          Brandenburg Orchestra.                                                           Australia and New Zealand.
                                                                                         the responsible entity of Ethane
           and the Chairman of the                                                       Pipeline Income Fund, and a               Debbie is the Chairman of the
           Nomination Committee.                   6                                     member of the Advisory Council            Audit and Risk Management
                                                  Shirley In’t Veld                      for CIMB Securities International         Committee, a member of the
             5                                    BCom LLB (Hons)                        (Australia) Pty Ltd.                      Health Safety and Environment
                                                  Independent Director                   Steve is a member of the Audit            Committee and a member of the
           Russell Higgins AO                                                                                                      Nomination Committee.
           BEc FAICD
                                                  Appointed 19 March 2018                and Risk Management Committee
                                                                                         and a member of the People and
           Independent Director                   Shirley has considerable expertise                                                8
                                                                                         Remuneration Committee.
           Appointed 7 December 2004              and experience in the energy,
                                                  mining and renewables sectors.                                                   Peter Wasow
           Russell has extensive experience                                               7                                        BCom, GradDip (Management)
           both locally and internationally, in   Shirley is currently a Non-Executive                                             Fellow (CPA Australia)
           the energy sector and in economic      Director with Northern Star            Patricia McKenzie
                                                                                         LLB FAICD                                 Independent Director
           and fiscal policy. He was Secretary    Resources Limited and NBN Co                                                     Appointed 19 March 2018
           and Chief Executive Officer of the     Limited and Deputy Chair of            Independent Director
                                                  CSIRO. She is formerly a Non-          Appointed 1 January 2011                  Peter has extensive experience
           Department of Industry, Science
           and Resources from 1997 to 2002        Executive Director of Perth Airport,                                             in the resources sector as both a
                                                                                         Patricia has considerable expertise
           and Chairman of the Australian         DUET Group, Asciano Limited,                                                     senior executive and director. He
                                                                                         and experience in energy market
           Government’s Energy Task Force         Alcoa of Australia Limited and a                                                 retired as Managing Director and
                                                                                         regulation and extensive corporate
           from 2003 to 2004.                     Council Member of the Chamber                                                    Chief Executive Officer of Alumina
                                                                                         legal experience. She is currently
                                                  of Commerce and Industry of                                                      Limited in mid-2017. Previously, he
           Russell is a Director of Telstra                                              Chair of Essential Energy.
                                                  Western Australia. She was also                                                  had held the position of Executive
           Corporation Limited and Chairman                                              Patricia was formerly the Chair
                                                  the Managing Director of Verve                                                   Vice President and Chief Financial
           of Argo Investments Limited                                                   and a Director of Healthdirect
                                                  Energy (2007 – 2012) and, before                                                 Officer at Santos Limited and,
           and of Argo Global Listed                                                     Australia; a Director of Macquarie
                                                  that, she worked for 10 years in                                                 in a 20-year plus career at BHP,
           Infrastructure Limited.                                                       Generation, TransGrid and the
                                                  senior roles at Alcoa of Australia,                                              he held senior positions including
           He is a former Chairman of the         WMC Resources Ltd, Bond                Australian Energy Market Operator         Vice President, Finance, and other
           Global Carbon Capture and              Corporation and BankWest.              Limited (AEMO), the national              senior roles in Petroleum, Services,
           Storage Institute, the CSIRO                                                  energy market operator for                Corporate, Steel and Minerals.
                                                  In 2014, she was Chairman of the
           Energy Transformed Flagship                                                   electricity and gas; and formerly
                                                  Queensland Government Expert                                                     Peter is a Non-Executive Director
           Advisory Committee and Snowy                                                  the Chief Executive Officer of
                                                  Electricity Panel and a member                                                   with Oz Minerals Limited and the
           Hydro, as well as a former Director                                           Gas Market Company Limited,
                                                  of the Renewable Energy Target                                                   privately held GHD Group. He is
           of Leighton Holdings Limited,                                                 the market administrator for
                                                  Review Panel for the Department                                                  formerly a Non-Executive Director
           Ricegrowers Limited (trading                                                  retail competition in the gas
                                                  of Prime Minister and Cabinet                                                    of Alcoa of Australia Limited, AWA
           as SunRice), St James Ethics                                                  industry in New South Wales and
                                                  and, was until recently, a Council                                               Brazil Limitada, AWAC LLC and
           Foundation, Australian Biodiesel                                              the Australian Capital Territory.
                                                  member of the Australian Institute                                               Alumina Limited.
           Group Limited, EFIC and the                                                   Patricia is a member of
                                                  of Company Directors (WA) and                                                    Peter is the Chair of the People
           CSIRO. He was also previously a                                               the Health Safety and
                                                  an Advisory Board member of                                                      and Remuneration Committee and
           member of the Prime Ministerial                                               Environment Committee,
                                                  the SMART Infrastructure Facility                                                a member of the Audit and Risk
           Task Group on Emissions Trading.                                              and a member of the People
                                                  (University of Wollongong).                                                      Management Committee.
           Russell is Chairman of the                                                    and Remuneration Committee.
                                                  Shirley is a member of
           Health Safety and Environment
                                                  the Health, Safety and
           Committee, a member of the
                                                  Environment Committee and
           Audit and Risk Management
                                                  a member of the People and
           Committee and a member of the
                                                  Remuneration Committee.
           Nomination Committee.
                                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 07




                        apa group senior management.




                             1                   2                    3                      4                    5                    6                    7




For personal use only
                         1                                      2                                     3                                      4

                        Nevenka Codevelle                      Peter Fredricson                      Ross Gersbach                          Kevin Lester
                        BCom LLM GAICD                         BCom CA GAICD                         BBus MAICD                             BEng(Civil) MIEAust GAICD
                        Group Executive Governance,            Chief Financial Officer               Chief Executive                        Group Executive
                        Risk and Legal                                                               Strategy and Development               Infrastructure Development
                                                               Peter is responsible for all
                        Nevenka is responsible for             financial aspects of APA Group,       Ross is responsible for APA Group’s    Kevin is responsible for the
                        APA Group's Secretariat and            including accounting and financial    strategy, energy investments,          project development, engineering,
                        Legal division. The division           reporting, financial compliance       regulatory and government affairs,     procurement and delivery of APA
                        comprises the company                  and governance, taxation, treasury,   environmental development, and         Group’s infrastructure expansion
                        secretarial, legal, and group          balance sheet management,             mergers and acquisitions.              projects. This division also has
                        risk and compliance functions.         capital strategy, insurance,          He has responsibility for further      responsibility for providing asset
                        Nevenka joined APA Group in            Investor Relations and                enhancing APA Group’s portfolio        engineering services, the technical
                        February 2008 and has held the         Information Technology.               of assets that complement              regulation of all pipeline related
                        role of General Counsel since June     Peter joined APA Group in June        the value of its infrastructure,       assets, procurement, engineering
                        2012. In October 2015, she also        2009. He has considerable             including APA Group’s investments      services and the provision of land,
                        assumed the role of Company            expertise in the listed energy        in midstream gas infrastructure,       approvals and asset protection
                        Secretary and joined the Executive     infrastructure sector and over        and the operation and                  services across APA.
                        team. Nevenka is a lawyer with         30 years’ experience in senior        development of these assets.           Kevin joined APA Group in
                        over 20 years' experience in           financial roles in energy             Ross was previously a Director         August 2012 continuing a career
                        energy and other infrastructure        infrastructure, financial services    of APA Group from 2004 to              in the management of major
                        industries, with particular focus      and investment banking                2008 joining the management            infrastructure projects, including
                        on project development, mergers        organisations across Australia,       team in April 2008 where he was        energy infrastructure.
                        and acquisitions, competition          New Zealand and Asia.                 responsible for all commercial         Kevin is a Director and a Past
                        and industry regulation.                                                     aspects of APA Group. He has           President of the Australian
                                                                6                                    over 20 years’ experience in senior    Pipelines and Gas Association.
                         5                                                                           positions across a range of energy
                                                               Sam Pearce                            related sectors, covering areas
                        Elise Manns                            BSc LLB MBA                           such as infrastructure investments,
                        BBus CAHRI                             Group Executive Networks              mergers and acquisitions
                        Group Executive                        & Power                               and strategic developments.
                        People, Safety and Culture                                                   Additionally, Ross has extensive
                                                               Sam is responsible for the
                        Elise is responsible for managing      operation and management of           commercial experience and
                        APA Group’s Human Resources            APA Group’s fully and minority        has managed a portfolio of
                        division, which covers APA’s people    owned gas distribution and            infrastructure assets in the natural
                        strategy, safety and environment       power generation and electricity      gas and electricity distribution
                        performance and governance             transmission assets, as well as for   network sector.
                        and all activities relating to APA’s   Australian Gas Networks’ assets.
                        people, their development, health                                             7
                                                               Sam joined APA Group in July
                        and wellbeing, and employment
                        arrangements.
                                                               2008 and was formerly General         Rob Wheals
                                                               Manager Corporate Development         BCom CA GAICD
                        Elise joined APA Group in May          and Investments. Sam has              Group Executive Transmission
                        2012 as General Manager Human          over 20 years’ experience in the
                        Resources and in October 2015          energy sector, covering mergers       Rob is responsible for the
                        joined the Executive team              and acquisitions, investment          management of APA Group’s
                        becoming Group Executive               management, commercial and            transmission and gas storage
                        Human Resources. Elise has a           business development, greenfields     assets including all aspects of
                        strong background in employment        project development, strategy         commercial and operational
                        relations and workplace change,        and operations.                       performance.
                        organisational restructuring and                                             Rob joined APA Group in
                        business improvement. Elise has                                              September 2008 and is responsible
                        over 25 years’ human resources                                               for managing APA’s customers
                        experience in Australia’s heavy                                              and revenue contracts, as well as
                        manufacturing, engineering,                                                  growing APA’s gas transmission
                        steel and utilities sectors.                                                 revenues. Rob is also responsible
                                                                                                     for managing all operational
                                                                                                     aspects of APA’s 15,000 kilometres
                                                                                                     of owned and operated gas
                                                                                                     transmission pipelines and
                                                                                                     gas storage facilities. Rob has
                                                                                                     over 20 years’ of experience in
                                                                                                     Australia and internationally,
                                                                                                     in energy infrastructure and
                                                                                                     telecommunications, across roles
                                                                                                     in finance, commercial, strategy,
                                                                                                     infrastructure investments and
                                                                                                     M&A, as well as regulatory.
           08 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           highlights FY2018.




                             $1,518.5m




For personal use only
                             earnings before interest,
                             tax, depreciation and
                             amortisation (EBITDA)



                             +3.3%
                             on FY2017




                             $875.5m $1,031.6m
                             total capital and investment                         operating cash flow
                             expenditure in FY2018



                             ~$425m                                               5.9%
                                                                                  on FY2017
                              Expected
                              in FY2019




                             $           11.6b                          Market capitalisation
                                                                         as at 30 June 2018




                             232mw
                             renewable power generation owned
                                                                                  45.0¢
                                                                                  FY2018 total distribution
                             and/or operated as at FY2018                         per security



                             257.5mw
                             under construction to
                                                                                  +3.4%
                                                                                   on FY2017
                             be completed in FY2019                               plus total franking credits




                             252km
                                                                                  of 6.33 cents per security




                             of new pipelines constructed and
                             commissioned in FY2018 connecting to
                             APA’s east and west coast pipeline grids
                                                                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 09




                        normalised business performance.
                                                                          (1)




                        EBITDA                                      Operating                            Revenue                                Operating cash                         Distributions                        Total
                        ($m)                                        cash flow (2)                        excluding                              flow per security (4)                  per security                         assets
                                                                    ($m)                                 pass‑through (3)                       (cents)                                (cents)                              ($b)
                                                                                                         ($m)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        1,941
                                                                                                                                1,888
                                                                                                                                                                              90.7                                   45.0
                                                                                                                                                                      87.1                                   43.5
                                                                                                 1,032                                                                                               41.5
                                                                                          974                           1,656
                                                                                                                                                              77.1                            38.0
                                                      1,518                                                                                                                                                                               14.8   15.0    15.2
                                              1,470                                862                                                                                                 36.3                                        14.7

                                      1,331

                                                                                                                1,119                                  54.6
                                                                                                         993                                    50.6
                                                                            545
                               822                                                                                                                                                                                          8.0
                        747                                         440




                        FY14   FY15   FY16    FY17    FY18          FY14    FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18    FY14   FY15    FY16    FY17    FY18    FY14   FY15   FY16    FY17    FY18     FY14   FY15   FY16    FY17    FY18   FY14   FY15   FY16   FY17    FY18




                        Financial results.

                        $ million                                                                                                                      30 June 2018                           30 June 2017                          Changes (%)
                        Revenue                                                                                                                                      2,386.7                                2,326.4                                     2.6
                        Revenue excluding pass-through (3)                                                                                                           1,941.4                                1,888.3                                     2.8
                        EBITDA                                                                                                                                       1,518.5                                1,470.1                                     3.3
                        Profit after tax                                                                                                                              264.8                                  236.8                                  11.8
                        Operating cash flow (2)                                                                                                                      1,031.6                                 973.9                                      5.9

                        Financial position
                        Total assets                                                                                                                             15,227.2                             15,046.0                                          1.2
                        Total drawn debt                      (5)
                                                                                                                                                                 8,810.4                                    9,249.7                                     4.7
                        Total equity                                                                                                                                 4,126.8                                3,978.2                                     3.9

                        Financial ratios
                        Operating cash flow per security (4) (cents)                                                                                                    90.7                                    87.1                                    3.8
                        Earnings per security (cents)                                                                                                                   23.3                                    21.2                                    9.4
                        Distribution per security (cents)                                                                                                               45.0                                   43.5                                     3.4
                        Distribution payout ratio (%)                                                                                                                    51.5                                  49.8                                     3.4
                        Gearing (6) (%)                                                                                                                                 65.4                                    67.4                                    3.0
                        Interest cover ratio (times)                                                                                                                         2.7                                    2.8                             (3.6)



                        1) Normalised financial results exclude significant items.
                        2) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
                        3) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned. Pass-through revenue arises in the asset management operations in respect of costs incurred and
                           passed on to Australian Gas Networks Limited (AGN) and GDI in respect of the operation of the AGN and GDI assets respectively.
                        4) On the 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable
                           renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer), resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2018 of 1,179,893,848. The Entitlement Offer was offered
                           at $7.70 per security, a discount to APA Group's closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the last trading day before the record date of
                           26 February 2018. The numbers of securities used for calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security from FY2018 to FY2014 have been
                           adjusted. An adjustment factor of 1.0038 has been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights
                           price (TERP) of $8.23 per security.
                           Between 23 December 2014 and 28 January 2015, APA issued a total of 278,556,562 new ordinary securities, resulting in total securities on issue of 1,114,307,369.
                           The weighted average number of securities for FY2015 has been adjusted to account for that rights issue.
                        5) APA’s liability to repay debt at relevant due dates of the drawn facilities. This amount represents current and non-current borrowings as per balance sheet and
                           is adjusted for deferred borrowing costs, the effect of unwinding of discount, unrealised foreign exchange differences reported in equity and deducting other
                           financial liabilities that are reported as part of borrowings in the balance sheet.
                        6) Gearing = net debt divided by net debt plus equity.
           10 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           Australian Pipeline Trust and its Controlled Entities (ARSN 091 678 778)
           Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2018
           The Directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (Responsible Entity) submit their financial report of Australian Pipeline Trust
           (APT) and its controlled entities (together APA or Consolidated Entity) for the year ended 30 June 2018. This report refers to




For personal use only
           the consolidated results of APT and APT Investment Trust (APTIT).
           1. Directors
           The names of the Directors of the Responsible Entity during the year and since the year end are:
           Michael Fraser                     Chairman from 27 October 2017
           Michael (Mick) McCormack           Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
           Steven (Steve) Crane
           Debra (Debbie) Goodin
           Russell Higgins AO
           Patricia McKenzie
           Shirley In’t Veld                  Appointed 19 March 2018
           Peter Wasow                        Appointed 19 March 2018
           Leonard Bleasel AM                 Retired as Chairman and Director 27 October 2017
           John Fletcher                      Retired as a Director 21 February 2018

           The Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity during and since the year to 30 June 2018 is Nevenka Codevelle.
           2. Principal Activities
           The principal activities of APA during the course of the year were the ownership and operation of energy infrastructure assets
           and businesses, including:
           — energy infrastructure, comprising gas transmission, gas storage and processing; and gas-fired and renewable energy
             power generation businesses located across Australia;
           — asset management services for the majority of APA’s energy investments and for third parties; and
           — energy investments in unlisted entities.
           3. State of Affairs
           On 13 June 2018, APA announced that an unsolicited, indicative non-binding proposal had been received from a consortium
           comprising CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited (CKI), CK Asset Holdings Limited (CKA) and Power Assets Holdings Limited
           (PAH) (together, the Consortium), to acquire all of the stapled securities in APA. The indicative price proposed by the
           Consortium was $11.00 cash per stapled security, plus the final six months distribution for FY2018 of 24.0 cents per stapled
           security to be paid in September as scheduled. The Board considered it was in the best interests of Securityholders to further
           engage with the Consortium and allow due diligence which was undertaken during June – August 2018.
           Subsequently, on 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CKI,
           CKA, PAH and CKM Australia Bidco Pty Ltd (Bidder) under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of
           the stapled securities in APA under trust schemes (Schemes).
           If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per APA stapled security. The transaction
           does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year, which the Board announced on 22 August 2018, will be 24.0
           cents per stapled security, and will be paid on 12 September 2018.
           If the Schemes are implemented at any time after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional
           distribution of 4.0 cents per APA stapled security for each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation
           of the Schemes (up to, and including, March 2019).
           Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions outlined in the Implementation Agreement (a copy of which
           was attached to APA’s ASX announcement on 13 August 2018). The conditions include:
           — Approval of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and the Foreign Investment Review Board;
           — An Independent Expert opining that the Schemes are fair and reasonable and in the best interests of APA Securityholders;
           — No “material change” or “prescribed events” occurring in relation to APA;
           — CKA shareholder approval;
           — APA Securityholder approval; and
           — Court approval.
           The APA Directors unanimously recommend the transaction in the absence of a superior proposal and subject to an
           Independent Expert concluding (and continuing to conclude) that the Schemes are fair and reasonable and in the best
           interests of APA Securityholders.
           Depending on the progress of regulatory approvals, a meeting of APA Securityholders is targeted to be held in late
           November 2018 to consider the Schemes, with implementation and payment to APA Securityholders targeted to occur in
           mid December 2018.
                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 11




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        4. Subsequent Events
                        The following events have occurred subsequent to the period end:
                        — On 2 July 2018 a new $1,000 million syndicated bank facility came into effect. This new facility has two tranches maturing
                          on 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2023 respectively.
                        — On 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CKI, CKA,




For personal use only
                          PAH and CKM Bidder under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of the stapled securities in
                          APA under trust schemes (Schemes). If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per
                          stapled security. The transaction does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year. If the Schemes are
                          implemented at any time after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional distribution of 4.0 cents
                          per APA stapled security for each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation of the Schemes (up
                          to, and including, March 2019). Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions, including regulatory and
                          shareholder approvals.
                        — On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution of 24.0 cents per security ($283.2 million) for APA Group,
                          an increase of 4.3%, or 1.0 cent per security over the previous corresponding period (2H FY2017: 23.0 cents). This is
                          comprised of a distribution of 17.96 cents per security from APT and a distribution of 6.04 cents per security from APTIT.
                          The APT distribution represents a 8.93 cents per security fully franked profit distribution and 9.03 cents per security capital
                          distribution. The APTIT distribution represents a 2.90 cents per security profit distribution and a 3.14 cents per security
                          capital distribution. Franking credits of 3.83 cents per security will be allocated to the APT franked profit distribution. The
                          distribution is expected to be paid on 12 September 2018.
                        Other than what is noted above and as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there has not arisen in the interval between the
                        end of the full year to 30 June 2018 and the date of this report any matter or circumstance that has significantly affected,
                        or may significantly affect, the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state of affairs, in future
                        financial years.
                        5. About APA
                        5.1 APA overview
                        APA is a leading Australian energy infrastructure business. It owns and/or operates in excess of $20 billion of energy
                        infrastructure assets across Australia, and operates these with a skilled workforce of in excess of 1,700 people.
                        APA has a diverse portfolio of over 15,000 kilometres (1) of gas transmission pipelines that spans every state and territory
                        on mainland Australia and delivers about half the nation’s natural gas. It also owns or has interests in other related energy
                        infrastructure assets such as gas storage facilities, gas processing facilities, gas compression facilities and renewable and gas
                        fired power generation assets.
                        APA has ownership interests in, and/or operates, GDI (EII) Pty Ltd (GDI) and Australian Gas Networks Limited gas distribution
                        networks, which together own approximately 28,600 kilometres of gas mains and pipelines, and almost 1.4 million gas
                        consumer connections.
                        APA also has interests in other energy infrastructure assets and businesses, including SEA Gas Pipeline, Mortlake Gas Pipeline,
                        Energy Infrastructure Investments (EII) and EII2.
                        APA is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and is included in the S&P ASX 50 Index. Since listing in June 2000,
                        APA’s market capitalisation has increased more than 24-fold to $11.8 billion (2), and it has achieved securityholder returns of
                        17.8% (3) per annum on an annual compounding basis since listing on 13 June 2000 through to 20 August 2018.
                        5.2 APA objectives and strategies
                        APA will continue to be a leading energy infrastructure business, developing, owning and operating energy infrastructure.
                        We are committed to delivering connected and sustainable energy solutions that are safe, reliable, innovative and
                        cost‑effective so that all of our stakeholders are better off as we work together to create a connected and sustainable energy
                        future. Our strategy is as follows:
                        — Our growth focus is to enhance our portfolio:
                           – of gas transmission pipelines;
                           – of power generation: gas-fired and renewable; and
                           – of midstream energy infrastructure assets, including gas storage and gas processing.
                        — Continue to strengthen asset management, development and operational capabilities.
                        — Maintain APA’s financial strength.
                        These strategies are underpinned by the ‘APA Way’ – how we do business. This new blueprint was integrated into APA’s
                        culture and mindset during the reporting period. The APA Way is a combination of how we behave, guided by our values (our
                        ‘STARS’), and how we make decisions, guided by APA’s Decision Compass.




                        1) Owned and/or operated by APA.
                        2) Market capitalisation as at 20 August 2018.
                        3) Total securityholder return is the capital appreciation of APA’s security price, adjusted for capital management actions (such as security splits and consolidations)
                           and assuming reinvestment of distributions at the declared distribution rate per security. Figures quoted are sourced from IRESS.
           12 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           5.2 APA objectives and strategies (continued)
           Our ‘STARS’ values set the benchmark for how we operate to ensure business integrity:
           — Safe – We will maintain a safe environment and a professional workplace where staff work collaboratively, are valued and
             treated with respect.
           — Trustworthy – We act with honesty and integrity and accept individual and collective responsibility for the delivery of all




For personal use only
             business outcomes. We do what we say we are going to do.
           — Adaptable – We continually respond and adapt to our changing environment by innovating, modifying our behaviour and
             continually improving our processes and systems to take advantage of opportunities to enhance, improve and grow our business.
           — Results – We consistently meet our commitments and deliver excellent results to the benefit of our employees, customers,
             investors and the community through tenacity and perseverance.
           — Service – We are committed to high quality service delivery achieved through listening, understanding, anticipating and
             responding to our customer needs.
           Good decision-making is at the core of successful strategy execution and APA’s Decision Compass sets out clear principles for all
           our employees, empowering them to make good decisions with confidence. Employees and all decision makers right through to the
           Board, are encouraged to take a moment and ask “is this decision consistent with each of the key decision compass points” as below:
           — Do things safely
           — Take a long term focus
           — Manage APA money as if it’s our own
           — Do what we say we will do
           — Know our reputation matters
           The APA Way puts all employees on the same page, ensuring that the way we work and the many decisions we make are
           based on consistent values and principles, and are aligned to what we need to execute on our strategy.
           5.3 APA assets and operations
           APA is a major participant in developing, owning and operating natural gas transportation and energy infrastructure assets
           across Australia.
           APA’s assets and operations are reported in three principal business segments:
           — Energy Infrastructure, which includes all of APA’s wholly or majority owned pipelines, gas storage assets, gas compression
             and processing assets and gas-fired and renewable energy power generation assets;
           — Asset Management, which provides commercial, operating services and/or asset maintenance services to its energy
             investments and third parties for appropriate fees; and
           — Energy Investments, which includes APA’s strategic stakes in a number of investment vehicles that house energy infrastructure
             assets, generally characterised by long-term secure cash flows, with low ongoing capital expenditure requirements.




                        APA Group assets
                                                                                                 32
                        APA Group investments

                        APA managed (not owned by APA)

                        Integrated Operations Centre
                                                                                                            17
                        Wind farm
                                                                        26                                            32         8
                                                                   18   32
                        Solar farm
                                                                                                 NT
                        Gas storage facility

                        Gas processing plant                                                                                                    QLD
                                                                                       WA                                            2
                                                                                                                                                                                  34
                        Gas power station                                                             34                                                            5

                                                                        19                                                                                          3    32
                                                                                                                                                    4          6                       34
                                                                                                                                                                              1
                                                              25                            22
                                                                                  21                                                                            7
                                                                                                                                                                                        IOC
                                                                                                                                                                         32
                                                                                                           SA                                                                 32
                                                                                                                                                                                        29
                                                              27             23        20
                                                              28                                                                                         NSW
                                                                                                                                                    9               12
                                                                              24                                                               10
                                                         26                                                                                               11
                                                                                                                                 33
                                                                                                                 34

                                                                                                                                     32
                                                                                                                                          VIC
                                                                                                                       30                 13             34

                                                                                                                                          31
                                                                                                                            16                                 15
                                                                                                                                                    14




                                                                                                                                                        TAS
                                                                                                                APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 13




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        5.3 APA assets and operations (continued)
                        Energy Infrastructure assets (numbers correspond with those on the map on page 12)                                     Length (1)

                        East Coast and Central Region assets
                         1 Roma Brisbane Pipeline (including Peat Lateral)                                                                       583 km




For personal use only
                         2 Carpentaria Gas Pipeline                                                                                              944 km
                         3 Berwyndale Wallumbilla Pipeline                                                                                        112 km
                         4 South West Queensland Pipeline                                                                                        936 km
                         5 Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline (including Laterals)                                                                   556 km
                         6 Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline                                                                                        49 km
                         7 Darling Downs Solar Farm (2)                                                                                         110 MW
                         8 Diamantina and Leichhardt Power Stations                                                                   242 MW / 60 MW
                         9 Moomba Sydney Pipeline                                                                                             2,029 km
                        10 Ethane Pipeline                                                                                                     1,375 km
                        11 Central West Pipeline                                                                                                 255 km
                        12 Central Ranges Pipeline and                                                                                           295 km
                           Tamworth Gas Network (gas distribution)                               ~250 km of gas mains, ~3,600 gas consumer connections
                        13 Victorian Transmission System                                                                                       1,847 km
                        14 Dandenong LNG Storage Facility                                                                                12,000 tonnes
                        15 Orbost Gas Processing Plant (2) (with connection pipeline)                                                  12 km / ~70 TJ/d
                        16 SESA Pipeline                                                                                                           45 km
                        17 Amadeus Gas Pipeline (including Laterals)                                                                           1,661 km
                        West Australian assets
                        18 Pilbara Pipeline System                                                                                               249 km
                        19 Goldfields Gas Pipeline (88.2%)                                                                                     1,546 km
                        20 Eastern Goldfields Pipeline                                                                                           293 km
                        21 Yamarna Gas Pipeline                                                                                                  198 km
                        22 Yamarna Power Station                                                                                                 45 MW
                                                    (2)

                        23 Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline                                                                                                 5 km
                        24 Kalgoorlie Kambalda Pipeline                                                                                           44 km
                        25 Mid West Pipeline (50%)                                                                                               362 km
                        26 Parmelia Gas Pipeline                                                                                                 448 km
                        27 Mondarra Gas Storage and Processing Facility                                                                            18 PJ
                        28 Emu Downs Wind Farm                                                                                                  80 MW
                        28 Emu Downs Solar Farm                                                                                                  20 MW
                        28 Badgingarra Wind Farm                                                                                               130 MW
                                                     (2)

                        28 Badgingarra Solar Farm                                                                                              17.5 MW
                                                     (2)



                        		                                           Ownership
                        Energy Investment                              interest         Detail

                        29 GDI (EII)                           20%   Gas distribution: Allgas Gas Network ~3,630 km of gas mains,
                        			 ~108,500 gas consumer connections in Qld and NSW
                        30 South East Australia Gas Pty Ltd    50%   Gas pipeline: 687 km SEA Gas Pipeline
                        31 SEA Gas (Mortlake) Partnership      50%   Gas pipeline: 83 km Mortlake Gas Pipeline
                        32 Energy Infrastructure Investments  19.9%  Gas pipelines: Telfer/Nifty Gas Pipelines and lateral (488 km);
                        			 Bonaparte Gas Pipeline (286 km); Wickham Point Pipeline (12 km)
                        			Electricity transmission cables: Murraylink (180 km) and Directlink (64 km)
                        			Gas-fired power stations: Daandine Power Station (30MW)
                        			 and X41 Power Station (41 MW)
                        			Gas processing facilities: Kogan North (12 TJ/d); Tipton West (33 TJ/d)
                        33 EII2                              20.2%   Wind generation: North Brown Hill Wind Farm (132MW), SA
                        34 Australian Gas Networks               Nil Gas distribution: ~24,710 km of gas mains and pipelines, ~1.28 million
                        			 gas consumer connections, 1,124 km of transmission gas pipelines in
                        			 SA, Vic, NSW, Qld & NT

                        6. Financial Overview
                        Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) and EBIT before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) excluding significant items
                        are financial measures not prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards (AIFRS) and represent the profit under AIFRS
                        adjusted for specific significant items. The Directors consider these measures to reflect the core earnings of the Consolidated
                        Entity, and therefore these are described in this report as ‘normalised’ measures.

                        1) Pipeline capacities are available online (www.apa.com.au).
                        2) Assets under construction.
           14 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6. Financial Overview (continued)
           For the financial year to 30 June 2018, APA reported EBITDA of $1,518.5 million, an increase of 3.3% or $48.4 million on the
           previous corresponding period EBITDA of $1,470.1 million. This is slightly above the upper level of APA’s guidance range of
           $1,475 million to $1,510 million, as advised at the announcement of our FY2017 results and reconfirmed at our 1HFY18 results.
           Total revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) increased by $53.1 million to $1,941.4 million, an increase of 2.8% on the




For personal use only
           previous corresponding period (FY2017: $1,888.3 million).
           Increased revenues and EBITDA were primarily attributable to:
           — part year contributions from newly commissioned organic growth assets including the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline
             (QLD), Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline (WA) and the Emu Downs Solar Farm (WA). Less than $5 million in revenue in FY2018
             was from the new growth projects, with the full accretive impact from these projects to flow from FY2019;
           — new gas transportation contracts across APA’s East and West Coast Grids, and a new mining customer for the Diamantina
             Power Station; and
           — US CPI escalation and favourable USD/AUD exchange rates in relation to the Wallumbilla Gas Pipeline.
           The solid FY2018 results endorse APA’s prudent and consistent strategy of pursuing secure and sustainable growth
           opportunities that earn fair commercial returns. The astute investments, acquisitions and organic growth developments over
           the last 18 years, continue to sustain the business as it undertakes the largest growth expansion capital spend in the Group’s
           history. Across the three-year period of FY2017 to FY2019, APA will spend in excess of $1.4 billion on committed growth
           projects, all of which will contribute to future operating cash flow.
           In FY2018, operating cash flow was $1,031.6 million. This represents an increase of 5.9% or $57.7 million over the previous
           year (FY2017: $973.9 million), with operating cash flow per security increasing by 4.1%, or 3.6 cents, to 90.7 cents per security
           (FY2017: 87.1 (4) cents per security).
           On 22 August 2018, the Directors announced a final distribution of 24.0 cents per security, which will take APA’s distributions in
           respect of the financial year to a total of 45.0 cents per security. This represents an increase of 3.4%, or 1.5 cents, over FY2017
           distributions of 43.5 cents. Franking credits of 3.83 cents per security will be allocated to the final distribution, resulting in the
           FY2018 franking credits totalling 6.33 cents per security. APA maintains a sustainable distribution policy to ensure its ability to
           fully fund its distributions out of operating cash flows on a going forward sustainable basis, whilst also retaining appropriate
           levels of cash in the business to support ongoing growth. APA’s distributions have consistently increased every year for the 18
           years the company has been listed.
           The following table provides a summary of key financial data for FY2018.
                                                                                        30 June 2018            30 June 2017                              Changes
                                                                                               $000                   $000                     $000                         %

           Total revenue                                                                     2,386,722               2,326,420                60,302                    2.6%
           Pass-through revenue (a)                                                            445,307                  438,140                  7,167                  1.6%
           Total revenue excluding pass-through                                                1,941,415             1,888,280                 53,135                   2.8%

           EBITDA                                                                             1,518,474               1,470,122               48,352                    3.3%
           Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                              (578,916)              (570,021)                (8,895)                 (1.6%)
           EBIT                                                                                939,558                  900,101                39,457                   4.4%
           Finance costs and interest income                                                  (509,664)                (513,767)                4,103                  0.8%
           Profit before income tax                                                             429,894                 386,334               43,560                   11.3%
           Income tax expense                                                                 (165,055)                (149,488)              (15,567)               (10.4%)
           Profit after income tax                                                             264,839                  236,846                27,993                  11.8%

           Operating cash flow (b)                                                            1,031,627                 973,936                57,691                   5.9%
           Operating cash flow per security (cents)                                                90.7                      87.1                  3.6                  4.1%
           Earnings per security (cents)                                                            23.3                     21.2                   2.1                 9.9%
           Distribution per security (cents)                                                       45.0                     43.5                   1.5                  3.4%
           Distribution payout ratio (c)                                                          51.5%                   49.8%                  1.7%                   3.4%
           Weighted average number of securities (000) (d)                                    1,136,875                1,118,523               18,352                   1.6%

           Notes: Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
           a) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned. Pass-through revenue arises in the asset management operations in respect of costs incurred in,
              and passed on to Australian Gas Networks Limited (AGN) and GDI in respect of the operation of the AGN and GDI assets respectively.
           b) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
           c) Distribution payout ratio = total distribution applicable to the financial year as a percentage of operating cash flow.
           d) On the 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable
              renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer), resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2018 of 1,179,893,848. The Entitlement Offer was offered
              at $7.70 per security, a discount to APA Group’s closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the last trading day before the record date
              of 26 February 2018. The number of securities used for FY2018 and FY2017 calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security have
              been adjusted.

           4) Operating cash flow per security has been adjusted for the Entitlement Offer completed on the 23 March 2018. An adjustment factor of 1.0038 has been
              calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights price (TERP) of $8.23 per security.
                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 15




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7. Business Segment Performances and Operational Review
                        Statutory reported revenue and EBITDA performance of APA’s business segments is set out in the table below.
                                                                             30 June 2018      30 June 2017                      Changes
                                                                                                                $000                    $000                   $000           %




For personal use only
                        Revenue
                        Energy Infrastructure
                          East Coast: Queensland                                                            1,153,214               1,114,428                  38,786      3.5%
                          East Coast: New South Wales                                                        166,506                 176,000                   (9,494)    (5.4%)
                          East Coast: Victoria                                                               153,699                  156,946                  (3,247)    (2.1%)
                          East Coast: South Australia                                                           2,998                    2,958                     40      1.4%
                          Northern Territory                                                                   32,861                  30,932                   1,929      6.2%
                          Western Australia                                                                  294,681                  291,728                   2,953      1.0%
                        Energy Infrastructure total                                                        1,803,959                1,772,992                  30,967      1.7%
                        Asset Management                                                                     108,537                   86,424                   22,113    25.6%
                        Energy Investments                                                                    23,068                   24,382                   (1,314)   (5.4%)
                        Total segment revenue                                                              1,935,564               1,883,798                   51,766      2.7%
                        Pass-through revenue                                                                 445,307                 438,140                     7,167     1.6%
                        Unallocated revenue         (a)
                                                                                                                 5,851                  4,482                   1,369     30.5%
                        Total revenue                                                                      2,386,722               2,326,420                   60,302      2.6%

                        EBITDA
                        Energy Infrastructure
                          East Coast: Queensland                                                              962,231                925,366                   36,865     4.0%
                          East Coast: New South Wales                                                         147,095                 149,484                  (2,389)    (1.6%)
                          East Coast: Victoria                                                                124,631                123,008                    1,623      1.3%
                          East Coast: South Australia                                                            2,577                   2,319                    258      11.1%
                          Northern Territory                                                                   22,923                   18,771                  4,152     22.1%
                          Western Australia                                                                  237,639                  234,724                   2,915      1.2%
                        Energy Infrastructure total                                                        1,497,096                1,453,672                  43,424     3.0%
                        Asset Management                                                                      66,204                   58,719                   7,485     12.7%
                        Energy Investments                                                                    23,068                   24,382                   (1,314)   (5.4%)
                        Corporate costs                                                                       (67,894)                (66,651)                  (1,243)   (1.9%)
                        Total EBITDA                                                                        1,518,474               1,470,122                  48,352      3.3%

                        Notes: Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
                        a) Interest income is not included in calculation of EBITDA, but nets off against interest expense in calculating net interest cost.

                        APA has delivered a solid result in FY2018 reflecting sustainable operations and the intrinsic value of the business, which is
                        more than the sum of its individual assets. APA’s diversity of expertise, asset type and geographic spread all contribute to
                        APA’s business sustainability.
                        Total EBITDA increased by $48.4 million, or 3.3%, to $1,518.5 million, over the FY2017 result of $1,470.1 million. APA derives
                        its revenue through a mix of regulated revenue, long-term negotiated revenue contracts, asset management fees and
                        investment earnings. Earnings are underpinned by solid cash flows generated from high quality, geographically diversified
                        assets and a portfolio of highly creditworthy customers.
                        7.1 Energy Infrastructure
                        The Energy Infrastructure segment consists of all APA’s interconnected energy infrastructure footprint across mainland
                        Australia including gas transmission, gas compression, processing and storage assets, renewable energy power generation,
                        and gas-fired power generation.
                        This segment is the largest contributor to group revenue, contributing 93.2% (excluding pass-through) and 94.4% of group
                        EBITDA (before corporate costs) during the financial year. Revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) was $1,804.0 million,
                        an increase of 1.7% on the previous year (FY2017: $1,773.0 million). EBITDA (before corporate costs) increased by 3.0% on the
                        previous year to $1,497.1 million (FY2017: $1,453.7 million).
                        This segment is characterised by the East Coast Gas Grid and the West Coast Gas Grid, the nature of which will result in
                        both positive and negative swings over the longer term in revenue and EBITDA on the individual assets that make up each
                        of those grids. In FY2018, for example, increased revenue and EBITDA in Queensland offset reductions in New South Wales
                        and Victoria as customers with more flexible multi-asset, multi service contracts determined their respective needs, period on
                        period, for gas sourcing and delivery.
           16 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
           During the reporting period, new earnings were realised from recently completed and commissioned assets including the
           Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline, the Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline and the Emu Downs Solar Farm. FY2018 earnings for
           Energy Infrastructure also benefitted from the US CPI increase on the Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline contract, along with
           a favourable USD/AUD exchange rate as the majority of contract revenues are in USD.




For personal use only
           Energy Infrastructure Revenue by State                                                Energy Infrastructure EBITDA by State
           A$ m                                                                90%               A$ m


           1,600
                                                                               80%               1,200

           1,200
                                                                               70%               800
           800

                                                                               60%               400
           400


           0                                                                   50%               0
                        FY15         FY16             FY17           FY18                                      FY15              FY16             FY17             FY18
               WA        NT    SA      VIC      NSW          QLD    EBITDA margin                    WA       NT      SA         VIC     NSW             QLD



           Energy Infrastructure EBITDA by Asset

           FY18


           FY17


           FY16


           FY15


                   0           150           300         450          600            750         900          1,050            1,200      1,350            1,500          A$ m
               Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline          South West Queensland Pipeline                Roma Brisbane Pipeline               Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline
               Carpentaria Gas Pipeline                Diamantina Power Station                      Other Qld assets                     Moomba Sydney Pipeline
               Victorian Transmission System           SESA Pipeline                                 Amadeus Gas Pipeline                 Goldfields Gas Pipeline
               Eastern Goldfields Pipeline             Emu Downs Wind and Solar Farm                 Pilbara Pipeline System              Mondarra Gas Storage
               Other WA

           Note: The charts above exclude discontinued operations previously accounted for within Energy Infrastructure, including earnings from Allgas Networks and Moomba
           to Adelaide Pipeline.
           The majority of revenues in the Energy Infrastructure segment derive from either regulatory arrangements or long term
           capacity-based contracts. Contracts generally have the majority of the revenue fixed over the term of the relevant contract.

               WORKING WITH APA’S CUSTOMERS ~ a short term solution for Incitec Pivot

               On 25 June 2018, APA announced a one year gas transportation contract with Incitec Pivot (IPL) to deliver gas from
               the Northern Territory to IPL’s Gibson Island fertiliser plant near Brisbane. IPL is a long term customer of APA and the
               importance of this contract was to assist IPL in keeping its Gibson Island plant operations running for another year whilst
               other options are explored for future economically viable gas supply, given the East Coast’s tight gas supply market.
                                                   Quote from Jeanne Johns, Managing Director and CEO, Incitec Pivot Limited
                                                   “An affordable and reliable gas supply is critical to securing the sustainable future of Incitec
                                                   Pivot’s Gibson Island fertiliser manufacturing plant. The Gibson Island site employs around 450
                                                   people and produces 550,000 tonnes of fertiliser per year, which is then used within Australia
                                                   and globally to support farming communities that grow food to feed millions of people.
                                                   It was very satisfying to see the whole of the gas industry supply-chain working together
                                                   with us to develop an interim gas solution that will allow our Gibson Island plant in Queensland
                                                   to operate for another year.
                                                   Despite a gas supply being almost on our doorstep, the current local gas price required us
                                                   to source a more affordable gas supply from over 3,300 kms away. The one-year interim
                                                   solution has demonstrated that the industry working together can make a huge difference.
                                                   APA, along with our other project partners has worked with Incitec Pivot to make that
                                                   long journey viable.“
                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 17




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
                        During FY2018, APA refreshed its suite of gas pipeline services, to provide customers with more options and additional
                        flexibility making it simpler for customers to better manage their gas portfolios. The refreshed services and approach provide
                        additional clarity and ease of access for customers to APA’s infrastructure, which will help promote gas market liquidity.
                        During the reporting period, APA announced several significant new or renewal contracts including: a new $40 million revenue




For personal use only
                        contract over three years for gas transportation and storage from Queensland into southern markets; a $38 million contract
                        extension over two years for an East Coast Grid customer; and a new gas transportation agreement with Incitec Pivot to
                        transport gas over 3,300 km from the Northern Territory to their Gibson Island fertilizer plant near Brisbane.
                        Changes to Part 23 of the National Gas Rules during the reporting period provide a commercial arbitration framework in
                        the event parties cannot agree a negotiated contract. APA has continued to successfully negotiate all new contracts and
                        contract renewals with its customers.
                        During the financial year, 78.7% of Energy Infrastructure revenue (excluding pass-through) was from capacity reservation
                        charges from term contracts, 4.3% from other contracted fixed revenues and 6.8% from throughput charges and other
                        variable components. Given the dynamic east coast gas market, there were additional revenues from the provision of flexible
                        short term services, accounting for around 1.0%. The regulated portion of APA’s revenue makes up 9.0% of total FY2018
                        Energy Infrastructure revenue. Given the take-or-pay nature of the majority of APA’s Energy Infrastructure contracts, APA
                        had direct oversight of 92.0% of its revenue earning for this business segment during the reporting period.
                        As part of APA’s product refresh of gas transportation services during the period, many of APA’s standard service offerings
                        and tariffs are now effectively 100% capacity reservation.

                        FY2018 Energy Infrastructure by Revenue Type                                       APA Pipelines by Regulation Type(a)
                                                                    Capacity charge revenue: 78.7%             Full regulation pipelines
                                                                    Throughput charge &                        Light regulation pipelines
                                                                    other variable revenue: 6.8%               Non-scheme pipelines
                                                                    Contracted fixed revenue: 4.3%         a) Owned and/or operated by APA
                                                                    Regulated revenue: 9.0%
                                                                    Flexible short term services: 1.0%
                                                                    Other: 0.2%




                        APA manages its counterparty risk in a variety of ways. One aspect is to consider customers’ credit ratings. During FY2018,
                        95.6% of Energy Infrastructure revenue was received from investment grade counterparties. Diversification of customer base
                        is another strength of APA’s business, with our customers split across the energy, utility, resources and industrial sectors, as
                        shown in the chart below.

                        FY2018 Energy Infrastructure Revenues                                              FY2018 Energy Infrastructure Revenues
                        by Counterparty Credit Rating                                                      by Customer Industry Segment

                                                                    A- rated or better: 44.9%                                                          Energy: 49.1%
                                                                    BBB and BBB+: 27.8%                                                                Utilities: 24.3%
                                                                    Investment Grade (a): 22.9%                                                        Resources: 21.6%
                                                                    Not rated: 4.2%                                                                    Industrials & Others: 5.0%
                                                                    Sub-investment grade: 0.2%




                        a) An investment grade credit rating from either S&P (BBB- or better) or Moody’s (Baa3 or better), or joint venture with an investment grade average rating across
                           owners. Ratings shown as equivalent to S&P rating scale.

                        APA strives to continually enhance the service offerings available to customers to better address their increasingly complex
                        and dynamic gas portfolio needs. Significant investment by APA has been made in energy infrastructure in the last decade
                        to support customers’ needs. The state-of-the-art Integrated Operations Centre (IOC) is one of those customer focused
                        initiatives that APA has invested in to deliver seamless and reliable services for the benefit of the Australian energy market.
                        APA’s IOC in Brisbane has dramatically improved Australia’s gas transmission operations, providing customers access to
                        greater operating flexibility and smarter gas portfolio management. It improves market resilience significantly by utilising the
                        breadth of the Grid to respond to contingencies. The facility continues to evolve its services and functions to meet the growing
                        and changing needs of both our customers and APA’s operations.
                        The IOC plays a major role in APA being able to provide the benefits of system flexibility, efficiencies, cost effective solutions
                        and safety from having real-time visibility across transmission assets throughout Australia, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
           18 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
           Engineering, commercial and systems operation skills integrate into daily decision making to give the business both big picture
           and detailed oversight of operations. Gas market opportunities for customers can be quickly realised as can immediate
           response and management to periods of unplanned plant, market or customer disruption.
           The IOC also plays a key role in keeping our remote employees safe by monitoring and managing the In-Vehicle Monitoring




For personal use only
           System (IVMS) thereby better managing APA’s operational risk. More importantly, it provides employees and their families
           with a high level of comfort that someone knows where they are at all times whilst they travel between remote locations.

               THE IOC – THE EYES AND EARS OF APA TRANSMISSION
               ~ ensuring security of supply in southern markets during Longford operational constraints

               During mid-June 2018, the Longford gas facility in Victoria suffered an operational issue resulting in a risk to the security
               of gas supply in southern markets. The Longford gas plant currently supplies the majority of Victoria’s gas requirements,
               as well as gas supplies for NSW and Tasmania.
               Peak winter and summer periods are often times when “if something can go wrong, it will…and usually at the worst time.”
               Gas constraints were already in place that week at Longford to undertake repairs of a gas train. APA also had planned
               maintenance and other works underway on the Roma Brisbane Pipeline and at Moomba. Therefore, when the Longford
               gas plant undertook to resolve the operational issue during a further two day period, there was a real possibility of a gas
               supply shortage in southern markets.
               A highly coordinated combination of solutions from
               across APA’s East Coast Grid and other external
               stakeholders were put into play to ultimately
               manage gas supply security. This included
               increased instantaneous southern flow capacity
               from APA’s Grid into the Declared Wholesale
               Gas Market; optimisation and management of
               Moomba Sydney Pipeline (MSP) line pack; Roma
               Brisbane Pipeline assistance to allow rebuild of
               MSP line pack; and Young, Culcairn and Bulla Park
               compressors placed on standby.
               The successful outcome as a result of APA’s
               interconnected grid system with IOC oversight,
               meant that all demand for gas across eastern
               Australia was met, and businesses and consumers
               that rely on gas as their energy source were
                                                                       Nicholas Edmiston overseeing operations in APA’s Integrated Operations
               not impacted.                                           Centre in Brisbane


           East Coast and Central Region
           APA’s 7,500 plus kilometre integrated pipeline grid on the east coast of Australia has the ability to transport gas seamlessly
           from multiple gas production facilities to gas users across four states and the ACT, as well as to the export LNG market which
           has developed out of Gladstone in Queensland.
           EBITDA from APA’s assets on the east coast increased by 3.0% during the financial year.
           In NSW and Victoria, continued demand for bi-directional services due to dynamic southern and northern gas markets
           contributed to the earnings increase. The Moomba Sydney Pipeline continues to play a critical role to the operation of the
           East Coast Grid as both a bi-directional gas transmission highway and gas storage facility.
           In Queensland, the South West Queensland Pipeline and its bi-directional capability played a key role in gas moving both
           east and west. APA’s newest Queensland pipeline and extension to the East Coast Grid - the 49km Reedy Creek Wallumbilla
           Pipeline - was completed and commissioned in May 2018. An official opening by the Queensland Premier, the Hon. Annastacia
           Palaszczuk, the Minister for Natural Resources, Mines and Energy, the Hon. Dr Anthony Lynham, and the Mayor for Maranoa
           Regional Council, Tyson Golder was held in June 2018, at APA’s Wallumbilla operations site.
                                                                                                                                  APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 19




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)

                          APA RESPONDING TO CUSTOMER NEEDS
                          ~ connecting APLNG directly to the dynamic east coast domestic gas market




For personal use only
                          In September 2016, APA announced construction of the new 49 km Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline to connect the
                          Australia Pacific LNG Pipeline (APLNG) at Reedy Creek to APA’s 7,500 km East Coast Grid system at Wallumbilla.
                          Less than two years on, the recently commissioned pipeline (May 2018) is operating and providing APLNG access to the
                          dynamic eastern Australian domestic gas market.
                          The new bi-directional pipeline was officially opened by the Queensland Premier, The Hon. Annastacia Palaszczuk, at
                          APA’s Wallumbilla operations site. Also attending was the Minister for Natural Resources, Mines and Energy, The Hon.
                          Dr Anthony Lynham, APLNG’s Chief Executive Warwick King, APA’s Chairman Michael Fraser, APA’s Managing Director
                          Mick McCormack and Tyson Golder, the Mayor for Maranoa Regional Council (image below).
                          “This new pipeline gives APLNG efficient, flexible access to Australia’s dynamic east coast gas market via Wallumbilla,”
                          Mr King said. “We are pleased to have reached a long-term agreement with APA that enables us to support the efficient
                          movement of gas.”
                          APA entered into a 20-year contract with APLNG to provide a bi-directional service of up to 300 TJ/d on the new
                          pipeline. APA is able to utilise its unique gas grid to provide bespoke services that supports our customers’ commercial
                          requirements, and shoring up gas security for domestic markets.




                          From delivery of pipes in November 2016, to the official opening in June 2018, the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline is already providing commercial options
                          for APLNG to move its gas


                        APA’s Diamantina gas-fired power station in Mount Isa, Queensland benefitted from a new mining customer during the
                        period. Capricorn Copper operates the Capricorn Copper mine, north of Mount Isa and was in ramp-up mode for the
                        first seven months of FY2018, and is now at full contract capacity. The mine is a restart of prior mining operations, which
                        recommenced in 2017.
                        During the financial year, APA’s assets in the Northern Territory recorded an uplift in earnings from additional contracting
                        achieved on the Amadeus Gas Pipeline. South Australian earnings were in line with expectations.
                        Western Australia
                        APA services a range of customers in Western Australia within the resources, industrial and utility sectors. In recent years,
                        interconnections off the main Goldfields pipeline to mining sites has not only extended the Western Australian Grid, but
                        also reinforced the importance of the Goldfields Gas Pipeline in moving gas from the north into the south-eastern region of
                        Western Australia.
                        EBITDA from APA’s Western Australian assets for the financial year increased by 1.2% compared with FY2017.
                        The Eastern Goldfields Pipeline continues to contribute to increased earnings for APA’s Western Australian assets. During
                        the period, the new Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline was completed to supply gas to Dacian Gold mining operations. APA has a 10.5
                        year gas transportation agreement with Dacian Gold and the pipeline commenced generating earnings in the second half of
                        the reporting period.
                        In June 2017, APA announced the Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Power Station greenfield projects on behalf of the Gruyere Joint
                        Venture mine project. Construction and commissioning of the 198 km pipeline was completed during the reporting period,
                        with the power station construction completed recently in August. Commissioning of the Yamarna Power Station will take
                        place between August and October. First gold pour is scheduled for the FY2019 June quarter.
                        With the addition of the Gruyere mine in June 2019, the Eastern Goldfields Pipeline will have five mines using approximately
                        1,700 kms of interconnected pipelines to the eastern goldfields region in Western Australia. APA expects further opportunities
                        for growth in this area as miners are seeking reliable and economical energy solutions to ensure their operations are viable for
                        the life of the mines.
                        APA is developing a significant renewable energy precinct in the West and during FY2018 completed and commissioned the
                        20 MW Emu Downs Solar Farm which was underpinned by a 13 year power purchase agreement with Synergy. The project
                        received $5.5 million funding from the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA).
           20 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
                                                                                           The site is co-located with APA’s 80 MW Emu Downs Wind
                CO-LOCATED EMU DOWNS WIND AND SOLAR                                        Farm, taking advantage of shared transmission connection
                FARMS ~ maximising resources and infrastructure                            infrastructure. The wind and solar generation profiles at
                                                                                           this location are largely predictable and complementary,




For personal use only
                                                                                           enabling APA to leverage the combined wind and solar
                                                                                           resources and transmit renewable energy through a single
                                                                                           infrastructure network. During the period, there was a
                                                                                           minor impact on earnings for the Emu Downs Wind Farm
                                                                                           due to the cut-in of the Solar Farm, this was more than
                                                                                           offset by the contribution of the Solar Farm, in the latter
                                                                                           part of the financial year.
                                                                                           In FY2017, APA announced construction of the 130 MW
                                                                                           Badgingarra Wind Farm after entering into a long term
                                                                                           offtake agreement with Alinta to satisfy its renewable
                                                                                           energy requirements. Construction was advanced during
                                                                                           the reporting period and is due for completion in early
                                                                                           2019. During FY2018, APA agreed with Alinta to extend
                                                                                           the original 12 year power purchase agreement for the
                                                                                           Badgingarra Wind Farm by five years, and undertake a
                                                                                           new 17.5 MW co-located Solar Farm on the Badgingarra
                                                                                           site, which is adjacent to the Emu Downs renewables farm.
                                                                                           Both Badgingarra Wind and Solar farms will also share
                                                                                           transmission connection infrastructure.
                                                                                           When complete, APA will have an energy precinct in
                                                                                           Western Australia delivering over 245 MW of renewable
                                                                                           energy capitalising on the complementary wind and solar
                                                                                           relationship in this region.
                                                                                           7.2 Asset Management
                                                                                           APA provides asset management and operational services
                                                                                           to the majority of its energy investments and to a number
                                                                                           of third parties. Its main customers are Australian
                                                                                           Gas Networks Limited (AGN) (5), Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                           Investments and GDI (EII). Asset management services are
                                                                                           provided to these customers under long-term contracts.

           APA has the expertise and diversified skillset to provide whole-of-life asset management and operational services for high
           voltage power, power generation, gas rotating plant and equipment, stationary engines, gas transmission pipelines and gas
           distribution pipelines. These services also include asset inspection, vegetation management, aerial patrols, metering services
           and specialist utility asset services.
           Revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) from asset management services increased by $22.1 million or 25.6% to $108.5
           million (FY2017: $86.4 million) and EBITDA (excluding corporate costs) increased by $7.5 million or 12.7% to $66.2 million
           (FY2017: $58.7 million).

           Asset Management Revenue                                                             Asset Management EBITDA
           A$ m                                                                                 A$ m

           100                                                                                  80

                                                                                                50
           80
                                                                                                40
           60
                                                                                                30
           40
                                                                                                20
           20                                                                                   10

           0                                                                                    0
                        FY15           FY16              FY17              FY18                             FY15             FY16             FY17             FY18
                One-off Customer Contributions                                                       One-off Customer Contributions
                Underlying Asset Management Revenue                                                  Underlying Asset Management Revenue

           Note: From FY2017 onwards, DPS and the Ethane Pipeline became fully owned assets and are managed within APA’s Energy Infrastructure segment and therefore
           no asset management fees earnt.




           5) APA sold its 33.05% stake in AGN in August 2014, however, the operating and maintenance agreements remain on foot until 2027.
                                                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 21




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7.2 Asset Management (continued)

                             GAS IS A FUEL OF CHOICE ~ 2018 Commonwealth Games village

                             APA as the operator and a minority investor in
                             the GDI Allgas Distribution Network in Brisbane




For personal use only
                             was engaged by the Gold Coast Commonwealth
                             Games organisers in 2015 to supply natural gas
                             to the proposed new Athletes’ Village in time for
                             Games held on the Gold Coast in April 2018. The
                             work involved extending the GDI gas network
                             to the greenfield site and reticulating the gas
                             infrastructure throughout the development as
                             construction proceeded.
                             Redevelopment of the precinct was one of the
                             largest urban renewal projects ever undertaken
                             on the Gold Coast. Natural gas was used to
                             supply bulk hot water and cooking to apartments,
                             pool heating and catering.
                             Transformation of the athletes’ accommodation is underway to develop permanent apartments for both student
                             and general accommodation. The remainder of the site is also being developed into a new Gold Coast Health
                             and Knowledge precinct.
                             APA worked closely with the developer to ensure that the construction of the gas infrastructure was well coordinated
                             to work in with the immediate and future needs of the site, and ensured gas was provided to the facilities well in
                             advance of the Commonwealth Games.


                        Customer Contributions                                                APA Operated Gas Networks Statistics
                        30                                                                    1.40 (million)                                           (km) 29,000




                        20                                                                    1.35

                                                                                                                                                            28,000
                                            Average ~$12m p.a.
                        10                                                                    1.30




                        0                                                                     1.25                                                          27,000
                                 FY14        FY15         FY16      FY17         FY18                 FY15           FY16             FY17          FY18
                                                                                                     Gas consumer connections (LHS)          Networks managed (RHS)


                        Customer contributions are payments received from a third party for APA to undertake work on the assets it manages to
                        accommodate that third party’s project. Customer contributions have increased in FY2018 moving the long term average
                        per annum to approximately $12 million from $10 million per annum average over the last five years. APA continues to expect
                        annual swings in customer contributions, as these are driven by customer requirements.

                        Excluding customer contributions, both revenue and EBITDA increased for the Asset Management business due to tariff
                        adjustments in line with regulatory approvals. Solid connection growth for the gas distribution businesses of AGN and GDI
                        continues through ongoing investment in new housing estates and high-rise apartment developments, with natural gas
                        continuing to be a fuel of choice for cooking, hot water and heating in these markets.

                             REWARDING EXCELLENCE ~ APA Employee Excellence Award winner focusing on Network customers

                             Each year, APA holds annual awards to celebrate the efforts and success of our employees. During FY2018, the awards
                             were refreshed and rebranded to the APA Excellence Awards and were aligned to APA’s five ‘STARS’ values - Safety,
                             Trustworthy, Adaptable, Results and Service.
                             Nicole Butler from APA’s Commercial Networks division was the dual winner of the APA Excellence “Service” Award,
                             along with Silvana Alessandro from the Financial Accounting division. Nicole won the award for her role in removing
                             barriers and roadblocks that were making new Network connection processes unnecessarily complicated for internal
                             and external customers.
                             Nicole’s belief that every customer is important resonates with APA’s Values. Nicole is a team player, reinforcing a
                             customer centric ethos and believes that while it may only take one person to care about the customer’s needs, it takes
                             a team of people to ensure those needs are met. Nicole’s commitment is testament to all of APA’s Values (S.T.A.R.S)
                             Safety, Trustworthy, Adaptable, Results and importantly for our Network customers, Service.
           22 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.3 Energy Investments
           APA has interests in a number of complementary energy investments across Australia.
                                                                                     Asset details an
           Asset and ownership interests                                             APA services                      Partners




For personal use only
           Mortlake Gas Pipeline                                    50%              83 km gas pipeline                Rest
                                                                    SEA Gas          connecting the Otway
                                                                    (Mortlake)       Gas Plant to the Mortlake
                                                                    Partnership      Power Station
                                                                                         MAINTENANCE

           SEA Gas Pipeline                                         50%              687 km gas pipeline from          Rest
                                                                    South East       Iona and Port Campbell
                                                                    Australia        in Victoria to Adelaide
                                                                    Gas Pty Ltd
                                                                                         MAINTENANCE


           North Brown Hill                                         20.2%            132 MW wind farm in               Infrastructure Capital Group
           Wind Farm                                                EII2             South Australia                   Osaka Gas


                                                                                         CORPORATE SERVICES

           Allgas Gas                                               20%              ~3,630 km Allgas gas              Marubeni Corporation
           Distribution Network                                     GDI (EII)        distribution network              State Super
                                                                                     in Queensland with
                                                                                     ~108,500 connections

                                                                                         CORPORATE SERVICES             OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT

           Daandine and X41                                         19.9%            Gas-fired power                   Marubeni Corporation
           Power Stations                                           Energy           generation                        Osaka Gas
                                                                    Infrastructure   71 MW
           Kogan North and Tipton
                                                                    Investments      Gas processing
           West Processing Plants
                                                                                     facilities 45 TJ/day
           Directlink and Murraylink
                                                                                     Electricity transmission
           Electricity Interconnectors
                                                                                     cables 244 km
           Nifty and Telfer Gas Pipelines                                            Gas pipelines
           Wickham Point and Bonaparte                                               totaling 786 km
           Gas Pipelines
                                                                                         CORPORATE SERVICES             OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT


           APA’s ability to manage these investments and provide                     7.4 Corporate Costs
           operational and/or corporate support services gives it                    Corporate costs of $67.9 million for the financial year were
           flexibility in the way it grows the business and harnesses                slightly above the previous corresponding period (FY2017:
           expertise in-house, thereby delivering services from a lower              $66.7 million) due to additional costs associated with the
           cost base due to portfolio synergies.                                     new Part 23 compliance requirements. Excluding those
                                                                                     additional compliance costs, APA has kept corporate costs
           EBITDA from Energy Investments was marginally reduced for
                                                                                     contained during the largest organic growth cycle that the
           the reporting period to $23.0 million (FY2017: $24.4 million).
                                                                                     business has undertaken.

           Energy Investments Revenue & EBITDA                                       Corporate Costs
           25 (A$ m)                                                                 (A$ m)


                                                                                     80


                                                                                     60
           20
                                                                                     40


                                                                                     20


           15                                                                        0
                        FY15             FY16              FY17              FY18             FY15              FY16              FY17         FY18
                Divested & transferred investments
                Continuing investments
           Note: DPS and EPX earnings are classified as divested and transferred
           investments within Energy Investments up until financial close for the
           purpose of the segment reporting.
                                                                                                                                  APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 23




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        8. Capital and Investment Expenditure
                        Capital and investment expenditure for FY2018 totalled $875.5 million. Total capital expenditure (including stay-in-
                        business capital expenditure but excluding acquisitions and other investing cash flows) for FY2018 was $855.5 million
                        compared with $340.7 million last year. Growth project expenditure of $742.9 million (FY2017: $271.9 million) was largely
                        related to the following projects during the year:




For personal use only
                        — Construction of the Darling Downs Solar Farm and completion and commissioning of the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla
                          Pipeline in Queensland;
                        — Construction and completion of Western Australia projects including the Yamarna Gas Pipeline, Mt Morgans Gas
                          Pipeline and Emu Downs Solar Farm;
                        — Construction of the Murrin Compressor Station. Yamarna Power Station and Badgingarra Wind Farm are also well
                          underway, and will be completed in FY2019;
                        — Commencement of the upgrade of the Orbost Gas Processing Plant in Victoria; and
                        — Pre-investigative and preliminary license approval undertakings for the proposed Western Slopes Pipeline and Crib
                          Point Pakenham Pipeline.
                        APA’s growth capital expenditure continues to be fully underwritten through long-term contractual arrangements or to
                        have regulatory approval through a relevant access arrangement. Capital and investment expenditure for FY2018 is detailed in
                        the table below.
                        Capital and investment		                                                                                               30 June 2018                30 June 2017
                        expenditure (a)        Description of major projects                                                                       ($ million)                 ($ million)

                        Growth expenditure
                        Regulated                      Victorian-Northern Interconnect expansion, South West
                                                       Pipeline Westernhaul Expansion                                                                     33.0                     106.1

                        Non-regulated
                        Queensland                     Darling Downs Solar Farm, Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline                                        199.2                      78.3
                        Victoria                       Orbost Gas Processing Plant, early works on Crib Point to Pakenham Pipeline                        116.7                            –
                        New South Wales                Western Slopes Pipeline early works                                                                    10.7                   0.4
                        Western Australia      Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Power Station, Emu Downs Solar Farm,
                        and Northern Territory Badgingarra Wind Farm, Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline,
                                               Murrin Compressor Station                                                                                  369.1                     30.6
                        Other                          VIC Metering                                                                                           14.2                  56.5
                        Sub-total non-regulated capex                                                                                                    709.9                     165.8
                        Total growth capex                                                                                                               742.9                     271.9

                        Stay-in business capex		                                                                                                          112.6                     68.8
                        Total capital expenditure                                                                                                        855.5                     340.7
                        Investment and acquisitions                                                                                                       20.0       (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                    36.8
                        Total capital and investment expenditure                                                                                         875.5                     377.5

                        Notes: Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
                        a) The capital expenditure shown in this table represents net cash used in investing activities as disclosed in the cash flow statement, and excludes accruals
                           brought forward from the prior period and carried forward to next period.
                        b) Represents the share purchase price for the Orbost Gas Processing Plant.


                        As part of the FY2016 results, APA announced that it had                             Capital and investment expenditure
                        identified around $1.5 billion of organic growth opportunities                       A$ m
                        across FY2017 to FY2019. APA continues to successfully
                        pursue organic growth opportunities. To-date across                                             6,284.4
                        FY2017 and FY2018, APA has spent in excess of $1.0 billion
                        on these growth projects in the areas of pipeline extensions
                                                                                                             1,000
                        and expansions, renewables and mid‑stream assets.
                                                                                                                                                                                   875.5
                                                                                                             750
                                                                                                                                           673.6
                                                                                                             500
                                                                                                                                                               377.5
                                                                                                             250

                                                                                                             0
                                                                                                                          FY15              FY16                FY17               FY18
                                                                                                                 SIB capex
                                                                                                                 Growth capex
                                                                                                                 Acquisitions & other investment cash flows
           24 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           8. Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)
           In FY2018, growth capex expenditure was $742.9 million, which is almost double the average annual growth capex spend of
           previous years. The FY2018 actual spend is lower than the approximate $850 million figure indicated to the market in May
           2018. This is due to finessing of project timings for procurement contracts as projects have progressed to ensure materials
           are better timed to arrive when required. This has resulted in some committed capital expenditure moving from FY2018 into




For personal use only
           FY2019. APA expects to spend in the order of $425 million during FY2019 on the in-flight committed organic growth projects
           as detailed in the table below.
           Some of the new projects completed in FY2018 have now commenced generating revenues. These revenues will increase in
           FY2019 as more projects are completed and the projects completed in FY2018 provide a full year of earnings. The full benefit
           of the now $1.4 billion plus of growth projects will be received from FY2020 onwards.
           Beyond the approximately $425 million guidance for FY2019, APA expects growth capital expenditure in the order of $300
           to $400 million per annum over the next two to three years as further growth projects come to fruition across all energy
           infrastructure sectors. All projects will continue to be underwritten by long term contracts with customers and will increase
           APA’s earnings base as they are commissioned.

           Growth Projects Announced FY2017 – FY2019
                                                       Project (% spent)          Pipeline projects       Renewables projects          Midstream projects

           Projects                                     FY17           FY18           1H FY19         2H FY19       1H FY20          2H FY20       Customer

           Emu Downs Solar Farm
                                                                           100%                          13-year contract                          Synergy
           (incl. $5.5m ARENA funding)


           Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline                                100%                         20-year contract                           APLNG


           Darling Downs Solar Farm
                                                                           ~88%                          12-year contract                          Origin
           (incl. $20m ARENA funding)

                                                                                                                                                   Gold Road/
           Yamarna Pipeline & Power Station                                ~91%                                   15-year contract
                                                                                                                                                   Gold Fields JV


           Badgingarra Wind & Solar Farm                                   ~66%                                   17-year contract                 Alinta



           Orbost Gas Processing Plant                                     ~50%                                       Multi year contract          Cooper



           Other Projects                                                                                                                          Various


           Total growth capex                           FY17:         FY18:                    FY19:                           FY20:
           (‘in-flight’ to date)                       $272m          $743m                   ~$425m                        ~$300-400m

                                                                       FY18:                   FY19:                          FY20:
           Total revenue contribution
                                                                       <$5m                   ~$75m+                         ~$215m+

           Note: Above diagram is illustrative only.



           As detailed in Section 7 above, progress on the remaining major committed projects is as follows:
           — The Badgingarra Wind Farm (130MW wind farm) project was extended during the reporting period to include a co-
             located 17.5 MW solar farm that will share transmission connection infrastructure with the wind farm. Badgingarra is
             located adjacent to APA’s operational 100 MW Emu Downs Wind and Solar Farm in Western Australia. Alinta Energy also
             extended the offtake agreement for another 5 years for both the energy and the Large Scale Generation Certificates,
             commencing January 2019 through to end CY2035. The wind farm will consist of 37 turbines each with a total blade and
             tower height of 150 metres and the solar farm will have approximately 61,800 solar tracking panels. Both projects are on
             track for commissioning in December 2018 for contract commencement in January 2019.
                                                                                                            APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 25




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        8. Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)
                        — The Orbost Gas Processing Plant acquired by APA in FY2018 will process raw natural gas from Cooper Energy’s offshore
                          Sole gas field under a multi-year Gas Processing Agreement from mid-2019. When complete, up to 70TJ per day of gas will
                          be available for the east coast gas market from this new source of supply. APA is undertaking an upgrade of the site, whilst
                          also adding a hydrogen sulphide treatment plant to the facility. During the reporting period, APA undertook extensive




For personal use only
                          stakeholder engagement with the surrounding community, as well as providing local sponsorship and opportunities for
                          employment of local contractors. In March 2018, The Hon. Lily D’Ambrosio, Minister for Energy, Environment and Climate
                          Change toured the site and congratulated both APA and Cooper Energy for working together to deliver more gas into
                          Victoria and the East Coast gas market and jointly creating more than 800 jobs during construction of onshore and
                          offshore facilities.




                        — The Darling Downs Solar Farm near Dalby in Queensland is a 110MW solar farm, being built at a cost of around $200 million
                          (partially funded with a $20 million grant from ARENA). Origin Energy has entered into a 12-year offtake agreement for
                          both the energy and the Large Scale Generation Certificates. The project is on track for completion in September 2018.
                          Over 423,000 fixed solar panels will be installed over a 250 hectare site, connecting to the existing Braemar Substation.
                          The Queensland Premier, The Hon. Annastacia Palaszczuk toured the site in January 2018, along with The Hon. Dr Anthony
                          Lynham, Minister for Mines and Energy; The Hon. Mark Furner, Minister for Agricultural Industry Development and Natural
                          Resources; Paul McVeigh, Mayor of the Western Downs Regional Council; and Deputy Mayor, Andrew Smith.




                        — APA announced the new build Yamarna Gas Pipeline (YGP) and the Yamarna Power Station (YPS) projects in FY2017. APA
                          will transport gas a total of almost 1,600 kms over four APA interconnected pipelines, including the greenfield YGP that will
                          connect to the YPS, to deliver energy to the Gruyere Gold Project in Western Australia. The 198 km YGP was fully constructed
                          during FY2018 and has now been commissioned to allow the constructed 45MW YPS to be commissioned, which is expected
                          to be complete in between August and October 2018. A 15-year gas transportation agreement and a 15-year electricity
                          supply agreement have been entered into with the Gruyere Gold Project, a 50:50 joint venture between ASX listed Gold Road
                          Resources Ltd and the global miner Gold Fields Limited. Total project cost is estimated to be $180 million.
                        APA’s growth strategy will continue to be considered using the same principles and criteria that APA has always adhered to,
                        which are to:
                        — maintain an appropriate risk and return structure;
                        — ensure an appropriate funding and capital structure;
                        — enter into contracts with highly creditworthy counterparties; and
                        — leverage in-house operational expertise.
                        APA continues to talk with customers to develop new opportunities and help them manage their energy portfolio requirements
                        including the potential projects of the Western Slopes Pipeline, the Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline, future mining connection
                        opportunities in Western Australia and connecting Northern Queensland gas basins to APA’s East Coast Grid.
                        In FY2017, APA announced that it had contracted with a subsidiary of Santos Limited to commence development of a new
                        450 km Western Slopes Pipeline connecting the proposed Narrabri Gas Project (NGP) to APA’s East Coast Grid through the
                        Moomba Sydney Pipeline. The project is subject to FID of the NGP by Santos. During the reporting period, APA commenced
                        engagement with stakeholders along a possible pipeline route.
           26 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           8. Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)
           During FY2018, APA announced that it had entered into a Development Agreement and an associated 20 Year Gas
           Transportation Agreement with AGL Energy to develop and construct a new 60 km pipeline with a capacity of at least 550TJ/
           day. The Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline would connect AGL’s proposed floating LNG regasification plant at Crib Point, to
           APA’s East Coast Grid via the Victorian Transmission System at Pakenham. APA’s potential capital expenditure investment




For personal use only
           would be in the range of $160 million to $200 million. Since announcing the project in June 2018, APA has been undertaking
           engagement with local communities and environmental reviews to determine the best possible route for the pipeline. The
           project is subject to Final Investment Decision by AGL during FY2019.

               PROPOSED CRIB POINT PAKENHAM PIPELINE ~ Community Consultation

               On 12 June 2018, APA entered into a Development
               Agreement and associated Gas Transportation
               Agreement with AGL Energy for the development
               and construction of the Crib Point Pakenham
               Pipeline. The project is subject to AGL Energy making
               a Final Investment Decision during FY2019.
               During FY2018, APA commenced a
               comprehensive program of community and
               stakeholder consultation for the proposed Crib
               Point Pakenham Pipeline project including:
               — Multiple one-on-one and community meetings
               — Direct mail-outs
               — Community sessions
               — Development of a project website
               In May 2018, APA hosted community drop in sessions in Cardinia and Nar Nar Goon to answer community queries about
               the proposed Crib Point Pipeline project. Topics discussed included cultural and heritage surveys, environment, water and
               pipeline alignment. AGL representatives were also present to provide information. The sessions were well attended by
               landowners and other community members.
               A further five community sessions were held in the towns of Balnarring, Hastings, Crib Point, Nar Nar Goon and
               Cardinia for landowners, members of the community and other interested stakeholders in July/August 2018. APA
               presented key findings of environmental investigations conducted to-date and answered questions from the community.
               AGL representatives and technical specialists were also present and participated in the Q&A session following APA’s
               pipeline presentation.

           Stay-in business capex increased to $112.6 million in FY2018 from $68.8 million in FY2017. This remains in line with both the
           long term asset management planning cycle across our assets and the increasing scale of the business and did reflect in
           FY2018 ongoing business and technology spend of in the order of $22.4 million – reflecting the continuing growth of the
           business.
           9. Financing Activities
           9.1 Capital Management
           As at 30 June 2018, APA had 1,179,893,848 securities on issue. This changed from 30 June 2017, with 65,586,479 new stapled
           securities issued following the $500 million capital raise (Entitlement Offer) announced on 21 February 2018 and completed
           on 23 March 2018. This additional equity strengthened APA’s balance sheet enabling it to efficiently and prudently fund the
           approximately $1.4 billion plus of committed growth capex projects, due for completion through the period to June 2019.
           Over many years, APA has consistently maintained the process of funding its growth from a mix of cash generated from
           within the business and appropriate levels of debt and equity.
           Significant debt transactions during FY2018 were the redemption of the $515 million of Subordinated Notes at their first‑call
           date of 31 March 2018 and the repayment of $125.8 million (JPY 10 billion) Japanese Medium Term Notes at maturity on 22
           June 2018. Committed bank debt funding was increased and extended with the execution in May 2018 of a two tranche 5 and
           5.5 year $1,000 million Syndicated Bank Facility, to replace the $518.8 million of syndicated facilities maturing in September
           2018 and 2020. Maturity dates of a number of existing bilateral bank facilities with commitments totalling $250 million, were
           also extended during the year.
           APA’s debt portfolio has a broad spread of maturities extending out to FY2035, with an average maturity of drawn debt of 6.9
           years at 30 June 2018. APA’s gearing (6) of 65.4% at 30 June 2018 was lower than the 67.4% at 30 June 2017 due to the $500
           million equity raised through the Entitlement Offer. APA remains well positioned to fund its planned growth activities with
           around $1,400 million in cash and committed undrawn facilities post completion of the 2 July 2018 syndicated debt facility,
           as well as ongoing access to a broad range of debt capital markets.




           6) For the purposes of the calculation, drawn debt that has been kept in USD (rather than AUD) has been nominally exchanged at AUD/USD exchange rates of
              0.7772 for Euro and GBP MTN issuances and 0.7879 for US144A notes at their respective inception dates.
                                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 27




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        9.1 Capital Management (continued)

                        APA debt maturity profile and diversity of funding sources (a)
                        $1,600m




For personal use only
                        $1,200m




                        $800m




                        $400m




                        0
                                   FY19     FY20     FY21     FY22        FY23   FY24   FY25   FY26   FY27     FY28    FY29    FY30    FY31     FY32    FY33     FY34      FY35

                            Headroom (bank borrowings)               Euro MTN                   Australian MTN                         Canadian MTN
                            Bank borrowings                          US 144A Notes              US Private Placement Notes             USD denominated obligations (b)
                            Sterling MTN

                        a) APA debt maturity profile as at 2 July 2018.
                        b) USD denominated obligations translated to AUD at the prevailing rate at inception (USD144A - AUD/USD=0.7879, EMTN & Sterling AUD/USD=0.7772).
                        APA’s appetite for foreign currency and interest rate risk is low. This is reflected in the Treasury Risk Management Policy that
                        requires conservative levels of hedging of interest rate and foreign currency exposures to minimise the potential impacts from
                        adverse movements in markets. Other than as noted below, all interest rate and foreign currency exposures on debt raised in
                        foreign currencies have been hedged.
                        The majority of the revenues to be received over the remaining 17 years of the foundation contracts on the Wallumbilla Gladstone
                        Pipeline w ill be in received USD. The US$3.7 billion of debt raised to fund that acquisition is being managed as a “designated
                        hedge” for these revenues and therefore have been retained in USD. Net USD cash flow (after servicing the USD interest costs)
                        that is not part of that “designated relationship” will continue to be hedged into AUD on a rolling basis for an appropriate
                        period of time, in-line with APA’s treasury policy. To date, the following net USD cash flow hedging has been undertaken:
                        Period                                                                                               Average forward USD/AUD exchange rate

                        FY2019 (to Feb 2019)                                                                                                                             0.6927

                        A large portion of the net revenue from March 2019 is in a designated hedge relationship with the USD debt and as such,
                        when that revenue is receivable, will be recognised in the P&L at an average rate of around 0.78.
                        APA also enters into hedges to manage its interest rate exposure on its floating rate and other non-Australian dollar
                        borrowings. As at 30 June 2018, 97.7% (30 June 2017: 94.5%) of interest obligations on gross borrowings was either hedged
                        into or issued at fixed interest rates for varying periods extending out to March 2035.
                        9.2 Borrowings and finance costs
                        As at 30 June 2018, APA had borrowings of $8,810.4 million ($9,249.7 million at 30 June 2017) from a mix of US Private
                        Placement Notes, Medium Term Notes in several currencies, United States 144A Notes and committed bank facilities.
                        Net finance costs decreased by $4.1 million, or 0.8%, to $509.7million (FY2017: $513.8 million). The decrease is primarily due
                        to having a lower level of net drawn debt in FY2018 relative to FY2017. The average interest rate (including credit margins) (7)
                        applying to drawn debt was 5.65% for the current period (FY2017: 5.56%).
                        APA’s interest cover ratio for the current period was 2.7 times (June 2017: 2.8 times). This remains well in excess of its debt
                        covenant default ratio of 1.1 times and distribution lock up ratio of 1.3 times.
                        9.3 Credit ratings
                        APT Pipelines Limited, the borrowing entity of APA, maintained the following two investment grade credit ratings during the
                        FY2018 financial year:
                        — BBB long-term corporate credit rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) in June 2009, and was placed on CreditWatch
                          Positive on 14 August 2018; and
                        — Baa2 long-term corporate credit rating (outlook Stable) assigned by Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) in April 2010,
                          and affirmed on 13 August 2018.
                        9.4 Income tax
                        Income tax expense for the financial year of $165.1 million results in an effective income tax rate of 38.4%, compared to
                        38.7% for the previous corresponding period. The high effective rate is due to the significant amortisation charges relating to
                        contract intangibles acquired with the Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline, which are not deductible for tax purposes.

                        7) For the purpose of the calculation, drawn debt that has been kept in USD (rather than AUD) has been nominally exchanged at AUD/USD exchange rates
                           of 0.7772 for Euro and GBP MTN issuances and 0.7879 for US144A notes at their respective inception dates.
           28 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           9.4 Income tax (continued)
           After utilisation of available tax losses and research and development tax offsets, income tax of $52.0 million will be payable
           in respect of the year ended 30 June 2018. With PAYG instalments of $18.2 million having already been paid, a tax provision
           of $33.8 million has been recognised. APA has provided a Tax Transparency Report, which includes a reconciliation of profit to
           income tax payable on APA’s website at https://www.apa.com.au/investors/my-securities/tax-information/.




For personal use only
           9.5 Distributions
           Distributions paid to securityholders during the financial year were:
                                                                                        Final FY2017 distribution                               Interim FY2018 distribution
                                                                                        paid 13 September 2017                                      paid 14 March 2018
                                                                                 Cents per          Total distribution                        Cents per           Total distribution
                                                                                  security                      $000                           security                       $000

           APT franked profit distribution                                               4.67                      52,001                              5.83                     65,001
           APT unfranked profit distribution                                             0.79                       8,802                              2.47                     27,490
           APT capital distribution                                                     10.78                      120,183                             7.29                     81,202
           APTIT profit distribution                                                     3.07                       34,198                             3.03                         33,821
           APTIT capital distribution                                                    3.69                       41,107                             2.38                     26,490
           Total                                                                        23.00                      256,291                        21.00                      234,004

           Franking credits allocated                                                    2.00		                                                        2.50

           On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution for APA for the financial year of 24.0 cents per security which
           is payable on 12 September 2018. Franking credits of 3.83 cents per security will be allocated to the APT franked profit
           distribution. The FY2018 final distribution will comprise the following components:
                                                                                                              Final FY2018 distribution
                                                                                                             payable 12 September 2018
                                                                                                                                              Cents per           Total distribution
                                                                                                                                               security                       $000

           APT franked profit distribution                                                                                                             8.93                    105,412
           APT capital distribution                                                                                                                    9.03                    106,513
           APTIT profit distribution                                                                                                                   2.90                     34,228
           APTIT capital distribution                                                                                                                  3.14                     37,022
           Total                                                                                                                                 24.00                         283,175

           Franking credits allocated                                                                                                                  3.83

           As a result, the total distribution applicable to the year ended 30 June 2018 is 45.0 cents per security, a 3.4% increase over the
           total distribution of 43.5 cents per security applicable to the year ended 30 June 2017. Franking credits allocated for the year
           ended 30 June 2018 distribution totalled 6.33 cents per security.
           The Distribution Reinvestment Plan remains suspended.
           9.6 Total securityholder return
           APA’s total securityholder return for the financial year, which accounts for distributions paid plus the capital appreciation of
           APA’s security price and assumes the reinvestment of distributions at the declared time, was 11.2% (8).
           APA’s total securityholder return since listing in June 2000 on the ASX, is 1,978 (9), a compound annual growth rate of 17.8%.

           APA total securityholder returns since listing (June 2000) to 20 August 2018
           2,000



           1,500



           1,000



           500



           0
               Jul 00   Jul 01   Jul 02   Jul 03    Jul 04   Jul 05   Jul 06   Jul 07   Jul 08   Jul 09   Jul 10   Jul 11   Jul 12   Jul 13   Jul 14     Jul 15   Jul 16   Jul 17     Jul 18
                  APA total securityholder return                Utilities accumulation index                 S&P/ASX 200 accumulation index


           8) Figures quoted are sourced from IRESS and measured as at 30 June 2018.
           9) Indexed from 13 June 2000, the date of APA’s listing on the ASX.
                                                                                                                                    APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 29




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        9.7 Guidance for 2019 financial year
                        Based on current operating plans and available information, APA expects EBITDA for the full year to 30 June 2019 to be in a
                        range of $1,550 million to $1,575 million.
                        Net interest cost is expected to be in a range of $500 million to $510 million.




For personal use only
                        In the event that the CKI proposal does not proceed and APA remains as a stand-alone listed company for the full financial
                        year, distributions per security for the 2019 financial year are expected to be in the order of 46.5 cents per security, with
                        franking credits which may be allocated to those distributions enhancing that cash payout.
                        As per current APA distribution policies, all distributions will be fully covered by operating cash flows.
                                                                                                                                   FY2019 guidance             FY2018 actual

                        EBITDA ($ millions)                                                                                         $1,550 to $1,575                $1,518.5
                        Net interest cost ($ millions)                                                                                  $500 to $510                 $509.7
                        Total distribution (cents per security)                                                          In the order of 46.5 cents (10)          45.0 cents

                        10. Regulatory Matters
                        Gas Policy developments
                        Australia’s economic compliance regime for gas pipelines is set out in the National Gas Law (NGL) and the National Gas Rules
                        (NGR). Some of APA’s pipelines have been covered by the National Gas Access Regime since it was introduced in the 1990’s.
                        This regime includes mechanisms for regulatory pricing approval for “fully regulated” pipelines, and lesser obligations for “light
                        regulation” pipelines.
                        Additional information disclosure and commercial arbitration rules came into effect in August 2017 (December 2017 in
                        Western Australia) and applies to APA’s unregulated pipelines, which are known by the term “non-scheme” pipelines. APA
                        has worked with the Gas Market Reform Group, Australian Energy Markets Operator and the industry on the design and
                        implementation of the additional rules.
                        Under the additional rules, pipeline operators are required to publish their pricing methodologies for non-scheme pipelines. This
                        information for APA’s East Coast and Central Region gas transmission assets was published on APA’s website on 31 January
                        2018 and for APA’s Western Australian gas transmission assets on 19 June 2018. It includes APA’s pricing methodology and
                        other information in relation to pipeline services and tariffs for these assets consistent with the requirements of the National
                        Gas Rules (Part 23). The published tariffs are consistent with tariffs that APA has agreed with its customers over a number
                        of years and with competitive outcomes. APA supports this initiative of improved information transparency. Additional
                        disclosure provisions require publication by 31 October 2018 of individual pipeline financial statements and average prices.
                        The commercial arbitration rules provide negotiating parties who cannot reach agreement, access to an arbitrator to
                        determine a commercial outcome consistent with the outcomes that would occur in a workably competitive market. APA
                        has continued to successfully negotiate all new contracts and contract renewals with its customers since the additional rules
                        came into effect.
                        The COAG Energy Council has agreed to final recommendations on the design and implementation of a pipeline capacity
                        trading reform package following industry discussions that APA participated in, including:
                        — A capacity trading platform to be operated by the Australian Energy Market Operator, to facilitate the secondary trade of
                          pipeline capacity between shippers;
                        — A daily auction of un-nominated contracted shipper capacity, run by the Australian Energy Market Operator, on all
                          major pipelines.
                        The new capacity trading market mechanisms are scheduled to commence in March 2019.
                        Limited Merits Review
                        On 30 October 2017, the Australian Government abolished the limited merits review process of the Australian Competition
                        Tribunal in relation to decisions by the Australian Energy Regulator or Economic Regulation Authority (Western Australia).
                        Judicial review continues to be available as a means of challenging an error by the regulator in its access arrangement
                        determinations.
                        AEMC review of economic regulatory rules
                        During the year, the Australian Energy Market Commission (AEMC) undertook a review of the scope of economic regulation
                        applied to regulated pipelines under Parts 8-12 of the National Gas Rules.
                        On July 3 2018, the AEMC released its final report recommending a variety of legislative and rule changes. The key
                        recommendations from APA’s perspective are:
                        — The alignment of the arbitration process for covered pipelines to that which applies in Part 23 of the National Gas Rules to
                          non-scheme pipelines;
                        — All expansions of regulated pipelines, past and present, covered or uncovered are to be included in the access arrangement
                          for the pipeline. This means that the currently uncovered expansions of the Goldfields Gas Pipeline would be included in
                          that pipeline’s next access arrangement due in January 2020; and
                        — The regulator to set an initial capital base for light regulated pipelines that don’t currently have one. This will have
                          application to the Carpentaria Gas Pipeline and the Kalgoorlie Kambalda Pipeline.


                        10) In the event that the CKI proposal does not proceed and APA remains as a stand-alone listed company for the full financial year.
           30 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           Regulatory resets
           The diagram below outlines the scheduled regulatory reset dates for pipelines owned and operated by APA. During FY2018,
           approximately 9.0% of APA’s Energy Infrastructure revenues were revenues that are subject to regulated outcomes.

                                                         2018                  2019                 2020              2021               2022             2023




For personal use only
           Central Ranges Pipeline (a)

           Central Ranges Network (a)

           Goldfields Gas Pipeline

           Amadeus Gas Pipeline

           Roma Brisbane Pipeline

           Victorian Transmission System

           a) Asset will cease to be covered as of 1 July 2019 in accordance with the National Gas Law and Rules.   Current regulatory period   Next regulatory period


           Key regulatory matters addressed during the year included:
           Victorian Transmission System Access Arrangement
           In November 2017, the Australian Energy Regulator published its final decision on the access arrangement applying to the
           Victorian Transmission System from 1 January 2018. The Australian Energy Regulator approved APA’s recent significant
           expansions of the system to enable gas flows between Victoria and New South Wales, as well as the need for further future
           expansions of the Victorian system, as prudent expenditure. Average tariffs will be largely unchanged from the previous period.
           Roma Brisbane Pipeline Access Arrangement
           In November 2017, the Australian Energy Regulator also published its final decision on the Roma Brisbane Access Arrangement
           which will apply from 1 January 2018. The Regulator in its decision recognises changes in the pipeline configuration and
           demand profile since the Regulator’s last review through the approval of a bi-directional postage stamp tariff structure. The
           new tariff is in line with that applying in the previous period, and APA’s ongoing revenues that flow from longer term contracts
           that are currently in place, are unchanged by the determination.
           Other access arrangement information
           In July 2018, the Australian Energy Regulator released its draft rate of return guideline. The revised guideline, subject to
           implementation, would not apply to any APA pipeline until 2021. APA has a number of concerns with the rate of return
           proposed in the draft decision and will be making submission to the Australian Energy Regulator on that basis. A final decision
           is expected in December 2018.
           The Economic Regulation Authority of Western Australia released in June 2018 its draft rate of return guideline. This guideline
           when finalised will apply to the Goldfields Gas Pipeline’s next Access Arrangement, which is due to commence in January 2020.
           There are aspects of the guideline with which APA does not agree and these will be pursued in submissions to the Regulator.
           Energy industry developments

               THE ENERGY CHARTER ~ the energy industry working together to deliver energy for a better Australia

               Energy is an essential service and delivering it in accordance
               with community expectations is what the whole energy industry
               needs to do every day. APA plays an essential part in Australia’s
               energy supply chain, as does each and every producer, generator,
               pipeline and network operator and retailer.
               In FY2018, 15 CEOs (including APA’s Mick McCormack), from across the Australian energy supply chain, committed
               to develop a consumer charter to put customers first and foremost within each of their businesses and the energy
               industry as a whole. The Energy Charter aims to engender collective accountability for customer outcomes across the
               whole industry to ensure that customers can feel confident that their energy needs are being met and that the energy
               sector is working in customers’ interests. This commitment will be demonstrated through the embedding of customer
               focused culture; improving affordability; focussing on reliability, safety and sustainability; improving the customer
               experience; and supporting customers in vulnerable circumstances. It is also about working collaboratively with each
               other, government and community to deliver better outcomes for customers and the community.
               Energy Consumers Australia is playing a leadership role in the development of The Energy Charter. All energy businesses
               will be invited to commit to The Energy Charter, by which they agree to publicly identify how they are delivering against
               the Charter Principles, and if not, why not.
               Collaboration with consumer and end user advocacy groups with the energy industry has been a critical feature
               of the Energy Charter’s development. Together, our aim is to deliver better energy outcomes for all customers and
               Australians alike.
               Public consultation on the process to provide input is expected later in CY2018. For more information go to
               www.theenergycharter.com.au.
                                                                                                                APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 31




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        11. Health, Safety and Environment
                        11.1 Health and safety reporting
                        During the reporting period, APA continued implementing the Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Strategic Plan with
                        FY2018 being the second year of a three year undertaking. The plan is designed to further develop APA’s HSE framework,
                        systems, culture and initiatives to prevent harm to our people, contractors and the broader community, and to deliver a




For personal use only
                        sustainable future. Key achievements of the HSE strategic initiatives during the period included:
                        — Undertaking a comprehensive review of how APA and its contractors report and manage asset strikes to gas and other
                          utility underground infrastructure, particularly within Networks operations where infrastructure is located in populated
                          areas. The comprehensive review resulted in a focus on asset strike prevention and the trialling of new work practices and
                          innovative equipment such as a ground penetrating radar, that has helped reduce the number of related strike incidents;
                        — APA’s Alcohol and Other Drugs Policy was updated to reflect a blood alcohol level of 0.00 for all employees and contractors.
                          A new protocol was introduced that provides greater emphasis on managing risks associated with alcohol and other drugs.
                          It provides for random testing for both field and corporate personnel. The protocol was rolled out with an education and
                          awareness program and forms part of the induction and ongoing training program of all employees and contractors; and
                        — Introduction of the ‘Bounce – Aspire, Participate, Achieve’ Health and Wellbeing Program. This included the rollout of an
                          online Health and Wellbeing portal for all employees that provides the latest information on key wellness topics, as well
                          as access to confidential assessments.
                        APA continues to target being a zero harm workplace for its employees, contractors and the broader communities in which it
                        operates. Disappointingly, despite an increased focus on safety and training, APA’s key injury metrics deteriorated during the
                        reporting period.
                        The Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) at the financial        Total reportable injury frequency rate (TRIFR)
                        year end was 1.76, up from 0.52 in the last financial year          15
                        and the Total Reportable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) for
                        FY2018 was 8.94, up from 7.50 in FY2017. Both frequency             10                       10.41                                        8.94
                        rates cover employees and contractors. There were multiple
                                                                                                                                             7.5
                        factors impacting the increases including continued increase
                        in reporting and a large amount of project work and                 5 8.11
                        challenges in effective contractor management, which will
                        become key areas for improvement in FY2019. Going forward,          0
                        APA will be focussing on TRIFR as its main lag metric as it              FY15                 FY16                  FY17                 FY18
                        is a truer indicator of health and safety performance than          Note: TRIFR is measured as the number of lost time and medically
                        LTIFR. Importantly, there were no fatalities of employees or        treated injuries sustained per million hours worked. Data includes both
                        contractors in FY2018 (FY2017: nil).                                employees and contractors.

                        Injuries were predominantly hand and musculoskeletal type injuries. As a result, APA has introduced targeted programs
                        such as the Hand Safety campaign and is also undertaking a comprehensive review of work practices with the goal to prevent
                        manual handling injuries through task risk assessments and improved targeted manual handling training.

                          ASSET STRIKE – KNOW WHAT’S BELOW ~ LOCATE before you EXCAVATE

                          With the majority of gas and other utility infrastructure        In response, APA developed a series of initiatives
                          buried underground and out of sight, asset strikes are an        to address these root causes, including:
                          ongoing risk to APA’s business, particularly within Networks     — Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) which has been
                          operations where infrastructure is located in populated            successfully trialled
                          areas. To reduce this risk, a comprehensive reporting
                                                                                           — Locating equipment training for supervisors and
                          mechanism was implemented in 2016 to capture detailed
                                                                                             users
                          asset strike data. This includes recording any strike on both
                          gas and electrical assets classified as high risk.               — Locating device performance specifications
                                                                                             to be standardised
                          Increasing visibility on the incidence of asset strikes and
                                                                                           — Asset owners including APA are required to review
                          having a measure of how significant the issue might
                                                                                             and update their DBYD information where it is
                          possibly be, meant that investigations, process reviews
                                                                                             found to be not correct or incomplete
                          and preventative actions can take place to reduce the risk
                          of incidence. All incidents are investigated following the       — Change in work practices and mindset
                          Incident, Cause, Analysis Method (ICAM) which is based           — Successful trial of Excavation Process flowchart
                          around 4 key questions: 1) what happened?; 2) why did it           and checklist
                          happen?; 3) what are we going to do about it?: and 4) what
                          did we learn that we can share?                                  With the change in mindset from implementing these
                                                                                           initiatives, there has been a sizable reduction in asset
                          Following a comprehensive review of all the incident root        strike incidences during the reporting period.
                          causes recorded post implementation of the new reporting
                          system, a range of causal issues were revealed, notably:
                          — Failure to locate assets – both accurately and
                             effectively
                          — Limitations of existing cable locating equipment
                          — Proliferation of mechanical excavation within three
                             metres of assets
                          — Non-compliant installation practices
                          — Dial Before You Dig (DBYD) information incorrect,
                             or not properly displayed
           32 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           11.1 Health and safety reporting (continued)
           The Strategic Improvement Plan and the planned initiatives for FY2018 have been achieved during the year with further
           details contained in the Sustainability Report. Of particular note for the period was APA’s focus on continuing to foster a
           positive Health and Safety culture at APA. During the reporting period, further development of our leaders to ‘lead a safety
           culture’ was undertaken through various training and development programs.




For personal use only
           APA’s employees continue to enthusiastically participate in APA’s annual awards recognition initiative. In FY2018, the format of
           the Excellence Awards was refreshed to align to APA’s ‘STARS’ values of Safety (including health and environment), Trustworthy,
           Adaptable, Results and Service. Over 130 nominations were received, including over 40 for the Safety Award. This award recognises
           those who go above and beyond to ensure APA is a safe and environmentally conscious organisation where people feel respected,
           valued and where their health and wellbeing is a primary focus. The winner in FY2018 was Carlo Corso, APA’s Operational Services
           Manager, for his leadership in assisting colleagues to understand, support and educate each other on the importance of APA safety
           systems, including the Permit to Work system, fire prevention and control, and Safe Work Method Statements.
           APA’s initiative in FY2016 as part of the Strategic Improvement Plan SafeDrive+ program of installing in vehicle monitoring
           systems (IVMS) in APA vehicles continues to reap safety benefits and manage APA’s operational risk. APA has a fleet of
           around 550 vehicles, with over 300 currently fitted with the IVMS technology. In FY2018, with over 15 million kilometres
           travelled by APA vehicles, there was a significant reduction in the high risk violation metrics in the areas of speed and wearing a
           seatbelt whilst moving. Vehicle movements are monitored via APA’s Integrated Operations Centre in Brisbane which provides
           employees working remotely and/or driving long distances, and their families, with a high level of comfort that APA knows
           where they are at all times and when they should arrive at their nominated destinations.
           The Safety and Operating Plan for the distribution networks in NSW and Victoria that APA operates has been audited during
           the financial year, in accordance with technical regulatory requirements.
           For further information on APA’s health and safety initiatives, please refer to the Sustainability Report (page S11 to S15),
           which forms part of this report.
           11.2 Environmental Strategy
           Following the completion of APA’s Environmental Strategy and Improvement Plan in FY2017, an Environmental Management
           Plan (EMP) Improvement Program has been developed and was approved by the Board during the reporting period.
           Implementation of the EMP Program has also commenced.
           The purpose of the EMP Program is to apply, at the asset level, the environment framework delivered under the
           Environmental Strategy and Improvement Plan. The central deliverable of the EMP Program is a refresh of APA’s existing
           environmental compliance tools that will achieve alignment, standardisation and more streamlined integration of controls
           into business operations.
           As the EMP Program is being implemented across the whole business, input will be incorporated from all operational business
           divisions in Transmission and Networks and Power and the compliance methods applied to these business units will also be
           integrated into APA’s Infrastructure Development projects as they commence.
           A key component of the EMP Program is the rollout of a revised environmental risk assessment process. This bespoke risk
           assessment methodology developed under the environmental framework will ensure alignment and standardisation of how
           APA assesses environmental risk throughout the organisation.
           The EMP Program also links to and integrates with existing businesses systems and processes wherever possible, for example
           GIS capabilities, training and on-boarding programs, work planning and scheduling, contractor management, emergency
           response and incident management.
           The EMP Program will see interdepartmental collaboration across the enterprise, linking processes and aligning thinking
           between the Environment Team and key departments including the Group Risk and Compliance, Technical and Regulator
           Compliance, Systems and Assurance, Infrastructure Protection, Enterprise Asset Management and Engineering.
           During FY2018, significant planning work was commenced to set the EMP Program up for success. Compliance registers have
           been combined, asset hazard analyses commenced and two pilot Environmental Management Plans have been completed
           for the Dandenong LNG facility (Victoria) and the Central Ranges Pipeline (NSW). These pilots validated the risk assessment
           methodology, tested the system integration of control methods and have been supported by extensive communication and
           awareness in operational business units.
           A new Environment Homepage was launched on APA’s Intranet in March 2018. This is designed as the central landing point
           for all APA employees to find compliance plans, learning resources, tools and guidelines and more. The site and central
           information bank for environmental resources has demonstrated its worth by the increased awareness and understanding of
           environmental risk and compliance across APA.
           For further information on APA’s environmental management initiatives, please refer to the Sustainability Report (page S04
           to S07), which forms part of this report.
           11.3 Environmental regulations
           Environmental regulatory frameworks continued to evolve and change across Australia in FY2018. APA monitors, adapts and
           complies with changes in environmental compliance requirements. Where appropriate, APA contributes industry knowledge
           for consideration in the development of environmental legislation.
           APA operates its assets under approved licences within relevant state and territory jurisdictions. Collaboration between APA’s
           compliance and environmental functions ensures that environmental obligations are planned for concurrently with other regulatory
           requirements so that pipeline, distribution, power and gas processing assets owned and/or operated by APA are designed, constructed,
           tested, operated and maintained in accordance with licences issued by the relevant state and territory technical regulators.
                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 33




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        11.3 Environmental regulations (continued)
                        APA a contributor to the ongoing update of the Australian Standard AS 2885 “Pipelines – Gas and Liquid Petroleum” suite of
                        documents during the reporting period. This Australian Standard is a key part of all pipeline-related environmental compliance
                        frameworks for the high-pressure pipeline industry.
                        During the period, APA also contributed the expertise of our employees to the working group of the Australian Pipelines and




For personal use only
                        Gas Association (APGA) that revised the ‘APGA Code of Environmental Practice (2017)’. The APGA Code of Environmental
                        Practice is an important document that provides industry accepted guidance on environmental management through the
                        planning and asset acquisition, construction, operational and decommissioning phases of a pipelines’ lifecycle.
                        Internal compliance audits were completed across the Transmission, Networks, Power and Infrastructure Development
                        business divisions during FY2018. Senior management reviews audit report findings and any material non-compliances and
                        incidents are communicated.
                        APA did not receive any penalty notices relating to environmental compliance in any Australian jurisdictions during the
                        reporting period.
                        11.4 Environmental reporting
                        APA continues to comply with periodic and ad hoc state and territory environmental reporting obligations. During the period,
                        APA’s business units compiled and submitted National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) reports to the responsible state and territory
                        regulators for any of the relevant 93 substances that may have been emitted to the air, land and water, and transported
                        in waste.
                        APA’s business units also submitted periodic Environmental Reports (including monthly and annual reports) to state and
                        territory regulators in FY2018, verifying the implementation of environmental controls and minimisation of environmental
                        risk across our business activities.
                        In October 2017, APA complied with Australia’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) obligations for FY2017.
                        APA’s main sources of emissions are from the combustion of natural gas in compressor stations, from fugitive emissions
                        associated with natural gas pipelines, and from gas fired power stations. NGER compliance reporting applies to assets under
                        APA’s operational control, which includes gas transmission/distribution pipelines, power generation facilities (including wind
                        farms), gas storage, gas processing, cogeneration, electricity transmission interconnectors and corporate offices.
                        APA’s summary of Scope 1 and 2 emissions and energy consumption for the 2017 financial year as reported under the NGER,
                        are set out in the following table. Reports are completed each year at the end of October for the prior financial year to allow
                        organisations time to collect, collate and calculate their energy and emissions data. APA will report its FY2018 data to the
                        Clean Energy Regulator in October 2018.
                                                                                                                                    FY2017                  FY2016                Change

                        Scope 1 (a) CO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                        1,228,807              1,084,236                 13.33%
                        Scope 2   (b)
                                        CO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                        25,012                 26,555                (5.81%)
                        Energy consumption (c) (GJ)                                                                             23,930,506               19,510,937                22.65%

                        a) Scope 1: emissions associated directly with APA facilities, such as company vehicles, ‘fuel combustion’ and fugitive emissions from gas pipelines.
                        b) Scope 2: are indirect emissions that are emitted by sources owned by another company, but result from APA’s activities such as consumption of purchased
                           electricity/fuel not generated by the facility but used under its operations.
                        c) Energy Consumption is referring to the total calculation of all energy consumed and produced by APA across all facilities i.e. it is the calculation of net energy
                           consumption and energy production. Scope 1 and energy consumption figures are correlated as the more gas that goes through APA’s system, more gas is
                           consumed to drive the compressors to transport gas through the pipelines, thereby increasing Scope 1 emissions as well as energy consumption.

                        The variations compared to the previous corresponding period are due to FY2016 figures not including Daandine Power
                        Station as this was reported in the on-site service provider’s report only.
                        12. Risk Overview
                        APA identifies risks to its business and puts in place mitigation strategies to remove or minimise the negative effect and
                        maximise opportunities in respect of those risks. Material risks are reviewed on an ongoing basis by APA’s Executive Risk
                        Management Committee and the Board Audit and Risk Management Committee, together with the relevant business units
                        and both internal and where appropriate, external, experts.
                        The Enterprise Risk Management System sets out the approach for ensuring risk is effectively identified, managed and
                        monitored. This comprises three elements including the Risk Management Policy; Risk Management Enablers providing for
                        governance, a strong risk culture, technology support and ongoing training; and the Risk Management Framework which sets
                        out key risk management processes.
                        The Enterprise Risk Management System is aligned to the international risk standard ISO 31000. All other functional risk
                        frameworks align to the Enterprise Risk Management System to provide consistency and a common language for risk which
                        is integral to key business decisions.
                        Risk assessments consider a combination of the probability and consequence of identified risks. Listed below are a number
                        of key risks that could materially affect APA. However, the risks listed may not include all risks associated with APA’s ongoing
                        operations. The materiality of risks may change and previously unidentified risks may emerge.
                        Further information on this process is provided in APA’s Corporate Governance Statement (refer to Principle 7), the
                        Sustainability Report (contained in this report) and APA’s website at https://www.apa.com.au/about-apa/our-organisation/
                        corporate-governance/.
           34 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           12. Risk Overview (continued)
                                                                                                                       – Approve risk strategy, risk policy and
                                                                         APA Group Board                                 risk framework
           APA Risk Management
                                                                                                                       – Approve risk appetite
                                                                                                                       – Approve key risk and compliance policies
              – Review current and emerging material risks             APA Group Audit &                               – Review and monitor current and
              – Review key risks and compliance policies
                                                                  Risk Management Committee                              emerging material risks and actions




For personal use only
              – Review insurance arrangements
              – Review of risk strategy and framework
              – Approve crisis management plan                    Executive Risk Management
              – Promote a risk aware culture
                                                                          Committee




                        Group Risk & Compliance/
                            Group Insurance
              – Enterprise Risk Management/
                Compliance Frameworks, systems                                                                                  Independent Review
                and guidance
              – Business Continuity and Crisis                            APA Divisions                                – Internal Audit
                Management framework                                                                                   – External Audit
              – Asset, project and corporate                      – Implement Risk Frameworks                          – Third party audits and reviews
                insurance program                                 – Own risks, controls and actions
                                                                  – Own compliance plans and controls
                                                                  – Support provided from
                                                                    functional risk specialists
                                                                  – Review and report risk exposures                              Divisional Review
                    Functional risk frameworks
                                                                  – Apply risk appetite in key decisions
                                                                                                                       – Functional risk review
              Aligned to Enterprise Risk                                                                               – Divisional audits and testing
              Management Framework including
              – IT Security
              – Safety & Environment
              – Treasury Risk
              – Project Risk



           12.1 Key risks
           Type of Risk                     Description                                                    Management Actions to Mitigate Risks

           Strategic risks – risks arising from the industry and geographical environments within which APA operates, including its
           markets, customers, brand and reputation, and regulatory policy.

           Economic regulation              APA has a number of significant assets and                     — Strong regulatory and policy functions,
                                            investments in its portfolio subject to economic                 active in regulatory management and policy
                                            regulation, which includes the regulation of                     development.
                                            prices that APA is permitted to charge for                     — Assessment of key policy change proposals
                                            certain services. Government policy in relation                  for potential impacts on APA’s business.
                                            to the Australian domestic gas market also
                                            continues to develop. Changes in policy as to
                                            which assets are regulated and the settings
                                            applicable to regulated assets can impact
                                            APA’s business.
           Bypass and                       APA’s future earnings may be reduced if                        — Structured and flexible services that
           competition risk                 customers purchase gas transportation services                   leverage APA’s capability and infrastructure.
                                            from new pipelines that by-pass or compete                     — Customer relationship engagement
                                            with APA’s pipelines, rather than from APA’s                     and active management of business
                                            existing pipelines.                                              development opportunities.
                                                                                                           — Asset management plans aligned with
                                                                                                             capacity contracting strategy.
           Gas demand risk                  Reduced end user demand for gas driven by its                  — Monitoring commodity markets, export
                                            price, relative to competing energy sources or                   outlook and gas market developments for
                                            gas swap contracts, may reduce demand levels                     throughput impacts.
                                            for services on APA’s assets.                                  — Flexible gas transport and storage services
                                                                                                             supporting gas fired generators.
                                                                                                           — Long term gas storage/transportation
                                                                                                             agreements.
           Gas supply risk                  A long-term shortage of competitively priced                   — Recontracting strategy and market
                                            gas, either as a result of gas reserve depletion,                monitoring.
                                            allocation of gas to other markets, or the                     — Knowledge and monitoring of gas reserves
                                            unwillingness or inability of gas production                     to identify potential opportunities.
                                            companies to produce gas, may adversely affect
                                            APA’s contracted revenue and the carrying value
                                            of APA’s assets.
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 35




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        12.1 Key risks (continued)

                        Type of Risk               Description                                           Management Actions to Mitigate Risks
                        Counterparty risk          The failure of a counterparty to meet its             — Portfolio of investment grade credit
                                                   contractual commitments to APA, whether in              rated customers.




For personal use only
                                                   whole or in part, could reduce future anticipated     — Strong counterparty credit due diligence
                                                   revenue, unless and until APA is able to secure an      with customer credit exposures
                                                   alternative customer.                                   closely monitored.
                                                                                                         — Contractual credit support arrangements
                                                                                                           in place.
                        Contract renewal risk      Due to a range of factors, APA may not be             — Recontracting strategy in place with close
                                                   successful in recontracting available pipeline          monitoring of contract renewal portfolio.
                                                   capacity or power generation capacity when            — Monitoring of emerging gas supply
                                                   it comes due for contract renewal, or may only          alternatives and power generation market
                                                   be able to recontract at reduced prices or for          developments to identify opportunities.
                                                   shorter periods.
                        Reputation risk            APA relies on a level of public acceptance for        — Engagement with key stakeholders
                                                   the development and operation of its assets.            (landowners, producers, customers,
                                                   Community sentiment in relation to the energy           government etc).
                                                   industry as a whole, as well as APA’s business        — Industry engagement and contribution
                                                   may impact APA’s commercial opportunities,              to Energy Charter initiative.
                                                   its ability to develop new projects and operate
                                                   its assets.
                        Climate Risk               APA and its customers may be adversely                — Commitment to implementation of
                                                   affected by the physical impacts of climate             Task Force on Climate Related Financial
                                                   change including increases in temperature,              Disclosures (TCFD).
                                                   sea levels, and the frequency of adverse              — Program of work to understand climate
                                                   climatic events including fires, storms, floods         change impacts on business and strengthen
                                                   and droughts.                                           climate risk governance is underway.

                        Financial risks – risks arising from the management of APA’s financial resources, accounting, tax and financial disclosure.

                        Interest rates and         APA is exposed to movements in interest rates         — Risk limits set by the Board and
                        refinancing risks          where floating interest rate funds are not              managed in line with APA’s Treasury Risk
                                                   effectively hedged. It also remains exposed             Management Policy.
                                                   to refinancing risk if it is unable to replace an     — Debt structured to spread maturities over
                                                   existing loan with a new one at a critical time.        a number of years.
                                                                                                         — Maximum and minimum interest rate
                                                                                                           hedging levels defined and managed using
                                                                                                           derivatives and debt issued at fixed interest
                                                                                                           rates through to maturity.
                                                                                                         — Access to broad range of global debt capital
                                                                                                           markets maintained.
                        Foreign exchange risks     APA is subject to currency fluctuations in relation   — Risk limits set by the Board and
                                                   to the purchase, supply and installation of             managed in line with APA’s Treasury Risk
                                                   goods and services revenue, and borrowings,             Management Policy.
                                                   in a currency other than Australian dollars.          — Hedging instruments used to cap non-AUD
                                                   There can be no assurance that APA will be              denominated revenue and expenses.
                                                   able to effectively hedge its foreign currency
                                                                                                         — Foreign currency borrowings fully hedged.
                                                   exposure, particularly in periods of significant
                                                   currency volatility, and/or that APA’s hedges will
                                                   prove effective.
                        Investment risk            Assumptions and forecasts used in making              — Board approved corporate and asset models
                                                   decisions to acquire assets and make                    used for investment decisions and planning.
                                                   investments, may ultimately not be realised.          — Models underpinning investment decisions
                                                   This may result in lower than expected returns,         independently reviewed.
                                                   unanticipated costs, new skillsets or capabilities
                                                                                                         — Oversight by APA’s Due Diligence
                                                   needing to be acquired, new types of regulatory
                                                                                                           Committees for material investment
                                                   approvals being needed where APA has
                                                                                                           transactions.
                                                   limited experience.
                        Credit rating risks        Any downgrade in APA’s credit rating could harm       — Board approves all treasury transactions
                                                   its ability to obtain financing, could increase         with counterparties falling below defined
                                                   its financing costs or cause the instruments            credit rating thresholds.
                                                   governing APA’s future debt to contain more           — Counterparties are risk assessed with
                                                   restrictive covenants.                                  credit ratings monitored and credit support
                                                                                                           obtained to limit risk exposure.
           36 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           12.1 Key risks (continued)

           Type of Risk               Description                                         Management Actions to Mitigate Risks

           Operational Risks – risks arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems or from external events
           including construction and corporate projects, technology, environment, and health and safety.




For personal use only
           Operations risk            APA is exposed to a number of risks affecting       — Operations are subject to operational safety
                                      operations including those resulting in               and environment management programs.
                                      equipment failures or breakdowns, pipeline          — Maintenance of engineering standards,
                                      ruptures, employee or equipment shortages,            including integrity monitoring and
                                      workplace safety issues, environmental damage,        maintenance programs as part of risk based
                                      contractor defaults, damage by third parties,         asset life cycle management.
                                      integration incidents from acquired or newly
                                                                                          — Asset monitoring through control
                                      constructed assets and damage from natural
                                                                                            rooms to manage flows and asset
                                      hazards, sabotage or terrorist attacks.
                                                                                            maintenance issues.
                                                                                          — Comprehensive insurance
                                                                                            arrangements provided as part of asset
                                                                                            protection program.
           Information                APA’s operations rely on a number of                — IT infrastructure managed in accordance
           technology and cyber       information technology systems, applications          with recognised industry standards across
           risk                       and business processes utilised in the delivery       hardware, software, applications and
                                      of business functions, including APA’s customer       communication systems.
                                      management system, grid network and                 — Cyber security standards across APA
                                      integrated operations centre.                         IT infrastructure, including IT vendors
                                                                                            continually assessed for new threats
                                                                                            and vulnerabilities.
                                                                                          — IT systems including SCADA are subject to
                                                                                            regular reviews and independent testing.
           People risk                APA is dependent on its ability to attract,         — Leadership capability programs in place.
                                      engage, develop and retain the right employees      — Recruitment practices in place and subject
                                      within a market where there is varying supply         to improvement.
                                      of skilled workers. APA’s operations are
                                                                                          — Talent management programs to
                                      geographically dispersed which can make
                                                                                            identify and develop technical and
                                      attraction and retention of skilled employees in
                                                                                            leadership personnel.
                                      regional and remote locations a challenge.
                                                                                          — Comprehensive training programs in place
                                                                                            to maintain and develop competencies.
           Construction and           APA’s business strategy includes the                — Access and approvals management for
           development risk           development of new pipeline capacity,                 new construction projects.
                                      renewable and gas-fired power generation            — Dedicated construction project
                                      plants, gas storage facilities and gas processing     management capability and governance to
                                      assets. This involves a number of typical             manage efficient, safe and quality delivery
                                      construction risks, including potential failure       of construction projects.
                                      to obtain necessary approvals, employee or
                                      equipment shortages, third party contractor
                                      failure, higher than budgeted construction costs
                                      and project delays.

           Compliance risks – legal or regulatory risks arising in respect of laws, regulations, licences and recognised practising codes
           including health, safety and environment, asset construction and operation, and other corporate compliance requirements.

           Compliance and             APA is subject to a range of operational            — Comprehensive Enterprise Compliance
           operating licences         regulatory requirements including environmental       Management System with regulations
                                      laws and regulations, occupational health             identified, controls monitored and assurance.
                                      and safety requirements and technical and           — Comprehensive safety management system
                                      safety standards. Changes in any such laws,           including safety compliance monitoring.
                                      regulations or policies may increase compliance
                                                                                          — Dedicated specialist teams providing
                                      requirements and costs.
                                                                                            asset level assurance for technical and
                                                                                            environment compliance.
                                                                                                                                 APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 37




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        13. Directors
                        13.1 Information on Directors and Company Secretary
                        See pages 06 to 07 for information relating to qualifications and experience on Directors and the Company Secretary.
                        13.2 Directorships of other listed companies
                        Directorships of other listed companies held by Directors at any time in the three years immediately before the end of the




For personal use only
                        financial year are as follows:
                        Name                                 Company                                                Period of directorship
                        Michael Fraser                       Aurizon Holdings Limited                               Since February 2016
                        Michael McCormack                    –                                                      –
                        Steven Crane                         nib holdings limited                                   Since September 2010, Chair since October 2011
                        Debra Goodin                         Senex Energy Limited                                   Since May 2014
                                                             oOh!media Limited                                      Since November 2014
                                                             Ten Network Holdings Limited                           August 2016 to November 2017
                                                             Atlas Arteria Limited                                  Since September 2017
                        Russell Higgins AO                   Telstra Corporation Limited                            Since September 2009
                                                             Argo Investments Limited                               Since September 2011, Chair since July 2018
                                                             Argo Global Listed Infrastructure Limited Chair since July 2018
                        Patricia McKenzie                    –                                                      –
                        Shirley In’t Veld                    Asciano Limited                                        November 2010 to August 2016
                                                             DUET Group                                             August 2013 to May 2017
                                                             Northern Star Resources Limited                        Since September 2016
                        Peter Wasow                          Alcoa Australia Limited                                January 2014 to July 2017
                                                             Oz Minerals Limited                                    Since November 2017
                                                             Alumina Limited                                        September 2011 to May 2017

                        13.3 Directors’ meetings
                        During the financial year, 17 Board meetings, four Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings, four People and
                        Remuneration Committee meetings, four Health Safety and Environment Committee meetings and six Nomination
                        Committee meetings were held. The following table sets out the number of meetings attended by each Director while they
                        were a Director or a committee member:
                                                                        People &         Audit & Risk     Health Safety
                                                                     Remuneration        Management       & Environment       Nomination
                                                       Board           Committee          Committee        Committee          Committee
                        Directors                             A            B           A          B             A          B             A           B    A       B
                        Michael Fraser                        17          16               2      2             4          4             –           –    6       6
                        Michael McCormack                     17          17           –          –             –          –             –           –    –       –
                        Steven Crane                          17          17               4      3             4          4             –           –    1       1
                        Debra Goodin                          17          17           –          –             4          4             4           4    6       6
                        Russell Higgins AO                    17          17           –          –             4          4             4           4    6       6
                        Patricia McKenzie                     17          17           4          4             –          –             4           4    1       1
                        Shirley Int’d Veld                     7           6               2      2             –          –             2           2    –       –
                        Peter Wasow                            7           6               2      2             1           1            –           –    –       –
                        Leonard Bleasel AM        (11)
                                                               6           6           –          –             –          –             –           –    1       1
                        John Fletcher (12)                    10           9               2      2             3           3            –           –    1       1

                        A: Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the financial year.
                        B: Number of meetings attended.




                        11) Leonard Bleasel AM retired as a Director on 27 October 2017.
                        12) John Fletcher retired as a Director on 21 February 2018.
           38 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           13.4 Directors’ securityholdings
           The aggregate number of APA securities held directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities at
           30 June 2018 is 800,118 (2017: 1,365,674 (13)).
           The following table sets out Directors’ relevant interests in APA securities as at 30 June 2018:




For personal use only
                                                                                          Fully paid			                         Fully paid
                                                                                    securities as at Securities Securities securities as at
           Directors                                                                    1 July 2017   acquired   disposed    30 June 2018

           Michael Fraser                                                                      25,000                  77,942                        –              102,942
           Michael McCormack                                                                 320,000                 30,000                          –            350,000
           Steven Crane                                                                      130,000                         –                       –            130,000
           Debra Goodin                                                                         19,200                 3,800                         –              23,000
           Russell Higgins AO                                                                  122,719                  7,220                        –              129,939
           Patricia McKenzie                                                                    22,889                   1,348                       –               24,237
           Shirley Int’d Veld (14)                                                                     –             25,000                          –              25,000
           Peter Wasow (15)                                                                            –              15,000                         –              15,000
           Leonard Bleasel AM        (16)
                                                                                               637,616                       –                       –                      –
           John Fletcher (17)                                                                  88,250                        –                       –                      –
                                                                                             1,365,674               160,310                         –             800,118

           The Directors hold no other rights or options over APA securities. There are no contracts to which a Director is a party or under
           which the Director is entitled to a benefit and that confer a right to call for or deliver APA securities.
           14. Options Granted
           In this report, the term “APA securities” refers to stapled securities each comprising a unit in Australian Pipeline Trust stapled
           to a unit in APT Investment Trust and traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under the code “APA”.
           No options over unissued APA securities were granted during or since the end of the financial year, no unissued APA securities
           were under option as at the date of this report, and no APA securities were issued during or since the end of the financial year
           as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued APA securities.
           15. Indemnification of Officers
           During the financial year, the Responsible Entity paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors and Officers
           of the Responsible Entity and any APA Group entity against any liability incurred in performing those roles to the extent
           permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the specific nature of the liability
           and the amount of the premium.
           Australian Pipeline Limited, in its own capacity and as Responsible Entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment
           Trust, indemnifies each Director and Company Secretary, and certain other executives, former executives and officers of the
           Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity under a range of deed polls and indemnity agreements which have been in place
           since 1 July 2000. The indemnity operates to the full extent allowed by law but only to the extent not covered by insurance,
           and is on terms the Board considers usual for arrangements of this type.
           Under its constitution, Australian Pipeline Limited (in its personal capacity) indemnifies each person who is or has been a
           Director, Company Secretary or executive officer of that company.
           The Responsible Entity has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify an officer
           or external auditor of the Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity against a liability incurred by such an officer or auditor.




           13) At 30 June 2017 the aggregate number of APA securities held directly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities included 637,616 securities held by
               Leonard Bleasel AM who retired on 27 October 2017 and 88,250 securities held by John Fletcher who retired on 21 February 2018. The aggregate number of APA
               Securities held directly or beneficially by the current Directors or their related entities as at 30 June 2017 was 639,808.
           14) Shirley In’t Veld was appointed as a Director effective 19 March 2018. She held 25,000 securities on appointment.
           15) Peter Wasow was appointed as a Director effective 19 March 2018. He held nil securities on appointment.
           16) Leonard Bleasel AM retired as the Chairman and a Director on 27 October 2017. He held 637,616 securities on retirement.
           17) John Fletcher retired as a Director on 21 February 2018. He held 88,250 securities on retirement.
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 39




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        16. Remuneration Report
                        The remuneration report is attached to and forms part of this report.
                        17. Auditor
                        17.1 Auditor’s independence declaration
                        A copy of the independence declaration of the auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Auditor) as required under section 307C of




For personal use only
                        the Corporations Act 2001 is included at page 95.
                        17.2 Non-audit services
                        Non-audit services have been provided during the financial year by the Auditor. A description of those services and the
                        amounts paid or payable to the Auditor for the services are set out in Note 27 to the financial statements.
                        The Board has considered those non-audit services provided by the Auditor and, in accordance with advice provided by the Audit
                        and Risk Management Committee (Committee), is satisfied that the provision of those services by the Auditor is compatible
                        with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 and did not compromise the
                        auditor independence requirements of the Act. The Board’s reasons for concluding that the non-audit services provided did
                        not compromise the Auditor’s independence are:
                        — all non-audit services were subject to APA’s corporate governance procedures with respect to such matters and have been
                           reviewed by the Committee to ensure they do not impact on the impartiality and objectivity of the Auditor;
                        — the non-audit services provided did not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as they did not
                           involve reviewing or auditing the Auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for APA, acting
                           as an advocate for APA or jointly sharing risks and rewards; and
                        — the Auditor has provided a letter to the Committee with respect to the Auditor’s independence and the Auditor’s
                           independence declaration referred to above.
                        18. Information Required for Registered Schemes
                        Fees paid to the Responsible Entity and its associates (including Directors and Secretaries of the Responsible Entity, related
                        bodies corporate and Directors and Secretaries of related bodies corporate) out of APA scheme property during the financial
                        year are disclosed in Note 28 to the financial statements.
                        Except as disclosed in this report, neither the Responsible Entity nor any of its associates holds any APA securities.
                        The number of APA securities issued during the financial year, and the number of APA securities on issue at the end of the
                        financial year, are disclosed in Note 21 to the financial statements.
                        The value of APA’s assets as at the end of the financial year is disclosed in the balance sheet in total assets, and the basis of
                        valuation is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
                        19. Rounding of Amounts
                        APA is an entity of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 and, in accordance with that Class Order,
                        amounts in the Directors’ report and the financial report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.
                        20. Corporate Governance Statement
                        Corporate Governance Statement for the financial year is available at APA’s website on https://www.apa.com.au/about-
                        apa/our-organisation/corporate-governance/.
                        21. Authorisation
                        The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to
                        section 298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Michael Fraser                                          Debra Goodin
                        Chairman                                                Director
                        Sydney, 22 August 2018
           40 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           remuneration report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           1. Individuals covered by this Remuneration Report
           The Remuneration Report for APA for FY2018 has been prepared in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations
           Act 2001. The information provided in this Report has been audited as required by Section 308(3C) of the Corporations Action
           2001, unless indicated otherwise, and forms part of the Directors’ Report.
           This Report includes the following KMP:




For personal use only
           — Non-executive Directors (NEDs) – current and former; and
           — Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) (1).
           Name                                              Role                                                                                      Term as KMP in 2018

           NEDs
           Michael Fraser                                    Chairman                                                                                  Full year (2)
           Steven Crane                                      Director                                                                                  Full year
           Debra (Debbie) Goodin                             Director                                                                                  Full year
           Russell Higgins AO                               Director                                                                                   Full year
           Shirley In’t Veld                                Director                                                                                   Part year (3)
           Patricia McKenzie                                 Director                                                                                  Full year
           Peter Wasow                                       Director                                                                                  Part year (4)
           Leonard Bleasel AM                                Chairman (former)                                                                         Part year (5)
           John Fletcher                                     Director (former)                                                                         Part year (6)

           Executive KMP
           Michael (Mick) McCormack                          Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director (CEO/MD)                                        Full year
           Peter Fredricson                                  Chief Financial Officer (CFO)                                                             Full year
           Ross Gersbach                                     Chief Executive Strategy and Development                                                  Full year
           Robert Wheals                                     Group Executive Transmission                                                              Full year

           2. Executive Summary
           2.1 FY2018 Remuneration highlights
           The table below provides a snapshot of the key changes and outcomes under the relevant remuneration frameworks.
           APA’s financial performance 2014 to 2018
           Normalised financial results (7)                                                                        FY2014         FY2015         FY2016         FY2017         FY2018

           Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) ($m)                                    747.3         822.3        1,330.5         1,470.1       1,518.5
           Profit after tax ($m)                                                                                       199.6         203.9           179.5         236.8          264.8
           Operating cash flow per security (cents) (8)                                                                 49.6           56.3            77.1            87.1        90.7
           Distribution per security (cents) (9)                                                                        36.3          38.0            41.5           43.5          45.0
           Closing security price at 30 June ($)                                                                        6.89           8.24           9.24             9.17         9.85




           1) The Board reviewed the composition of Executive KMP from 1 July 2017. It was recognised that members of the Executive Committee all had some degree of
              authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly. However, by the nature of their positions, some
              had a greater focus on planning and strategy, whilst, conversely, others concentrated more on the tactical execution of the business strategy. The Executive
              KMP disclosed are those whom, the Board deemed, most accurately met the definition prescribed under Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) 124.
           2) Appointed Chairman 27 October 2017.
           3) Appointed 19 March 2018.
           4) Appointed 19 March 2018.
           5) Retired 27 October 2017.
           6) Retired 21 February 2018.
           7) Normalised financial results are the statutory financial results excluding significant items. The Board considers these measures to best reflect the core
              earnings of APA.
           8) The number of securities used for the calculation of operating cash flow per security from FY2018 to FY2014 have been adjusted by an adjustment factor of
              1.0038 to reflect the discounted rights offer issued in March 2018. The average number of securities for FY2015 and FY2014 has been further adjusted by an
              adjustment factor of 1.0360 to reflect the discounted rights offer issued between 23 December 2014 and 28 January 2015. The average number of securities
              for FY2015 and FY2014 has been further adjusted by an adjustment factor of 1.0360 to reflect the discounted rights offer issued between 23 December 2014
              and 28 January 2015.
           9) Represents the total distribution applicable to the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 41




                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        2.1 FY2018 Remuneration highlights (continued)
                        Fixed pay                                                                                      Total remuneration outcomes

                        A number of fixed pay                                                                          In FY2018, APA continued
                                                                                   fixed pay in                                                                                         otal remune
                        adjustments were made to                                ge             cr                      to see strong business                                         et           r
                                                                              ra                                                                                                    ag
                        reflect the increased size,                                                                    performance and delivery




For personal use only
                                                                        Av                                se                                                                 Av                          ion
                                                                          e                             ea                                                                     er                      at
                        scope and complexity of                                                                        of value to Securityholders.
                        executive roles. These roles
                        were benchmarked against                               3.6%                                    This drove an increase in
                                                                                                                       the average (actual) total                                        7.5%
                        external positions of a                                                                        remuneration received                                 in c                      M
                                                                                                                                                                                                           P
                        comparable nature and size.                         fo                                         compared to FY2017.                                       re as
                                                                                                            P                                                                                          e
                                                                                                                                                                                                       K
                                                                               r                                                                                                         ef
                                                                                   Exe
                                                                                         c u t iv e K
                                                                                                        M                                                                                  or Executiv
                        Short term incentive

                        STI performance continues to be assessed against
                        a balanced scorecard.
                        STI awards are subject to the performance gateway
                        of Operating Cash Flow per Security (OCFPS). For
                        FY2018, OCFPS performance was assessed at 137.1%                                                            FY2017                                                 FY2018
                        out of a maximum of 150%. This provides the total
                        opportunity to which the individual executive
                                                                                                                                    80.7%                                                   79.0%
                        performance outcomes are applied.
                                                                                                                                                  STI outcome as % maximum
                        Long term incentive

                        Reflecting the link between organisational                                                     120                                                                                              0
                        performance and executive reward, executives
                                                                                                                       90                                                                                           20
                        will forfeit 50% of their LTI allocation under the
                        Relative TSR performance hurdle. The internal                                                  60                                                                                           40

                        hurdle, EBITDA/Funds Employed (FE), achieved an                                                30                                                                                           60
                        outcome of 95.4%. This means that 47.7% of the total
                        LTI opportunity will be awarded in respect of the                                              0                                                                                            80

                        FY2018 financial year.                                                                         (30)                                                                                        100
                                                                                                                                         JUN 14           JUN 15           JUN 16             JUN 17           JUN 18

                                                                                                                              APA     ASX/S&P 200 Utilities        ASX/S&P 100      APA Market Cap Ranking in ASX100


                        Minimum shareholding requirements

                        The Directors, CEO/MD and CFO met the minimum security holding requirement, the only exception being Mr Wasow,
                        as a newly appointed Director (19 March 2018). The remaining Executive KMP continued to progress towards the required level
                        for this requirement.
                        Non-executive Directors fees

                        There were no increases to Non-executive Director and Committee fees. Effective 1 January 2018, the Board adopted a total
                        remuneration approach, whereby all NED emoluments are inclusive of any superannuation contributions.

                        2.2 Actual remuneration earned in FY2018
                        The table below summarises the actual remuneration earned by the current executive KMP relating to the past financial year.
                        Name                                                                                    Fixed pay (10) $                  STI (11) $        LTI vested (12) $                       Total $

                        M McCormack                                                                                 1,955,000                  1,708,690                   1,740,831                   5,404,521
                        P Fredricson                                                                                  903,000                     532,960                    559,233                       1,995,193
                        R Gersbach                                                                                    924,980                     535,330                        577,932               2,038,242
                        R Wheals                                                                                     780,000                      503,680                    446,764                   1,730,444

                        This table supplements, and is different to, the Statutory Remuneration table, which presents the accounting expense for
                        both vested and unvested awards in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards.




                        10) Fixed pay is inclusive of cash salary and any salary sacrifice items (including any relevant fringe benefits tax) such as car parking, motor vehicles and superannuation.
                        11) STI refers to performance achieved in FY2018 and is paid in September 2018.
                        12) LTI vested refers to the cash amount paid in September 2018, based on the VWAP and number of reference units vesting at that time.
           42 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           2.3 Looking ahead to Financial Year 2019 (FY2019)
           The table below provides an overview of the activities concerning remuneration strategies and frameworks planned for FY2019.

           Fixed pay                          We will continue to set fixed pay levels with reference to comparable external benchmarks.




For personal use only
           Short term incentive (STI)         Consistent with prior financial years, balanced scorecards will be established for each
                                              Executive KMP, covering key performance indicators across financial, business, strategic,
                                              people development and health, safety and environment with measures for target and
                                              stretch outcomes in FY2019.

           Long term incentive (LTI)          The Board continues to believe that the LTI provides the most effective link between
                                              executive retention and alignment with the creation of longer term Securityholder value.

           3. Executive Remuneration Framework
           The Board recognises remuneration plays an important role in both supporting and implementing the achievement of APA’s
           operational strategy over both the short and longer terms. The key principles of the remuneration policy are to:
           — Ensure the remuneration model is aligned with APA’s business strategy and its execution;
           — Provide competitive rewards to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled executives; and
           — Ensure an appropriate component of remuneration is linked to the creation of value for our investors.
           3.1 Remuneration overview for FY2018
           The following timeline illustrates the time frame for the assessment and delivery of fixed remuneration and variable reward.

           Jul 15             Jul 16           Jul 17                 Jul 18                     Jul 19                    Jul 20    Jul 21         Jul 22



                                                          Fixed Pay       Fixed pay for following year assessed August 2018


                                                             LTI                           Award based on performance 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018
                                                                               STI
                                                        performance                        Paid September 2018

                                                                               1/3 vesting (after 1 year)
                                                      Fixed Pay
                        LTI – allocation performance period                                 1/3 vesting (after 2 years)

                                                                                                      1/3 vesting (after 3 years)



           3.2 Remuneration structure
           The table to the right provides an
           overview of the pay mix for Executive             30%                                               25%
           KMP. Each remuneration element
           is expressed as a percentage of                                                                            Other
                                                                   CEO/MD            40%                             Executive 50%
           the target total reward opportunity.                                                                        KMP
                                                                                                               25%
                                                                   30%


                                                                                     Fixed pay       STI       LTI
           Fixed pay
           Fixed pay includes base salary and any salary sacrifice items (including any relevant fringe benefits tax) such as car parking,
           motor vehicles and superannuation. The level of fixed pay is based on a number of factors, including the skills and experience
           of the individual, external market positioning and the size and complexity of the role.
           APA benchmarks each Executive KMP role against external positions in companies with comparable market capitalisation,
           similar industries and key comparators to gain a comprehensive view of all elements of executive remuneration.
           Variable reward
           Variable reward consists of incentive schemes which focus on APA and individual performance on an annual (STI) and longer
           term (LTI) basis.
           The size of the “pool” of funds available for the short term incentive is determined by the Group’s OCFPS for the year. This
           is then subject to individual performance of executives against key measures. Actual performance against STI objectives
           is assessed at the end of the financial year. This assessment is reviewed by the People and Remuneration Committee (the
           Committee). The Committee (in conjunction with the Board) reviews the assessment of each executive’s outcome in light of
           the overall business performance, and provides final approval of the STI outcomes upon completion of the review.
           The LTI complements the STI by focussing executives on the long term performance of APA. Performance is assessed over the
           three years preceding the LTI allocation, based on relative shareholder returns (relative TSR measure) and cash flow leverage
           achieved based on operating assets (EBITDA/FE measure). The Committee reviews the performance over the preceding
           three year period, with the Board providing final approval of the LTI allocation.
                                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 43




                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        4. Executive Incentive Plans and FY2018 Outcomes
                        4.1 Short term incentive plan
                        The diagram below outlines the STI plan design for FY2018.

                                                STI Scorecard                                                                     STI opportunity




For personal use only
                                                                                             Weighting % dependent
                                                                                                                                                                                   Individual

                         Gateway and modifier
                                                Scorecard area                                                                    Role          Target        Stretch
                                                                                                                                                                                  STI outcome
                                                Financial                                                                         CEO/MD        30.0%          45.0%               (delivered
                                                                                                                                                                                   in cash in
                         Operating Cash Flow
                                                Strategic                                                                         Other
                                                                                                                                                                                  September)


                                                                                              on Executive KMP
                                                                                                                                  Executive         25.0%       37.5%
                                                Health, safety & environment                                                      KMP

                             per Security
                                                People development & culture
                                                Personal (including specific
                                                divisional KPIs)




                         STI opportunity is only realisable if the OCFPS gateway performance set by the Board is met.
                         If the gateway is met, the STI opportunity available may be modified based on OCFPS performance achieved.
                         The adjustment is based on a sliding scale and the STI is either positively or negatively modified depending on the financial result.


                        FY2018 STI outcomes – CEO/MD
                        The Board reviewed the CEO/MD’s performance in light of APA’s performance in FY2018, taking into account his performance
                        against the key performance indicators (KPIs) in his STI scorecard, and determined that the STI outcome is 85.0% of his Target.

                        CEO/MD FY18 STI scorecard outcomes

                        Scorecard area                        KPI measure                                            Weighting                                  Outcome
                                                                                                                                  Threshold                                                 100%
                                                              Deliver OCFPS targets
                        Financial                                                                                         53%
                                                              Delivery of capital projects

                                                              Regulatory Management
                        Strategic                             Strategy Development                                        25%
                                                              Non-Pipeline Growth

                                                              TRIFR
                        Health, safety
                                                              CHAT (Contractor HSE                                         5%
                        & environment                         Assessment Tool) Audits complete

                        People development                    Leadership & Succession
                                                              Diversity & Inclusion                                        7%
                        & culture

                        Personal                              At Board Discretion                                         10%

                        Total                                                                                           100%                                      85%


                        The CEO/MD sets the scorecard measures for the other Executive KMP, ensuring scorecards reflect the priorities of the
                        relevant area of the business as well as APA as a whole. FY2018 STI scorecard outcomes for the Executive KMP ranged
                        between 84.7% and 94.2% of Target (i.e. 100%).
                        These are individual performance outcomes which are then adjusted by APA’s performance against the OCFPS performance
                        modifier, which acts as a form of ‘gate opener’ and a determinant of the overall STI opportunity.
                        FY2018 STI outcomes – Executive KMP
                        Detailed below are the individual scorecard outcomes for each of the Executive KMP. While there are a number of shared
                        KPIs, different weightings and KPIs have also been set for each Executive KMP, reflecting the nature of their role and its
                        contribution to APA’s business outcomes.
                                                                                   KPI outcomes against target outcome (maximum opportunity)
                        Executive KMP                                                                                        Financial KPIs          Non-financial KPIs     Performance outcome

                        P Fredricson                                                                                       100.0% (45.0%)                   74.7% (55.0%)          86.1% (100%)
                        R Gersbach                                                                                         100.0% (25.0%)                   79.6% (75.0%)          84.7% (100%)
                        R Wheals                                                                                           100.0% (38.0%)               90.6% (62.0%)              94.2% (100%)
           44 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           FY2018 STI outcomes – Executive KMP (continued)
           The table below provides an overview of the STI outcomes for FY2018, representing the combination of both individual
           performance outcomes (against agreed objectives) and the application of the STI Plan modifier (i.e. the OCFPS performance
           level of 137.1% out of a maximum of 150%).
                                                                              STI earned                           STI forfeited




For personal use only
                                                                                % of maximum		 % of maximum
           Executive KMP                                                           opportunity $ earned opportunity                                  $ foregone

           M McCormack                                                                        77.7%             1,708,690                  22.3%       490,685
           P Fredricson                                                                       78.7%              532,960                   21.3%        144,290
           R Gersbach                                                                         77.4%              535,330                   22.6%        156,170
           R Wheals                                                                           86.1%              503,680                   13.9%         81,320

           4.2 Long term incentive plan
           The Executive KMP have a target LTI opportunity of 100% of their allocated percentage of total reward, increasing to a
           maximum of 150%, where outstanding performance is achieved against the performance hurdles. The diagram below
           outlines the LTI plan design for FY2018.
           Jul 15                 Jul 16                   Jul 17                    Jul 18                      Jul 19                    Jul 20          Jul 21


               Relative TSR (50%)                                                              1/3 vesting
               Measured relative to a peer group comprising of S&P/ASX 100                     after one year
               constituents and over the three financial years preceding the
               allocation of reference units.

                                                                                                      1/3 vesting after two years

               EBITDA/FE (50%)
               Measured over the three financial years preceding the allocation
               of reference units.                                                                                1/3 vesting after three years


                                              Allocation of reference units based on relative TSR and EBITDA/FE performance
                                                 using a 30-day VWAP. Reference units are settled in cash, and do not entitle
                                            the executive to voting rights or distributions. There is no retesting of the allocation.

           Determining the number of reference units

           Relative TSR        A sliding scale is set each year to deliver between 0% and 150% of eligible reference units, where the
                               performance gateway is the achievement of the 50th percentile over a three year period.

           EBITDA/FE           A sliding scale also ranges between 0% and 150%, which becomes progressively more challenging with the
                               maximum amount of 150% available only when EBITDA/FE performance is significantly above the agreed
                               financial metrics.

           Allocation schedules

           Measure             Performance outcome                                     Allocation outcome

                               Less than 50 percentile                                 0% of eligible reference units
           Relative TSR
                               Between 50 percentile and 82.5 percentile               Sliding scale between 0% and 150% of eligible reference units

                               Less than 10.372%                                       0% of eligible reference units
           EBITDA/FE
                               Greater than 10.372%                                    Sliding scale between 80% and 150% of eligible reference units

           FY2018 LTI outcomes
           Eligible executives received cash-settled reference units with an allocation date of August 2018 (vesting and paid in September
           over the three following years of 2019, 2020 and 2021 in equal parts). The table below provides a summary of LTI awards
           based on performance against the hurdles for the current and previous three years.
                                                                                              Performance assessment
                                                                                                                                               LTI awarded % of
           Year allocation                                                     Relative TSR (50%)                EBITDA/FE (50%)             maximum allocation

           FY2015                                                                                100.0                              90.8                   95.4
           FY2016                                                                                  85.3                             62.9                   74.1
           FY2017                                                                                  73.4                             83.2                   78.3
           FY2018                                                                                     0.0                           63.6                   31.8
                                                                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 45




                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        FY2018 LTI outcomes (continued)
                        Below is a summary of LTI allocations relating to FY2018 based on performance against the hurdles over the three year
                        performance period. These units were allocated in August 2018.
                                                                                        Number of reference                  Potential value of
                        Executive KMP                                                         units allocated      allocation yet to vest ($) (13)




For personal use only
                        M McCormack                                                                                                71,364                              699,032
                        P Fredricson                                                                                               21,975                              215,252
                        R Gersbach                                                                                                 22,437                              219,777
                        R Wheals                                                                                                   18,981                              185,925

                        5. Other Remuneration Elements
                        5.1 Contractual arrangements
                        Remuneration arrangements for Executive KMP are formalised in individual employment agreements, summarised in the
                        table below.
                        			Termination                                                                                       Termination
                                                       Contract type Notice period          without cause                     with cause

                        CEO/MD                                           Permanent             12 months         52 weeks fixed pay           Immediate without notice period
                        Executive KMP other than CEO/MD                  Permanent            Six months         13 weeks fixed pay           Immediate without notice period

                        5.2 Additional provisions
                        The table below summarises additional provisions as they relate to the remuneration of Executive KMP.
                        Provision                            STI                                                           LTI

                        Clawback                             The Board in its discretion may determine that some, or all, of an Executive KMP’s STI and/
                                                             or LTI awards be forfeited in the event of misconduct or of a material misstatement in the
                                                             year‑end financial statements in the preceding three years.

                        Cessation of employment              If a participant resigns or is dismissed (with                If a participant resigns or is dismissed
                                                             or without notice), any unpaid STI awards                     (with or without notice), all unvested
                                                             are forfeited. If an employee leaves for any                  reference units are forfeited. If an employee
                                                             other reason, an STI award may be paid out                    leaves for any other reason, the Board
                                                             based on the proportion of the period that                    determines the number of reference units
                                                             has passed and performance at the time of                     which will lapse or are retained, subject to
                                                             cessation (subject to Board discretion).                      vesting on the original schedule.

                        Change of control                    Subject to Board discretion, if a change of                   Subject to Board discretion, if a change
                                                             control occurs, an STI award will be paid                     of control occurs, all previously allocated
                                                             out based on the proportion of the period                     reference units will vest to the extent to which
                                                             that has passed at the time of change of                      performance conditions have been met, i.e.
                                                             control to the extent to which performance                    tenure. A further number of reference units
                                                             conditions have been met.                                     will be allocated based on the proportion of
                                                                                                                           the period that has passed in the current
                                                                                                                           financial year at the time of change of control
                                                                                                                           and will also vest on change of control.

                        5.3 Minimum security ownership requirement
                        The minimum security ownership requirement helps to ensure the interests of Directors, Executive KMP and investors
                        are aligned.
                        Executive KMP (14) are expected to grow their holding to the minimum security ownership requirement within five years from
                        the date of the implementation of the minimum security ownership requirement policy in 2016. These security holdings have
                        to be acquired from post-tax income as APA does not have an equity-settled LTI. As at 30 June 2018:
                        — The minimum security ownership requirement for the CEO/MD equals his annual gross fixed pay; and
                        — The minimum security ownership requirement for Executive KMP is 50% of their annual gross fixed pay.
                        5.4 Sign-on/loans/termination payments provided to Executive KMP
                        APA did not pay any sign-on payments to Executive KMP during FY2018.
                        No loans have been made to any Executive KMP and/or related parties.
                        No termination payments have been made to Executive KMP during FY2018.




                        13) The potential value of the allocation has been estimated based on the cash award valuations at the allocation date.
                        14) Subsequently appointed Executive KMP have three years from their date of appointment to meet the minimum security ownership requirement.
           46 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           6. Non-executive Directors
           6.1. Determination of Non-executive Director fees
           The Board seeks to attract and retain high calibre Non-executive Directors (NED) who are equipped with diverse skills to
           oversee all functions of APA in an increasingly complex environment. NED fees comprise:
           — A Board fee;




For personal use only
           — An additional fee for serving on a committee of the Board; and
           — Statutory superannuation contributions.
           NEDs do not receive incentive payments or participate in incentive plans of any type. One off ‘per diems’ may be paid in
           exceptional circumstances. No payments were made under this arrangement in this or the prior reporting period. Fees are
           inclusive of superannuation contributions which are provided in accordance with the statutory requirements under the
           Superannuation Guarantee Act.
           The Board Chairman does not receive additional fees for attending committee meetings.
           6.2 Aggregate fee pool
           The aggregate fee pool for NEDs is currently $2,500,000 (inclusive of the applicable superannuation guarantee levy).
           6.3 Director fees
           No changes were made to NED fees in FY2018. Note that the fees detailed below are inclusive of superannuation (15).
                                                                                                                                   Effective 1 January 2018
                                                                                                                                Chairman                Member
           Fees                                                                                                                    $000                  $000

           Board                                                                                                                       511.4                 174.1
           Audit and Risk Management Committee                                                                                          47.9                 23.9
           Health, Safety and Environment Committee                                                                                     39.9                  19.9
           People and Remuneration Committee                                                                                            39.9                  19.9
           Nominations Committee                                                                                                None paid             None paid

           6.4 Minimum security ownership requirement
           NEDs are expected to hold securities to a value which is not less than the annual base Board fee (before tax and excluding
           fees applicable to membership of Committees). This level of securityholding is to be held throughout their tenure as NEDs
           and is a requirement of their employment agreement. As at 30 June 2018 all NEDs met this requirement, with the exception
           of Peter Wasow, who was newly appointed in March 2018.
           7. Remuneration Governance
           7.1 Role of People and Remuneration Committee
           The Committee has been established by the Board to oversee Executive KMP and NED remuneration. The role of the Committee
           is to ensure the provision of a robust remuneration system that aligns employee and investor interests whilst facilitating the
           attraction, retention and development of employees. The Committee’s activities are governed by its Charter (a copy of which
           is available on APA’s website: https://www.apa.com.au/about-apa/our-organisation/corporate-governance/).
           In addition to making recommendations regarding APA’s remuneration strategy and policy, people and diversity and inclusion
           matters, the Committee is specifically responsible for:
           — Recommending the CEO/MD’s performance objectives, remuneration and appointment, retention and termination
             policy to the Board;
           — Reviewing and approving remuneration for Executive KMP (based on recommendations from the CEO/MD);
           — Reviewing and recommending the Remuneration Report to the Board; and
           — Reviewing senior executive succession and talent plans.
           7.2 Composition of the Committee
           The members of the Committee, all of whom are independent NEDs, are:
           — Peter Wasow (Chairman);
           — Steven Crane;
           — Shirley In’t Veld; and
           — Patricia McKenzie.
           The CEO/MD and nominated senior executives attend meetings of the Committee by invitation. The Committee met four
           times during the year.




           15) NED fees, as reported in FY2017 and FY2016, were exclusive of superannuation. Effective 1 January 2018, APA adopted a total remuneration approach,
               whereby all NED emoluments are inclusive of any superannuation contributions.
                                                                                                                                         APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 47




                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        7.3 Use of external advisors
                        The Committee seeks external professional advice from time to time on matters within its terms of reference. Remuneration
                        advisors are engaged by the Committee and report directly to the Committee. During FY2018, the following remuneration
                        information was obtained and considered by the Committee:
                        — Ernst & Young provided remuneration benchmarking information and assisted with remuneration governance;




For personal use only
                        — Egan & Associates provided fee and remuneration benchmarking information for NED fees; and
                        — Orient Capital (part of the Link Group) provided relative TSR benchmarking analysis.
                        No recommendations were made by these external advisors regarding remuneration arrangements. APA employs internal
                        remuneration professionals, providing analysis to the Committee and Board. This advice is used as a guide, and does not serve
                        as a substitute for the thorough consideration of the issues by each Director.
                        8. Statutory Tables
                        8.1 Total remuneration earned and received by Executive KMP (16)
                                                              Short-Term Employment Benefits $                        Post-Employment $                       LTI Plans $                Total $
                        				Security-Based
                         Salary (17) Awarded STI (18) Superannuation Payments (19)

                        M McCormack
                        2018                                        1,930,000                     1,708,690                             25,000                  1,479,646             5,143,336
                        2017                                        1,865,000                      1,724,472                            35,000                  1,485,242             5,109,714
                        P Fredricson
                        2018                                          878,000                       532,960                             25,000                    472,995            1,908,955
                        2017                                          842,000                        541,944                            35,000                    485,756            1,904,700
                        R Gersbach
                        2018                                            904,931                     535,330                             20,049                     488,139            1,948,449
                        2017                                          860,000                         512,739                           35,000                    504,246              1,911,985
                        R Wheals
                        2018                                          755,000                       503,680                             25,000                    381,368            1,665,048
                        2017                                          702,000                         461,765                          30,000                     374,026              1,567,791

                        Total Remuneration
                        2018                                          4,467,931                  3,280,660                              95,049                  2,822,148           10,665,788

                        2017                                        4,269,000                     3,240,920                           135,000                   2,849,270           10,494,190




                        16) This table outlines the total remuneration earned by Executive KMP during FY2017 and FY2018, calculated in accordance with the appropriate accounting
                            standard, AASB 2: Share-based Payments. The FY2017 total remuneration differs from the amount disclosed in the Report last year due to the review of
                            Executive KMP.
                        17) Salary includes both fixed pay and any salary sacrificed items, such as motor vehicles or car parking (including any applicable fringe benefits tax). It is exclusive
                            of superannuation contributions.
                        18) Awarded STI relates to that element of remuneration which is earned by the Executive KMP in respect of performance during each financial year (or for the
                            relevant period that they were KMP as set out in the Report).
                        19) With regards to the LTI, this requires three equal instalments to be amortised over a four year period, that is the year of service to which the LTI allocation is
                            awarded plus the following three year period in which the reference units vest. Cash settled reference units which were allocated during FY2018, based on an
                            estimated VWAP of $9.7953.
           48 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           8.2 NED Statutory Remuneration Disclosure – NED Remuneration for FY2017 and FY2018
                                                                                          Short-term    Post-employment
                                                                                  employment benefits           benefits
                                                                                                Fees     Superannuation              Total
           Financial Year                                                                          $                  $                 $




For personal use only
           M Fraser (20)
           FY2018                                                                             377,667            35,900            413,567
           FY2017                                                                             196,227             18,854           215,081
           S Crane
           FY2018                                                                             208,125             19,775          227,900
           FY2017                                                                             217,200            20,650            237,850
           D Goodin
           FY2018                                                                             211,775             20,125          231,900
           FY2017                                                                             195,750            18,600            214,350
           R Higgins AO
           FY2018                                                                             217,200            20,600           237,800
           FY2017                                                                             213,600            20,300           233,900
           P McKenzie
           FY2018                                                                            195,400             18,600           214,000
           FY2017                                                                             192,200            18,300           210,500
           S In’t Veld   (21)


           FY2018                                                                              56,252              5,355            61,607
           P Wasow (22)
           FY2018                                                                              62,527              5,930            68,457
           L Bleasel AM         (23)


           FY2018                                                                             152,129             14,464           166,593
           FY2017                                                                            453,500              43,100          496,600
           J Fletcher (24)
           FY2018                                                                            144,800              13,733           158,533
           FY2017                                                                             213,600            20,300           233,900

           Total
           FY2018                                                                           1,625,875            154,482         1,780,357

           FY2017                                                                           1,682,077            160,104          1,842,181

           8.3 Outstanding LTI awards
           The following table sets out the movements in the number of LTI reference units and the number of LTI reference units that
           have been allocated to executives but have not yet vested or been paid, and the years in which they will vest.
           Reflecting the equity raising in February 2018, all unvested units have been adjusted by a factor of 1.0017. The adjustment (25)
           is not retrospective and only impacts allocations vesting in August 2018, August 2019 and August 2020.




           20) Appointed Chairman 27 October 2017.
           21) Appointed 19 March 2018.
           22) Appointed 19 March 2018.
           23) Retired 27 October 2017.
           24) Retired 21 February 2018.
           25) Effective from 22 August 2018, being the date of Board approval.
                                                                                                                                    APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 49




                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        8.3 Outstanding LTI awards (continued)
                                                                                                                                           Reference units allocated that have
                                                                                                                                   Units     not yet vested or been paid and
                                                           Opening                                              Closing       subject to    the months in which they will vest
                                                           balance              Units Cash settled             balance     allocation by
                                           Allocation       at 1 Jul       allocated    reference             at 30 Jun    the Board in       Aug          Aug      Aug         Aug




For personal use only
                                           Date             2017 (26)         in 2018   units paid                 2018        Aug 2018      2018         2019     2020        2021
                        M McCormack        2014               45,047                         (45,047)
                                           2015              125,636                          (62,765)           62,871                     62,871
                                           2016              155,720                          (51,848)         103,872                      51,936       51,936
                                           2017                               188,742                           188,742                     62,914       62,914    62,914
                                           2018                                                                                   71,364                 23,788   23,788      23,788
                                           Total                                                                                           177,721   138,638      86,702      23,788
                        P Fredricson       2014               15,750                          (15,750)
                                           2015               42,672                          (21,318)           21,354                     21,354
                                           2016                49,110                         (16,352)           32,758                     16,379       16,379
                                           2017                               58,077                            58,077                      19,359       19,359    19,359
                                           2018                                                                                   21,975                  7,325     7,325      7,325
                                           Total                                                                                            57,092       43,063   26,684       7,325
                        R Gersbach         2014                16,611                          (16,611)
                                           2015               45,024                          (22,493)           22,531                     22,531
                                           2016                50,111                         (16,685)           33,426                     16,713       16,713
                                           2017                                59,271                            59,271                     19,757       19,757    19,757
                                           2018                                                                                   22,437                  7,479     7,479      7,479
                                           Total                                                                                           59,001        43,949    27,236      7,479
                        R Wheals           2014              10,500                          (10,500)
                                           2015               32,277                           (16,125)          16,152                     16,152
                                           2016               39,875                          (13,277)          26,598                      13,299       13,299
                                           2017                                48,477                           48,477                      16,159       16,159    16,159
                                           2018                                                                                   18,981                  6,327     6,327      6,327
                                           Total                                                                                            45,610       35,785   22,486       6,327

                        8.4 Securityholdings
                        The following table sets out the relevant interests of NEDs and Executive KMP in APA securities:
                                                                        Opening Balance at                        Securities               Securities             Closing Balance
                        Year ended 30 June 2018                                 1 July 2017                        Acquired                Disposed               at 30 June 2018

                        Non-executive Directors
                        M Fraser (27)                                                    25,000                       77,942                         –                       102,942
                        S Crane                                                         130,000                              –                       –                      130,000
                        D Goodin                                                         19,200                       3,800                          –                       23,000
                        R Higgins AO                                                     122,719                      7,220                          –                       129,939
                        P McKenzie                                                       22,889                           1,348                      –                        24,237
                        S In’t Veld (28)                                                        –                   25,000                           –                       25,000
                        P Wasow (29)                                                            –                    15,000                          –                       15,000

                        Executive KMP
                        M McCormack                                                     320,000                     30,000                           –                      350,000
                        P Fredricson                                                    40,000                        8,500                          –                       48,500
                        R Gersbach                                                       20,485                       1,206                          –                        21,691
                        R Wheals                                                         32,000                           1,883                      –                       33,883

                        Executive KMP are subject to APA’s Securities Trading Policy. A Director or Designated Person (as defined in this policy) with
                        price-sensitive information relating to APA (which is not generally available) is precluded from trading in APA securities.

                        26) The units have been adjusted following the discounted equity entitlement offer.
                        27) Appointed Chairman 27 October 2017.
                        28) Appointed 19 March 2018.
                        29) Appointed 19 March 2018.
           50 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018

           		     2018  2017
            Note $000  $000

           Continuing operations
           Revenue                                                                              4        2,364,798        2,304,627




For personal use only
           Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures using the equity method        4           21,924            21,793
            2,386,722
           		         2,326,420
           Asset operation and management expenses		                                                      (214,339)         (207,329)
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                5         (578,916)        (570,021)
           Other operating costs – pass-through                                                 5         (445,307)         (438,140)
           Finance costs                                                                        5          (515,515)        (518,249)
           Employee benefit expense                                                             5         (197,545)         (197,747)
           Other expenses		                                                                                 (5,206)          (8,600)
                             429,894
           Profit before tax		       386,334
           Income tax expense                                                                   6         (165,055)         (149,488)
           Profit for the year		
                               264,839 236,846

           Other comprehensive income, net of income tax
           Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
           Actuarial gain on defined benefit plan		                                                          1,588             5,452
           Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently		                          (476)           (1,636)
            1,112
           		     3,816
           Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
           Transfer of gain on cash flow hedges to profit or loss		                                         93,901           92,459
           (Loss)/gain on cash flow hedges taken to equity		                                              (278,831)         164,536
           Gain on associate hedges taken to equity		                                                        8,632            10,921
           Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently		                             52,906          (80,354)
            (123,392)
           		         187,562
           Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)                                           (122,280)          191,378
           Total comprehensive income for the year		
                                                   142,559 428,224

           Profit attributable to:
           Unitholders of the parent		                                                                     196,790          163,879
           Non-controlling interest – APT Investment Trust unitholders		                                    68,049            72,967
           APA stapled securityholders		                                                                   264,839          236,846

           Total comprehensive income attributable to:
           Unitholders of the parent		                                                                      74,510          355,257
           Non-controlling interest – APT Investment Trust unitholders                                      68,049            72,967
           APA stapled securityholders		                                                                   142,559          428,224

           			2017
           Earnings per security		
                                 2018 (Restated)

           Basic and diluted (cents per security)                                               7             23.3              21.2

           The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
           accompanying notes.
                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 51




                        consolidated statement of financial position.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2018



                        		     2018  2017
                         Note $000  $000

                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents   18 100,643  394,501




For personal use only
                        Trade and other receivables  9  251,720 289,709
                        Other financial assets      20   55,525  52,334
                        Inventories		                    28,534  25,260
                        Other		                          12,487  10,527
                        Current assets		
                                       448,909 772,331

                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                           9            14,030           15,496
                        Other financial assets                                                              20           591,487          458,773
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                   23            271,597         259,882
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                        11        9,691,666        9,150,165
                        Goodwill                                                                             12        1,183,604        1,183,604
                        Other Intangible assets                                                              12        2,992,431        3,174,282
                        Other                                                                               15            33,502            31,415
                        Non-current assets		
                                           14,778,317 14,273,617
                        Total assets		
                                     15,227,226 15,045,948

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables    10                                                                  381,676              312,611
                        Borrowings                  18                                                                  329,219             126,858
                        Other financial liabilities 20                                                                  139,401             145,768
                        Provisions                  14                                                                   83,629              93,773
                        Unearned revenue		                                                                               20,922               19,225
                        Current liabilities		
                                            954,847 698,235

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables    10                                                                     5,089             4,984
                        Borrowings                  18                                                                 9,321,377        9,573,907
                        Other financial liabilities 20                                                                   128,510          182,087
                        Deferred tax liabilities     6                                                                  558,442          502,265
                        Provisions                  14                                                                     71,951          69,051
                        Unearned revenue		                                                                                60,183            37,236
                        Non-current liabilities                                                                       10,145,552       10,369,530
                        Total liabilities		
                                          11,100,399 11,067,765
                        Net assets		
                                   4,126,827 3,978,183

                        Equity
                        Australian Pipeline Trust equity:
                        Issued capital                    21                                                           3,288,123            3,114,617
                        Reserves                                                                                        (331,165)           (207,773)
                        Retained earnings		                                                                              105,412             60,804
                        Equity attributable to unitholders of the parent                                              3,062,370         2,967,648

                        Non-controlling interests:
                        APT Investment Trust:
                        Issued capital		                                                                               1,030,176            976,284
                        Retained earnings		                                                                               34,228             34,198
                        Equity attributable to unitholders of APT Investment Trust                          22        1,064,404         1,010,482
                        Other non-controlling interest		                                                                      53                 53
                        Total non-controlling interests		                                                             1,064,457         1,010,535
                        Total equity                                                                                   4,126,827        3,978,183

                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
consolidated statement of changes in equity.
                               For personal use only
AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                                                 Australian Pipeline Trust                             APT Investment Trust                 Other non-controlling interest
                                                                                  Attributable
                                                 Asset                              to owners                                    APT                                     Other non-
                                    Issued Revaluation       Hedging     Retained        of the      Issued    Retained   Investment     Issued               Retained   controlling
                                   Capital    Reserve        Reserve     earnings       parent      Capital    earnings         Trust   Capital      Other    earnings     Interest        Total
                                     $000       $000           $000         $000         $000         $000        $000         $000       $000       $000        $000        $000         $000

Balance at 1 July 2016          3,195,445        8,669      (404,004)    182,062     2,982,172    1,005,074      41,812   1,046,886          4           1         48            53    4,029,111
Profit for the year                     –               –          –      163,879     163,879            –      72,967        72,967         –          –            –            –     236,846
Other comprehensive income              –               –     267,916       5,452     273,368            –           –             –         –          –            –            –     273,368
                                                                                                                                                                                                    52 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




Income tax relating to
components of other
comprehensive income                    –               –    (80,354)      (1,636)     (81,990)          –           –             –         –          –            –            –     (81,990)
Total comprehensive
income for the year                     –               –     187,562     167,695     355,257            –      72,967        72,967         –          –            –            –     428,224
Payment of distributions
(Note 8)                          (80,828)              –          –     (288,953)    (369,781)    (28,790)    (80,581)     (109,371)        –          –            –            –     (479,152)
Balance at 30 June 2017          3,114,617       8,669       (216,442)    60,804     2,967,648     976,284      34,198    1,010,482          4           1         48            53    3,978,183

Balance at 1 July 2017           3,114,617       8,669      (216,442)     60,804     2,967,648     976,284      34,198    1,010,482          4           1         48            53    3,978,183
Profit for the year                      –              –           –    196,790      196,790             –    68,049        68,049          –           –           –            –     264,839
Other comprehensive income               –              –   (176,298)       1,588     (174,710)           –          –             –         –           –           –            –    (174,710)
Income tax relating to
components of other
comprehensive income                     –              –     52,906         (476)     52,430             –          –             –         –           –           –            –      52,430
Total comprehensive
income for the year                      –              –   (123,392)     197,902      74,510             –    68,049        68,049          –           –           –            –     142,559

Payment of distributions
(Note 8)                         (201,385)              –           –    (153,294)   (354,679)      (67,597)   (68,019)     (135,616)        –           –           –            –    (490,295)
Securities issued under
entitlement offer                380,782                –           –           –     380,782       124,234          –      124,234          –           –           –            –     505,016
Issue cost of securities           (8,415)              –           –           –       (8,415)      (2,745)         –        (2,745)        –           –           –            –      (11,160)
Tax relating to security
issue costs                         2,524               –           –           –        2,524            –          –             –         –           –           –            –       2,524
Balance at 30 June 2018         3,288,123        8,669      (339,834)     105,412 3,062,370       1,030,176     34,228    1,064,404          4           1         48            53    4,126,827

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 53




                        consolidated statement of cash flows.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                        		     2018  2017
                         Note $000  $000

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                      2,635,344      2,508,269




For personal use only
                        Payments to suppliers and employees		                                                        (1,111,969)    (1,065,473)
                        Dividends received from associates and joint ventures		                                         18,841          22,411
                        Proceeds from repayment of finance leases		                                                      1,774          2,290
                        Interest received		                                                                              9,967          5,755
                        Interest and other costs of finance paid		                                                    (473,243)      (481,427)
                        Income tax paid		                                                                              (49,087)        (17,889)
                                                                  1,031,627
                        Net cash provided by operating activities		         973,936

                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                   (875,030)       (340,753)
                        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment		                                             663             693
                        Payments for equity accounted investments		                                                          –        (35,250)
                        Payments for controlled entities net of cash acquired		                                              –           (760)
                        Payments for intangible assets		                                                                 (1,161)        (1,456)
                                                              (875,528)
                        Net cash used in investing activities		         (377,526)

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings		                                                                     309,718       2,144,576
                        Repayments of borrowings		                                                                    (761,733)     (1,944,932)
                        Loans advance to related parties		                                                                (282)             –
                        Proceeds from issue of securities		                                                           505,016               –
                        Payments of security issue costs		                                                             (10,554)             –
                        Payment of debt issue costs		                                                                   (1,581)        (8,446)
                        Release of restricted cash		                                                                         –           2,149
                        Distributions paid to:
                          Unitholders of APT		                                                                        (354,679)      (369,781)
                          Unitholders of non-controlling interests – APTIT		                                          (135,616)       (109,371)
                                                              (449,711)
                        Net cash used in financing activities		         (285,805)

                        Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents		
                                                                             (293,612) 310,605
                        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year		                                    394,501          84,506
                        Unrealised exchange losses on cash held		                                                         (246)          (610)
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                 18         100,643         394,501

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
           54 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           consolidated statement of cash flows. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           Reconciliation of profit for the year to the net cash provided by operating activities
           		                                                                                      2018  2017
           		                                                                                     $000  $000

           Profit for the year                                                                            264,839          236,846




For personal use only
           Acquisition costs from business combinations		                                                       –              (101)
           Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment		                                             (466)             (311)
           Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates using the equity method		                 (21,924)         (21,793)
           Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments		                            18,841            22,411
           Depreciation and amortisation expense		                                                        578,916          570,021
           Finance costs		                                                                                 15,569            13,926
           Unrealised foreign exchange loss		                                                                1,966              28
           Realised hedging loss		                                                                          6,904             7,514
           Changes in assets and liabilities:
              Trade and other receivables		                                                                18,894           (16,766)
               Inventories		                                                                                (3,177)            (371)
               Other assets		                                                                               (1,695)            266
              Trade and other payables		                                                                    20,115          27,286
               Provisions		                                                                                (11,303)           (562)
               Other liabilities		                                                                         28,167             3,943
               Income tax balances		                                                                       115,981          131,599
                                                     1,031,627
           Net cash provided by operating activities		         973,936

           Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from
           investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified within
           operating cash flows.
                                                                                                           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 55




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Basis of Preparation

                        1. About this report
                        In the following financial statements, note disclosures are grouped into six sections being: Basis of Preparation; Financial
                        Performance; Operating Assets and Liabilities; Capital Management; Group Structure; and Other. Each note sets out the




For personal use only
                        accounting policies applied in producing the results along with any key judgements and estimates used.




                        Basis of Preparation                                             Capital Management
                        1.   About this report                                          18. Net debt
                        2.   General information                                        19. Financial risk management
                                                                                        20. Other financial instruments

                        Financial Performance                                           21. Issued capital

                        3.   Segment information
                        4.   Revenue                                                     Group Structure
                        5.   Expenses                                                   22. Non-controlling interests
                        6.   Income tax                                                 23. Joint arrangements and associates
                        7.   Earnings per security                                      24. Subsidiaries
                        8.   Distributions

                                                                                         Other
                        Operating Assets and Liabilities                                25. Commitments and contingencies
                        9.   Receivables                                                26. Director and senior executive remuneration
                        10. Payables                                                    27. Remuneration of external auditor
                        11. Property, plant and equipment                               28. Related party transactions
                        12. Goodwill and intangibles                                    29. Parent entity information
                        13. Impairment of non-financial assets                          30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                        14. Provisions                                                  31. Events occurring after reporting date
                        15. Other non-current assets
                        16. Employee superannuation plans
                        17. Leases
           56 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Basis of Preparation

           2. General information
           APA Group comprises of two trusts, Australian Pipeline Trust (“APT”) and APT Investment Trust (“APTIT”), which are registered
           managed investment schemes regulated by the Corporations Act 2001. APT units are “stapled” to APTIT units on a one-to-




For personal use only
           one basis so that one APT unit and one APTIT unit form a single stapled security which trades on the Australian Securities
           Exchange under the code “APA”.
           Australian Accounting Standards require one of the stapled entities of a stapled structure to be identified as the parent entity
           for the purposes of preparing a consolidated financial report. In accordance with this requirement, APT is deemed to be the
           parent entity. The results and equity attributable to APTIT, being the other stapled entity which is not directly or indirectly held
           by APT, are shown separately in the financial statements as non-controlling interests.
           The financial report represents the consolidated financial statements of APT and APTIT (together the “Trusts”), their
           respective subsidiaries and their share of joint arrangements and associates (together “APA Group”). For the purposes of
           preparing the consolidated financial report, APA Group is a for-profit entity.
           Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests is reported as disclosed in the separate financial
           statements of APTIT. Comprehensive income arising from transactions between the parent (APT) group entities and the
           non-controlling interest (APTIT) have not been eliminated in the reporting of total comprehensive income attributable to
           non-controlling interests.
           All intragroup transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. Where necessary, adjustments are made to
           the assets, liabilities, and results of subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates, and joint ventures to bring their accounting
           policies into line with those used by APA Group.
           APT’s registered office and principal place of business is as follows:
           Level 25
           580 George Street
           Sydney NSW 2000
           Tel: (02) 9693 0000
           The consolidated general purpose financial report for the year ended 30 June 2018 was authorised for issue in accordance
           with a resolution of the directors on 22 August 2018.
           This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001,
           Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board
           (AASB) and also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
           Standards Board.
           The financial report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of financial instruments.
           The financial report is presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000) in
           accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191, unless otherwise stated.
           Working capital position
           The working capital position as at 30 June 2018 for APA Group is that current liabilities exceed current assets by $505.9 million
           (2017: current assets exceeded current liabilities by $74.1 million) primarily as a result of current borrowings of $329.2 million
           and $139.4 million (AUD equivalent) of cash flow hedge liabilities.
           APA Group has access to sufficient available committed, un-drawn bank facilities of $868.8 million as at 30 June 2018 (2017:
           $1,068.8 million) to meet the repayment of current borrowings on due date.
           The Directors continually monitor APA Group’s working capital position, including forecast working capital requirements
           and have ensured that there are appropriate refinancing strategies and adequate committed funding facilities in place to
           accommodate debt repayments as and when they fall due.
           Foreign currency transactions
           Both the functional and presentation currency of APA Group and APT is Australian dollars (A$). All foreign currency
           transactions during the financial year are brought to account using the exchange rate in effect at the date of the transaction.
           Foreign currency monetary items at reporting date are translated at the exchange rate existing at that date and resulting
           exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, unless they qualify for hedge accounting.
                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 57




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Financial Performance

                        3. Segment information
                        APA Group operates in one geographical segment, being Australia and the revenue from major products and services is
                        shown by the reportable segments.




For personal use only
                        APA Group comprises the following reportable segments:
                        — Energy Infrastructure, which includes all wholly or majority owned pipelines, gas storage and processing assets, and power
                          generation assets;
                        — Asset Management, which provides commercial services, operating services and/or asset maintenance services to APA
                          Group’s energy investments and Australian Gas Networks Limited for appropriate fees; and
                        — Energy Investments, which includes APA Group’s strategic stakes in a number of investment entities that house energy
                          infrastructure assets, generally characterised by long term secure cashflows, with low capital expenditure requirements.
                        Reportable segments
                                                                                               Energy        Asset                        Energy
                                                                                        Infrastructure Management                    Investments                   Other      Consolidated
                        2018                                                                    $000         $000                          $000                    $000              $000

                        Segment revenue (a)
                        External sales revenue                                                1,802,505               108,537                       –                    –          1,911,042
                        Equity accounted net profits                                                      –                    –             21,924                      –             21,924
                        Pass-through revenue                                                      44,265              401,042                       –                    –           445,307
                        Finance lease and investment interest income                                1,454                      –               1,144                     –              2,598
                        Total segment revenue                                                 1,848,224               509,579               23,068                       –         2,380,871
                        Other interest income				                                                                                                                                        5,851
                        Consolidated revenue				                                                                                                                                   2,386,722

                        Segment result
                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
                        and amortisation (“EBITDA”)                                            1,495,642               66,204                       –                    –         1,561,846
                        Share of net profits of joint ventures and
                        associates using the equity method                                                –                    –             21,924                      –             21,924
                        Finance lease and investment interest income                                1,454                      –               1,144                     –              2,598
                        Corporate costs                                                                   –                    –                    –            (67,894)             (67,894)
                        Total EBITDA                                                           1,497,096               66,204               23,068               (67,894)           1,518,474
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                           (567,925)              (10,991)                     –                    –           (578,916)
                        Earnings before interest and tax (“EBIT”)                                 929,171               55,213              23,068               (67,894)            939,558
                        Net finance costs 				  (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                    (509,664)
                        Profit before tax					429,894
                        Income tax expense					(165,055)
                        Profit for the year					264,839

                        Segment assets and liabilities
                        Segment assets                                                        13,995,163               212,521               10,967                      –        14,218,651
                        Carrying value of investments using
                        the equity method                                                                 –                    –            271,597                      –            271,597
                        Unallocated assets 				   (c)
                                                                                                                                                                                     736,978
                        Total assets				                                                                                                                                          15,227,226

                        Segment liabilities                                                     440,276                64,829                       –                    –           505,105
                        Unallocated liabilities 				    (d)
                                                                                                                                                                                 10,595,294
                        Total liabilities				                                                                                                                                     11,100,399

                        a) The revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Any intersegment sales were immaterial.
                        b) Excluding finance lease and investment interest income, and any gains or losses on revaluation of derivatives included as part of EBIT for segment reporting
                           purposes, but including other interest income.
                        c) Unallocated assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts and equity forwards.
                        d) Unallocated liabilities consist of current and non-current borrowings, deferred tax liabilities, fair value of interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
           58 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Financial Performance

           3.     Segment information (continued)
                                                                                  Energy        Asset                        Energy
                                                                           Infrastructure Management                    Investments                   Other      Consolidated




For personal use only
           2017                                                                    $000         $000                          $000                    $000              $000

           Segment revenue (a)
           External sales revenue                                                  1,771,349              86,424                       –                    –          1,857,773
           Equity accounted net profits                                                     –                     –             21,793                      –              21,793
           Pass-through revenue                                                      48,646              389,494                       –                    –           438,140
           Finance lease and investment interest income                                1,643                      –              2,589                      –               4,232
           Total segment revenue                                                  1,821,638              475,918                24,382                      –          2,321,938
           Other interest income					4,482
           Consolidated revenue					2,326,420

           Segment result
           Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
           and amortisation (“EBITDA”)                                            1,452,029                58,719                      –                    –          1,510,748
           Share of net profits of joint ventures and
           associates using the equity method                                               –                     –             21,793                      –              21,793
           Finance lease and investment interest income                                1,643                      –              2,589                      –               4,232
           Corporate costs                                                                  –                     –                    –            (66,651)             (66,651)
           Total EBITDA                                                           1,453,672                58,719               24,382              (66,651)           1,470,122
           Depreciation and amortisation                                           (559,033)             (10,988)                      –                    –          (570,021)
           Earnings before interest and tax (“EBIT”)                                894,639                 47,731              24,382              (66,651)            900,101
           Net finance costs (b)					(513,767)
           Profit before tax					386,334
           Income tax expense					(149,488)
           Profit for the year					236,846

           Segment assets and liabilities
           Segment assets                                                       13,670,034               210,449                10,662                      –         13,891,145
           Carrying value of investments using
           the equity method                                                                –                     –           259,882                       –           259,882
           Unallocated assets (c)					894,921
           Total assets					15,045,948

           Segment liabilities                                                      376,220                55,626                      –                    –            431,846
           Unallocated liabilities (d)					
                                          10,635,919
           Total liabilities					11,067,765

           a) The revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Any intersegment sales were immaterial.
           b) Excluding finance lease and investment interest income, and any gains or losses on revaluation of derivatives included as part of EBIT for segment reporting
              purposes, but including other interest income.
           c) Unallocated assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts and equity forwards.
           d) Unallocated liabilities consist of current and non-current borrowings, deferred tax liabilities, fair value of interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.

           Information about major customers
           Included in revenues arising from energy infrastructure of $1,802.5 million (2017: $1,771.3 million) are revenues of approximately
           $689.4 million (2017: $704.8 million) which arose from sales to APA Group’s top three customers.
                                                                                                           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 59




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Financial Performance

                        4. Revenue
                        An analysis of APA Group’s revenue for the year is as follows:                                        2018              2017
                                                                                                                             $000              $000




For personal use only
                        Energy Infrastructure revenue                                                                    1,801,962         1,770,794
                        Pass-through revenue                                                                                44,265            48,646
                        Energy Infrastructure revenue                                                                    1,846,227         1,819,440

                        Asset Management revenue                                                                           108,537            86,424
                        Pass-through revenue                                                                               401,042           389,494
                        Asset Management revenue                                                                           509,579           475,918
                        Operating revenue                                                                                2,355,806         2,295,358

                        Interest income                                                                                      5,851             4,482
                        Interest income on redeemable preference shares (GDI) (a)                                             1,144            2,589
                        Finance lease income                                                                                  1,454            1,643
                        Finance income                                                                                       8,449             8,714
                        Rental income                                                                                          543               555
                        Total revenue                                                                                    2,364,798         2,304,627

                        Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates using the equity method                       21,924             21,793
                                                                                                                         2,386,722         2,326,420

                        a) 2017 includes interest on redeemable ordinary shares (EII)

                        Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to APA Group and can be reliably
                        measured. Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of duties and taxes paid. Revenue is recognised for the major business
                        activities as follows:
                        — Operating revenue, which is earned from the transportation, processing and storage of gas, generation of electricity and
                          other related services and is recognised when the services are provided net of goods and services tax (“GST”), except where
                          the amount of GST incurred is not recoverable from the taxation authority;
                        — Pass-through revenue, for which no margin is earned, is recognised when the services are provided and offset by
                          corresponding pass-through costs;
                        — Interest revenue, which is recognised as it accrues and is determined using the effective interest method;
                        — Dividend revenue, which is recognised when the right to receive the payment has been established; and
                        — Finance lease income, which is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the
                          Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
           60 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Financial Performance

           5.     Expenses
                                                                                                                                               2018                     2017
                                                                                                                                              $000                     $000




For personal use only
           Depreciation of non-current assets                                                                                              395,904                   387,140
           Amortisation of non-current assets                                                                                               183,012                  182,881
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                            578,916                  570,021

           Energy infrastructure costs – pass-through                                                                                        44,265                   48,646
           Asset management costs – pass-through                                                                                           401,042                   389,494
           Other operating costs – pass-through                                                                                            445,307                   438,140

           Interest on bank overdrafts and borrowings (a)                                                                                   517,503                  506,124
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                                                            8,968                    9,578
           Other finance costs                                                                                                                 6,990                    5,742
                                                                                                                                            533,461                  521,444
           Less: amounts included in the cost of qualifying assets                                                                          (23,697)                   (7,099)
                                                                                                                                           509,764                   514,345
           Gain on derivatives                                                                                                                   743                     (152)
           Unwinding of discount on non-current liabilities                                                                                   5,008                    4,056
           Finance costs                                                                                                                     515,515                 518,249

           Defined contribution plans                                                                                                         12,417                   11,308
           Defined benefit plans (Note 16)                                                                                                    2,280                    3,033
           Post-employment benefits                                                                                                           14,697                   14,341
           Termination benefits                                                                                                               (4,221)                   2,295
           Cash settled security-based payments               (b)
                                                                                                                                             20,915                   25,993
           Other employee benefits                                                                                                           166,154                  155,118
           Employee benefit expense                                                                                                         197,545                   197,747

           a) The average interest rate applying to drawn debt is 5.65% p.a. (2017: 5.56% p.a.) excluding amortisation of borrowing costs and other finance costs.
           b) APA Group provides benefits to certain employees in the form of cash settled security-based payments. For cash settled security-based payments, a liability
              equal to the portion of services received is recognised at the current fair value determined at each reporting date.

           6. Income tax
           The major components of tax expense are:
           Income statement
           Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                                                               (54,536)                  (34,518)
           Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to current tax of prior years                                                   612                    456
           Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                            (111,131)               (115,426)
           Total tax expense                                                                                                               (165,055)                 (149,488)

           Tax reconciliation
           Profit before tax                                                                                                                429,894                  386,334
           Income tax expense calculated at 30%                                                                                            (128,968)                 (115,900)
           Non-assessable trust distribution                                                                                                 20,415                    21,891
           Non deductible expenses                                                                                                          (58,319)                  (59,263)
           Non assessable income                                                                                                                   19                    319
                                                                                                                                           (166,853)                 (152,953)
           Franking credits received                                                                                                                –                    708
           Previously unbooked losses now recognised                                                                                             690                     533
           Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax of prior years                                               612                    456
           R&D tax incentive                                                                                                                     496                    1,768
                                                                                                                                           (165,055)                 (149,488)
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 61




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Financial Performance

                        6. Income tax (continued)
                        Income tax expense comprises of current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent
                        that it relates to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised in equity. Current tax




For personal use only
                        represents the expected taxable income at the applicable tax rate for the financial year, and any adjustment to tax payable
                        in respect of previous financial years.
                        Income tax expense for the year is $165.1 million (2017: $149.5 million). An income tax provision of $33.8 million (2017: $28.9
                        million) has been recognised after utilisation of all available group tax losses and partial utilisation of available transferred
                        tax losses (refer to Note 10).
                        Deferred tax balances
                        Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets arise from the following:
                                                                                        Opening         Charged to        Charged to            Closing
                                                                                        balance            income             equity            balance
                        2018                                                              $000               $000             $000               $000

                        Gross deferred tax liabilities
                        Property, plant and equipment                                    (810,121)          (93,648)                 –         (903,769)
                        Deferred expenses                                                (56,480)              1,677                 –          (54,803)
                        Defined benefit obligation                                            (68)                47              (476)             (497)
                        Other                                                              (1,054)              821                  –              (233)
                                                                                         (867,723)           (91,103)             (476)        (959,302)

                        Gross deferred tax assets
                        Provisions                                                         45,891            (2,500)                 –            43,391
                        Cash flow hedges                                                   87,819               (118)          53,534            141,235
                        Security issue costs                                                3,624             (2,317)            2,524             3,831
                        Deferred revenue                                                   4,406              9,342                  –            13,748
                        Investments equity accounted                                        2,441              (108)             (628)             1,705
                        Tax losses                                                        221,277           (24,327)                 –           196,950
                                                                                         365,458           (20,028)            55,430          400,860
                        Net deferred tax liability                                      (502,265)            (111,131)         54,954          (558,442)

                        2017

                        Gross deferred tax liabilities
                        Property, plant and equipment                                    (724,525)          (85,596)                 –           (810,121)
                        Deferred expenses                                                 (54,563)            (1,917)                –           (56,480)
                        Defined benefit obligation                                          1,383               185             (1,636)              (68)
                        Other                                                                (730)             (324)                 –            (1,054)
                                                                                        (778,435)           (87,652)            (1,636)         (867,723)

                        Gross deferred tax assets
                        Provisions                                                         45,723               168                  –            45,891
                        Cash flow hedges                                                 165,027               (305)           (76,903)           87,819
                        Security issue costs                                                5,443             (1,819)                –             3,624
                        Deferred revenue                                                    5,811            (1,405)                 –             4,406
                        Investments equity accounted                                        6,445              (553)            (3,451)            2,441
                        Tax losses                                                        245,137           (23,860)                 –           221,277
                                                                                         473,586             (27,774)         (80,354)          365,458
                        Net deferred tax liability                                      (304,849)           (115,426)          (81,990)        (502,265)

                        Unrecognised deferred tax assets
                                                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                                                                $000              $000

                        The following deferred tax assets have not been brought to account as assets:
                        Tax losses – capital                                                                                     1,641              1,641
           62 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Financial Performance

           6. Income tax (continued)
           Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following




For personal use only
           temporary differences are not provided for:
           i) initial recognition of goodwill;
           ii) initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
           iii) differences relating to investments in wholly-owned entities to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the
                foreseeable future.
           Deferred tax is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities,
           using the appropriate tax rates at the end of the reporting period.
           A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which
           the asset can be utilised and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
           Tax consolidation
           APT and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities formed a tax-consolidated group with effect from 1 July 2003 and are
           therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is APT. The members of
           the tax-consolidated group are identified at Note 24.
           Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of the members of
           the tax-consolidated group are recognised in the separate financial reports of the members of the tax-consolidated group
           using the ‘separate taxpayer within group’ approach, by reference to the carrying amounts in the separate financial reports
           of each entity and the tax values applying under tax consolidation.
           Any current tax liabilities (or assets) and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses of the wholly-owned entities are
           assumed by the head entity in the tax-consolidated group and are recognised as amounts payable (receivable) to (from)
           other entities in the tax-consolidated group in conjunction with any tax funding arrangement amounts.
           The head entity recognises deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses of the tax-consolidated group to the extent that
           it is probable that future taxable profits of the tax-consolidated group will be available against which the assets can be utilised.
           Nature of tax funding arrangement and tax sharing agreement
           Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with
           the head entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, each of the entities in the tax-consolidated group have
           agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to or from the head entity based on the current tax liability or current tax asset of
           the entity. Such amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the tax-consolidated group.
           The tax sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax-consolidated group provides for the determination of the
           allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations or if an entity
           should leave the tax-consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that each member’s liability for the tax payable
           by the tax-consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head entity under the tax funding arrangement.
           7. Earnings per security             2017
           		                        2018 (Restated)
           		                       cents      cents

           Basic and diluted earnings per security		                                                                  23.3                   21.2

           The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary securities used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per
           security are as follows:
           		                                                                                               2018                  2017
           		                                                                                              $000                  $000

           Net profit attributable to securityholders for calculating basic and diluted
           earnings per security		                                                                                264,839                236,846

           		2017
                       2018        (Restated)
            No. of securities No. of securities
                        000               000

           Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary securities used in the
           calculation of basic and diluted earnings per security                                                1,136,875              1,118,522

           During March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata
           accelerated institutional tradeable renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer). The Entitlement Offer was offered
           at $7.70 per security, a discount to APA Group’s closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the
           last trading day before the record date of 26 February 2018. The number of securities used for the current and prior period
           calculation of earnings per security have been adjusted for the discounted rights issue. An adjustment factor of 1.0038 has
           been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights price
           (TERP) of $8.23 per security.
                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 63




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Financial Performance

                        8.   Distributions
                                                                                                                2018                     2018                      2017              2017
                                                                                                            cents per                    Total                 cents per             Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                             security                   $000                    security            $000

                        Recognised amounts
                        Final distribution paid on 13 September 2017
                        (2017: 16 September 2016)
                        Profit distribution – APT (a)                                                              5.46                60,803                      16.34         182,063
                        Capital distribution – APT                                                               10.78                 120,183                      1.78           19,869
                        Profit distribution – APTIT (a)                                                           3.07                  34,198                      3.75            41,811
                        Capital distribution – APTIT                                                               3.69                 41,107                     0.63              6,976
                                                                                                                23.00                 256,291                     22.50           250,719

                        Interim distribution paid on 14 March 2018
                        (2017: 15 March 2017)
                        Profit distribution – APT (b)                                                             8.30                  92,491                      9.59         106,890
                        Capital distribution – APT                                                                 7.29                 81,202                      5.47           60,959
                        Profit distribution – APTIT (a)                                                           3.03                  33,821                     3.48            38,770
                        Capital distribution – APTIT                                                              2.38                 26,490                       1.96            21,814
                                                                                                                 21.00               234,004                      20.50          228,433

                        Total distributions recognised
                        Profit distributions                                                                     19.86                 221,313                     33.16          369,534
                        Capital distributions                                                                     24.14               268,982                      9.84           109,618
                                                                                                                44.00                 490,295                     43.00           479,152

                        Unrecognised amounts
                        Final distribution payable on 12 September 2018 (c)
                        (2017: 13 September 2017)
                        Profit distribution – APT (d)                                                              8.93                105,412                     5.46           60,803
                        Capital distribution – APT                                                                9.03                106,513                     10.78           120,183
                        Profit distribution – APTIT (a)                                                           2.90                 34,228                      3.07            34,198
                        Capital distribution – APTIT                                                               3.14                 37,022                      3.69            41,107
                                                                                                                24.00                  283,175                    23.00           256,291
                        a) Profit distributions were unfranked (2017: unfranked).
                        b) Interim profit distributions were 5.83 cents per security franked and 2.47 cents per security unfranked (2017: 4.67 cents per security franked and 4.92 cents per
                           security unfranked).
                        c) Record date 29 June 2018.
                        d) Final profit distributions are to be fully franked (2017: 4.67 cents per security franked and 0.79 cents per security unfranked).

                        The final distribution in respect of the financial year has not been recognised in this financial report because the final
                        distribution was not declared, determined or publicly confirmed prior to the end of the financial year.
                        		                                                                                                       2018        2017
                        		                                                                                                      $000        $000

                        Adjusted franking account balance (tax paid basis)		                                                                                      3,228              4,413
           64 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Operating Assets and Liabilities

           9.     Receivables
                                                                                                                            2018          2017
                                                                                                                           $000          $000




For personal use only
           Trade receivables                                                                                              226,315       275,331
           Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                                    (1,494)       (2,120)
           Trade receivables                                                                                              224,821       273,211
           Receivables from associates and related parties                                                                 25,252       13,028
           Finance lease receivables (Note 17)                                                                              1,480         1,787
           Interest receivable                                                                                                 88         1,605
           Other debtors                                                                                                       79            78
           Current                                                                                                        251,720      289,709

           Finance lease receivables (Note 17)                                                                             14,030        15,496
           Non-current                                                                                                     14,030        15,496

           Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 day terms. There are no material trade receivables past
           due and not provided for.
           Trade receivables, loans, and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
           market are classified as loans and receivables. Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus any directly
           attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are stated at amortised cost less impairment.
           10. Payables
           Trade payables (a)                                                                                              41,392       40,827
           Income tax payable                                                                                              33,754        28,914
           Other payables                                                                                                306,530       242,870
           Current                                                                                                        381,676       312,611

           Other payables                                                                                                  5,089         4,984
           Non-current                                                                                                     5,089         4,984

           a) Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 15 – 30 day terms.

           Trade and other payables are recognised when APA Group becomes obliged to make future payments resulting from the
           purchase of goods and services. Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value plus any directly attributable
           transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are stated at amortised cost.
           Payables are recognised inclusive of GST, except for accrued revenue and accrued expense at balance dates which exclude GST.
           The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables.
           GST receivable or GST payable is only recognised once a tax invoice has been issued or received.
           11. Property, plant and equipment
                                                              Freehold land             Leasehold           Plant and     Work in
                                                              and buildings         improvements           equipment     progress
                                                                   - at cost             - at cost           - at cost   - at cost        Total
                                                                      $000                  $000                $000        $000         $000

           Gross carrying amount
           Balance at 1 July 2016                                    234,838                    5,072      10,059,642     195,132    10,494,684
           Additions                                                    2,280                          –        5,150    340,309        347,739
           Disposals                                                       (24)                        –       (9,089)          –         (9,113)
           Transfers                                                     5,639                 5,095         295,300     (306,034)            –
           Balance at 30 June 2017                                    242,733                  10,167      10,351,003     229,407    10,833,310
           Additions                                                       702                         –       31,278    905,622       937,602
           Disposals                                                          –                        –       (4,071)          –        (4,071)
           Transfers                                                    5,282                     493         272,876    (278,651)            –
           Balance at 30 June 2018                                    248,717                 10,660       10,651,086    856,378     11,766,841
                                                                                                               APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 65




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                                                                   Freehold land          Leasehold       Plant and             Work in
                                                                   and buildings      improvements       equipment             progress




For personal use only
                                                                       – at cost           – at cost       – at cost           – at cost          Total
                                                                          $000                $000            $000                $000           $000

                        Accumulated depreciation
                        Balance at 1 July 2016                            (32,015)            (2,279)       (1,271,303)               –      (1,305,597)
                        Disposals                                                24               –             8,707                 –           8,731
                        Depreciation expense (Note 5)                       (7,430)            (750)         (378,960)                –        (387,140)
                        Transfers                                               260               –              (260)                –               –
                        Reclassification to inventories                           –               –               861                 –             861
                        Balance at 30 June 2017                            (39,161)          (3,029)        (1,640,955)               –       (1,683,145)
                        Disposals                                                 –               –             3,874                 –           3,874
                        Depreciation expense (Note 5)                       (7,184)            (923)         (387,797)                –       (395,904)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                           (46,345)            (3,952)    (2,024,878)                  –      (2,075,175)

                        Net book value
                        As at 30 June 2017                                203,572              7,138        8,710,048           229,407        9,150,165
                        As at 30 June 2018                                202,372             6,708         8,626,208           856,378       9,691,666

                        Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Work in progress is
                        stated at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of the item.
                        Depreciation is provided on property, plant and equipment excluding land. Depreciation is calculated on either a straight-line
                        or throughput basis depending on the nature of the asset so as to write off the net cost of each asset over its estimated
                        useful life.
                        Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the period of the lease or estimated useful life, whichever is the shorter, using
                        the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at the end of each reporting
                        period, with the effect of any changes recognised on a prospective basis.
                        Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets (i.e. assets that take
                        a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale) are added to the cost of those assets until such time
                        as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
                        All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – useful lives of non-current assets
                        APA Group reviews the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment at the end of each annual reporting period.
                        Any reassessment of useful lives in a particular year will affect the depreciation expense.
                        The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:
                        — buildings                            30 – 50 years;
                        — compressors                          10 – 50 years;
                        — gas transportation systems           10 – 80 years;
                        — meters                               20 – 30 years;
                        — power generation facilities          3 – 25 years; and
                        — other plant and equipment            3 – 20 years.
                        12. Goodwill and intangibles
                        		                            2018  2017
                        		                           $000  $000

                        Goodwill
                        Balance at beginning of financial year		                                                               1,183,604      1,184,588
                        Finalisation of provisional purchase price accounting		                                                       –            (984)
                        Balance at end of financial year		                                                                     1,183,604      1,183,604
           66 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Operating Assets and Liabilities

           12. Goodwill and intangibles (continued)
           Allocation of goodwill to cash-generating units
           Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to individual cash-generating units.




For personal use only
           The East Coast Grid is an interconnected pipeline network that includes, inter alia, the Wallumbilla Gladstone, Moomba
           Sydney, Roma Brisbane, Carpentaria Gas and South West Queensland pipelines and the Victorian Transmission System.
           Since the acquisition of the South West Queensland Pipeline to complete the formation of APA’s East Coast Grid in December
           2012, APA has installed facilities to enable bi-directional transportation of gas to meet the demand of our major customers
           who now typically operate portfolios of gas supply and demand. Through the provision of multi-asset services, bi-directional
           transportation, capacity trading and gas storage and parking facilities, APA’s East Coast Grid delivers options for customers
           to choose from, and move gas between, more than 40 receipt points and over 100 delivery points on the east coast of
           Australia. The East Coast Grid is categorised as an individual cash-generating unit.
           The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to cash-generating units that are significant individually or in aggregate is as
           follows:
                                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                                             $000              $000

           Asset Management business		                                                                                                      21,456       21,456
           Energy Infrastructure
               East Cost Grid                                                                                                            1,060,681    1,060,681
               Diamantina Power Station		                                                                                                   43,104      43,104
               Other energy infrastructure (a)                                                                                             58,363       58,363
                                                                                                                                         1,183,604    1,183,604

           a) Primarily represents goodwill relating to the Pilbara Pipeline System ($32.6m) and the Goldfields Gas Pipeline ($18.5m).

           Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost and subsequently at cost less accumulated impairment.
           Contract and other intangibles
           Gross carrying amount
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                        3,589,799    3,604,143
           Acquisitions / additions                                                                                                           1,161       1,456
           Write-offs                                                                                                                            –     (15,800)
           Balance at end of financial year                                                                                              3,590,960    3,589,799

           Accumulated amortisation and impairment
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                         (415,517)   (248,436)
           Amortisation expense (Note 5)                                                                                                  (183,012)    (182,881)
           Write-offs                                                                                                                            –      15,800
           Balance at end of financial year                                                                                               (598,529)    (415,517)
                                                                                                                                         2,992,431    3,174,282

           APA Group holds various third party operating and maintenance contracts. The combined gross carrying amount of $3,591.0
           million amortises over terms ranging from one to 20 years. Useful life is determined based on the underlying contractual
           terms plus estimations of renewal of up to two terms where considered probable by management. Amortisation expense is
           not a cash item, and is included in the line item of depreciation and amortisation expense in the statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income.
           Intangible assets acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment
           losses. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill and are
           initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date and subsequently at cost less accumulated amortisation and
           accumulated impairment losses.
           Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of each asset. The estimated useful life and
           amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with the effects of any changes in estimate
           being accounted for on a prospective basis.
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 67




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        13. Impairment of non-financial assets
                        APA Group tests property, plant and equipment, intangibles and goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever there
                        is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Assets other than goodwill that have previously reported an impairment are




For personal use only
                        reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting period.
                        If the asset does not generate independent cash inflows and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value,
                        the asset is tested for impairment as part of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to which it belongs.
                        Assets are impaired if their carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is
                        determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or value-in-use.
                        Determining whether identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are impaired requires an estimation of the value-in-use or
                        fair value of the cash-generating units. The calculations require APA Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to
                        arise from cash-generating units and suitable discount rates in order to calculate the present value of cash-generating units.
                        These estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
                        The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units are determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use
                        cash flow projections based on a five year financial business plan and thereafter a further 15 year financial model. This is the
                        basis of APA Group’s forecasting and planning processes which represents the underlying long term nature of associated
                        customer contracts on these assets.
                        In accordance with the requirements of AASB 136 Impairment of Assets, APA Group reviewed its CGUs for indicators of
                        impairment at the end of the reporting period. No such indicators were identified and no impairment recognised.
                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – impairment of assets
                        For fully regulated assets, cash flows have been extrapolated on the basis of existing transportation contracts and government
                        policy settings, and expected contract renewals with a resulting average annual growth rate of 1.0% p.a. (2017: 1.1% p.a.).
                        These expected cash flows are factored into the regulated asset base and do not exceed management’s expectations of the
                        long-term average growth rate for the market in which the cash generating unit operates.
                        For non-regulated assets, APA has assumed no capacity expansion beyond installed and committed levels; utilisation of
                        capacity is based on existing contracts, government policy settings and expected market outcomes.
                        As contracts mature, given ongoing demand for capacity, it is assumed that the majority of the capacity is resold at similar
                        pricing levels.
                        Asset Management cash flow projections reflect long term agreements with assumptions of renewal on similar terms and
                        conditions based on management’s expectations.
                        Cash flow projections are estimated for a period of up to 20 years, with a terminal value, recognising the long term nature of
                        the assets. The pre-tax discount rates used are 8.25% p.a. (2017: 8.25% p.a.) for Energy Infrastructure assets and 8.25% p.a.
                        (2017: 8.25% p.a.) for Asset Management.
                        These assumptions have been determined with reference to historic information, current performance and expected changes
                        taking into account external information.
                        14. Provisions
                                                                                                                                2018              2017
                                                                                                                               $000              $000

                        Employee benefits                                                                                     78,433             83,787
                        Other                                                                                                   5,196             9,986
                        Current                                                                                               83,629             93,773

                        Employee benefits                                                                                     30,180             33,598
                        Other                                                                                                  41,771            35,453
                        Non-current                                                                                            71,951            69,051

                        Employee benefits
                        Incentives                                                                                             28,153            29,357
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                    8,299             8,857
                        Leave balances                                                                                         41,981            39,976
                        Termination benefits                                                                                        –             5,597
                        Current                                                                                               78,433             83,787

                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                   14,791            18,939
                        Defined benefit liability (Note 16)                                                                    5,032              4,645
                        Leave balances                                                                                         10,357            10,014
                        Non-current                                                                                           30,180             33,598
           68 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Operating Assets and Liabilities

           14. Provisions (continued)
           A provision is recognised when there is a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that future
           economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the provision can be measured reliably.




For personal use only
           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at
           the end of the financial year, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is
           measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those
           cash flows.
           When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the
           receivable is recognised as an asset if it is probable that recovery will be received and the amount of the receivable can be
           measured reliably.
           Provision is made for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, incentives, annual leave and long
           service leave when it is probable that settlement will be required. Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected
           to be settled within 12 months, are recognised for employee services up to reporting date at the amounts expected to be
           paid when the liability is settled. Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be wholly settled
           within 12 months are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows using a discount rate based on
           the corporate bond yield in respect of services provided by employees up to reporting date.
           15. Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                     2018              2017
                                                                                                                    $000              $000

           Line pack gas		                                                                                         20,607             20,343
           Gas held in storage		                                                                                    6,010              6,010
           Defined benefit asset (Note 16)		                                                                        6,693              4,870
           Other assets		                                                                                              192               192
                                                                                                                   33,502             31,415

           16. Employee superannuation plans
           All employees of APA Group are entitled to benefits on retirement, disability or death from an industry sponsored fund, or an
           alternative fund of their choice. APA Group has three plans with defined benefit sections (due to the acquisition of businesses)
           and a number of other plans with defined contribution sections. The defined benefit sections provide lump sum benefits upon
           retirement based on years of service. The defined contribution sections receive fixed contributions from APA Group and APA
           Group’s legal and constructive obligations are limited to these amounts.
           The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligations were determined
           at 30 June 2018. The present value of the defined benefit obligations, and the related current service cost and past service
           cost, were measured using the projected unit credit method.
           The following sets out details in respect of the defined benefit plans only:
           Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
           Current service cost                                                                                     2,234              2,842
           Net interest expense                                                                                        46                191
           Components of defined benefit costs recognised in profit or loss (Note 5)                                2,280              3,033

           Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
           Fair value of plan assets                                                                              135,620            135,029
           Present value of benefit obligation                                                                   (133,959)          (134,804)
           Defined benefit asset – non-current (Note 15)                                                            6,693              4,870
           Defined benefit liability – non-current (Note 14)                                                       (5,032)            (4,645)

           Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                     134,804            143,101
           Current service cost                                                                                     2,234              2,842
           Interest cost                                                                                            5,369              4,599
           Contributions from plan participants                                                                       786              1,001
           Actuarial loss                                                                                            5,138             1,550
           Benefits paid                                                                                          (13,873)           (17,665)
           Administrative expenses, taxes and premiums paid                                                          (499)              (624)
           Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                     133,959           134,804
                                                                                                               APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 69




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        16. Employee superannuation plans (continued)
                        Movements in the present value of the plan assets in the current period were as follows:
                                                                                                                               2018              2017




For personal use only
                                                                                                                              $000              $000

                        Opening fair value of plan assets                                                                    135,029           138,488
                        Interest income                                                                                        5,323             4,408
                        Actual return on plan assets excluding interest income                                                 6,726             7,002
                        Contributions from employer                                                                            2,128             2,419
                        Contributions from plan participants                                                                     786             1,001
                        Benefits paid                                                                                        (13,873)           (17,665)
                        Administrative expenses, taxes and premiums paid                                                        (499)             (624)
                        Closing fair value of plan assets                                                                    135,620           135,029

                        Defined contribution plans
                        Contributions to defined contribution plans are expensed when incurred.
                        Defined benefit plans
                        Actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest) are recognised immediately in the statement
                        of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
                        Remeasurement, comprising of actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognised
                        in other comprehensive income and immediately reflected in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
                        Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment.
                        The defined benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
                        or surplus in APA Group’s defined benefit plans. Any asset resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
                        economic benefits available in the form of refunds and reductions in future contributions to the plan.
                        Key actuarial assumptions used in the determination of the defined benefit obligation is a discount rate of 4.1% gross of
                        tax (2017: 4.1%), based on the corporate bond yield curve published by Milliman, an expected salary increase rate of 3.0%
                        (2017: 3.0%), and pension indexation rate of 2.0% (2017: 2.0%). The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based
                        on reasonable possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all
                        other assumptions constant:
                        — If the discount rate is 50 basis points higher (lower), the defined benefit obligation would decrease by $5,722,000 (increase
                          by $6,321,000); and
                        — If the expected salary growth increases (decreases) by 0.5%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by $1,813,000
                          (decrease by $1,715,000).
                        — If the expected pension indexation rate increases (decreases) by 0.5%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by
                          $4,313,000 (decrease by $3,932,000).
                        The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation
                        as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may
                        be correlated.
                        Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been
                        calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in
                        calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the statement of financial position.
                        APA Group expects to pay $2.0 million in contributions to the defined benefit plans during the year ending 30 June 2019.
           70 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Operating Assets and Liabilities

           17. Leases
           Leases are classified as finance leases when the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
           to the ownership of the leased asset to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.




For personal use only
           Finance lease receivables relate to the lease of a metering station, natural gas vehicle refuelling facilities and two
           pipeline laterals.
                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                         $000               $000

           Finance lease receivables
           Not longer than 1 year                                                                                                             2,775    3,227
           Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years                                                                                     8,763    9,655
           Longer than 5 years                                                                                                               12,832    14,715
           Minimum future lease payments receivable (a)                                                                                  24,370       27,597

           Gross finance lease receivables                                                                                               24,370       27,597
           Less: unearned finance lease receivables                                                                                      (8,860)      (10,314)
           Present value of lease receivables                                                                                                15,510   17,283

           Included in the financial statements as part of:
           Current trade and other receivables (Note 9)                                                                                      1,480     1,787
           Non-current receivables (Note 9)                                                                                              14,030       15,496
                                                                                                                                             15,510   17,283

           a) Minimum future lease payments receivable include the aggregate of all lease payments receivable and any guaranteed residual.

           APA Group as a lessor
           Amounts due from a lessee under finance leases are recorded as receivables. Finance lease receivables are initially recognised
           at amounts equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments receivable plus the present value of any unguaranteed
           residual value expected to accrue at the end of the lease term. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as
           to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
           APA Group as a lessee
           Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised at their fair value or, if lower, at amounts equal to the present value
           of the minimum lease payments, each determined at the inception of the lease. The corresponding liability to the lessor is
           included in the consolidated statement of financial position as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are allocated
           between finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining
           balance of the liability.
           Finance lease assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset.
           Non-cancellable operating leases
           Operating lease obligations are primarily related to commercial office leases and motor vehicles.
           Not longer than 1 year		                                                                                                          13,641   12,970
           Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years		                                                                              36,487       41,660
           Longer than 5 years		                                                                                                             22,437   26,462
            72,565
           		      81,092

           Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except where another
           systematic basis is more representative of the time patterns in which economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
           Operating lease incentives are recognis ed as a liability when received and released to the statement of profit or loss on a
           straight line basis over the lease term.
                                                                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 71




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        APA Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern while maximising
                        the return to securityholders through the optimisation of the debt to equity structure.
                        APA Group’s overall capital management strategy is to continue to target BBB/Baa2 investment grade ratings through




For personal use only
                        maintaining sufficient flexibility to fund organic growth and investment from internally generated and retained cash flows,
                        equity and, where appropriate, additional debt funding.
                        The capital structure of APA Group consists of cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and equity attributable to securityholders
                        of APA. APA Group’s policy is to maintain balanced and diverse funding sources through borrowing locally and from overseas,
                        using a variety of capital markets and bank loan facilities, to meet anticipated funding requirements.
                        Operating cash flows are used to maintain and expand APA Group’s assets, make distributions to securityholders and to
                        repay maturing debt.
                        Controlled entities are subject to externally imposed capital requirements. These relate to the Australian Financial Services
                        Licence held by Australian Pipeline Limited, the Responsible Entity of APA Group, and were adhered to for the entirety of the
                        2018 and 2017 periods.
                        APA Group’s capital management strategy remains unchanged from the previous year.
                        APA Group’s Board of Directors reviews the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of the review, the Board considers the
                        cost of capital and the state of the markets. APA Group targets gearing in a range of 65% to 68%. Gearing is determined as
                        the proportion of net debt to net debt plus equity. APA Group balances its overall capital structure through equity issuance,
                        new debt or the redemption of existing debt and through a disciplined distribution payment policy.
                        18. Net debt
                        Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash on hand, at call bank deposits and investments in money market instruments
                        that are readily convertible to known amounts for cash. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year as shown
                        in the statement of cash flows are reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial position detailed in the
                        table below.
                        Borrowings are recorded initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs and subsequently stated at amortised cost.
                        Any difference between the initial recognised cost and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                        and other comprehensive income over the period of the borrowing using the effective interest method.
                                                                                                                                                         2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                                        $000                   $000

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                        99,277                43,087
                        Short-term deposits                                                                                                              1,366                351,414
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     100,643                394,501

                        Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                  (318,373)               (115,738)
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                                                   (10,846)                (11,120)
                        Current borrowings                                                                                                           (329,219)              (126,858)

                        Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                (9,089,991)            (9,022,710)
                        Bank borrowings (b)                                                                                                        (200,000)                         –
                        Subordinated notes         (c)
                                                                                                                                                              –            (515,000)
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                                                   (73,458)               (82,059)
                        Less: unamortised borrowing costs                                                                                              42,072                 45,862
                        Non-current borrowings                                                                                                     (9,321,377)            (9,573,907)
                        Total borrowings                                                                                                          (9,650,596)            (9,700,765)
                        Net debt                                                                                                                   (9,549,953)           (9,306,264)

                        a) Represents USD denominated private placement notes of US$384 million, CAD medium term notes (MTN) of C$300 million, GBP MTNs of £950 million, EUR
                           MTN of €1,350 million and USD denominated 144A notes of US$3,000 million measured at the exchange rate at reporting date, and A$211 million of AUD
                           denominated private placement notes and AUD MTN of A$500 million (2017: Includes JPY MTN of ¥10,000 million). Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates
                           and maturity profiles.
                        b) Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.
                        c) Represents AUD denominated subordinated notes. Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.
           72 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           18. Net debt (continued)
                                                                                          Cash and            Borrowings             Borrowings
                                                                                              cash             due within              due after
                                                                                        equivalents                1 year                 1 year              Net debt




For personal use only
                                                                                             $000                  $000                   $000                  $000

           Reconciliation of net debt
           Net debt as at 1 July 2016                                                        84,506               (409,829)            (9,314,373)           (9,639,696)
           Cash movements                                                                   310,605                 392,437             (592,081)                110,961
           Foreign exchange movements due to fair value changes                                  (610)                27,519             196,360                223,269
           Transfer from due after 1 year to due within 1 year                                       –             (136,985)             136,985                        –
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                  –                      –                (798)                  (798)
           Net debt as at 30 June 2017                                                      394,501               (126,858)           (9,573,907)           (9,306,264)

           Net debt as at 1 July 2017                                                       394,501               (126,858)           (9,573,907)           (9,306,264)
           Cash movements                                                                   (293,612)               137,015             315,000                158,403
           Foreign exchange movements due to fair value changes                                  (246)              (13,298)           (384,758)              (398,302)
           Transfer from due after 1 year to due within 1 year                                       –            (326,078)             326,078                         –
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                  –                      –              (3,790)               (3,790)
           Net debt as at 30 June 2018                                                      100,643                (329,219)          (9,321,377)            (9,549,953)

                                                                                                                                            2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                           $000                   $000

           Financing facilities available
           Total facilities
           Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                9,408,364               9,138,448
           Bank borrowings        (b)
                                                                                                                                      1,068,750              1,068,750
           Subordinated notes (c)                                                                                                                –             515,000
                                                                                                                                       10,477,114            10,722,198

           Facilities used at balance date
           Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                9,408,364               9,138,448
           Bank borrowings (b)                                                                                                         200,000                          –
           Subordinated notes           (c)
                                                                                                                                                 –             515,000
                                                                                                                                      9,608,364              9,653,448

           Facilities unused at balance date
           Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                           –                      –
           Bank borrowings (b)                                                                                                          868,750              1,068,750
           Subordinated notes (c)                                                                                                                –                      –
                                                                                                                                        868,750              1,068,750

           a) Represents USD denominated private placement notes of US$384 million, CAD medium term notes (MTN) of C$300 million, GBP MTNs of £950 million, EUR
              MTN of €1,350 million and USD denominated 144A notes of US$3,000 million measured at the exchange rate at reporting date, and A$211 million of AUD
              denominated private placement notes and AUD MTN of A$500 million (2017: Includes JPY MTN of ¥10,000 million). Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates
              and maturity profiles.
           b) Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.
           c) Represents AUD denominated subordinated notes. Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.

           19. Financial risk management
           APA Group’s corporate Treasury department is responsible for the overall management of APA Group’s capital raising
           activities, liquidity, lender relationships and engagement, debt portfolio management, interest rate and foreign exchange
           hedging, credit rating maintenance and third party indemnities (bank guarantees) within risk management parameters
           reviewed by the Board. The Audit and Risk Management Committee (“”ARMC””) approves written principles for overall
           risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas such as liquidity and funding risk, foreign currency risk, interest
           rate risk, credit risk, contract and legal risk and operational risk. APA Group’s ARMC ensures there is an appropriate Risk
           Management Policy for the management of treasury risk and compliance with the policy through monthly reporting to the
           Board from the Treasury department.
                                                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 73




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        APA Group’s activities generate financial instruments comprising of cash, receivables, payables and interest bearing liabilities
                        which expose it to various risks as summarised below:




For personal use only
                        a) Market risk including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk;
                        b) Credit risk; and
                        c) Liquidity risk.
                        Treasury as a centralised function provides APA Group with the benefits of efficient cash utilisation, control of funding and its
                        associated costs, efficient and effective management of aggregated financial risk and concentration of financial expertise,
                        at an acceptable cost and manages risks through the use of natural hedges and derivative instruments. APA Group does
                        not engage in speculative trading. All derivatives have been transacted to hedge underlying or existing exposures and have
                        adhered to the ARMC approved Treasury Risk Management Policy.
                        a) Market risk
                        APA Group’s market risk exposure is primarily due to changes in market prices such as interest and foreign exchange rates.
                        APA Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign
                        currency risk, including:
                        — forward exchange contracts to hedge the exchange rate risk arising from foreign currency cash flows, mainly US dollars,
                          derived from revenues, interest payments and capital equipment purchases;
                        — cross currency interest rate swaps to manage the currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated borrowings;
                        — foreign currency denominated borrowings to manage the currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated
                          revenue and receivables; and
                        — interest rate swaps to mitigate interest rate risk.
                        APA Group is also exposed to price risk arising from its forward purchase contracts over listed equities and electricity price risk
                        arising from the electricity contract for difference.
                        Foreign currency risk
                        APA Group’s foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions (including revenue, interest payments and
                        principal debt repayments on long-term borrowings and the purchases of capital equipment). Exchange rate exposures
                        are managed within approved policy parameters utilising forward exchange contracts, cross currency swap contracts and
                        foreign currency denominated borrowings. All foreign currency exposure was managed in accordance with the Treasury Risk
                        Management Policy.
                        The carrying amount of APA Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets, monetary liabilities and derivative
                        notional amounts at the reporting date is as follows:
                        				                                                                              Cross      Foreign Net foreign
                                                                Cash & cash		                  Total  currency     exchange        currency
                                                                 equivalents Receivables borrowings      swaps      contract       position
                        2018                                           $000       $000        $000       $000          $000           $000

                        US Dollar (USD)                                         3,143          –     (4,576,684)       (433,791)   (109,807)     (5,117,139)
                        Japanese Yen (JPY)                                         –           –             –               –            –              –
                        Canadian Dollar (CAD)                                      –           –      (308,496)        308,496            –              –
                        British Pound (GBP)                                        –           –     (1,694,493)      1,694,493           –              –
                        Euro (EUR)                                                 –           –     (2,129,801)      2,129,801       18,911         18,911
                        Swedish Krona (SEK)                                        –           –             –               –       43,344         43,344
                        Danish Krona (DKK)                                         –           –             –               –        4,102          4,102
                                                                                3,143          –     (8,709,474)     3,698,999      (43,450)    (5,050,782)

                        2017
                        US Dollar (USD)                                         3,393    40,002      (4,406,537)       (417,663)   (347,362)     (5,128,167)
                        Japanese Yen (JPY)                                         –           –       (115,738)        115,738           –              –
                        Canadian Dollar (CAD)                                      –           –      (301,230)        301,230            –              –
                        British Pound (GBP)                                        –           –     (1,610,280)      1,610,280           –              –
                        Euro (EUR)                                                 –           –     (2,007,377)      2,007,377      45,024         45,024
                        Swedish Krona (SEK)                                        –           –             –               –        61,196         61,196
                        Danish Krona (DKK)                                         –           –             –               –     104,038        104,038
                                                                                3,393    40,002      (8,441,162)      3,616,962     (137,104)    (4,917,909)
           74 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           a) Market risk (continued)
           Forward foreign exchange contracts




For personal use only
           To manage foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions such as forecast capital purchases, revenue
           and interest payments, APA Group uses forward foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses recognised in the cash
           flow hedge reserve (statement of comprehensive income) on these derivatives will be released to profit or loss when the
           underlying anticipated transaction affects the statement of profit or loss or will be included in the carrying value of the asset
           or liability acquired.
           It is the policy of APA Group to hedge 100% of all foreign exchange exposures in excess of US$1 million equivalent that
           are certain. Forecast foreign currency denominated revenues and interest payments will be hedged by forward exchange
           contracts on a rolling basis with the objective being to lock in the AUD gross cash flows and manage liquidity.
           The following table details the forward foreign exchange currency contracts outstanding at reporting date:
           Cash flow hedges          Average                                                              Contract Value
           		exchange
                             Foreign     rate                                          < 1 year    1 – 2 years    2 – 5 years    Fair value
           2018             currency        $                                            $000           $000           $000          $000

           Forecast revenue and associated receivable
           Pay USD / receive AUD                                   USD   0.6528         137,462              –              –        15,957
           Forecast capital purchases
           Pay AUD / receive USD                                   USD   0.7596         (27,515)          (140)             –           734
           Pay AUD / receive EUR                                   EUR    0.6821        (17,039)           (77)        (1,795)        1,706
           Pay AUD / receive SEK                                   SEK    5.7572        (2,087)        (7,045)       (34,212)         (3,142)
           Pay AUD / receive DKK                                   DKK     5.1321        (4,102)             –              –           387
            86,719
           		      (7,262) (36,007)                                                                                                  15,642

           2017
           Forecast revenue and associated receivable
           Pay USD / receive AUD                                   USD   0.7082        306,474        146,605              –          33,119
           Forecast capital purchases
           Pay AUD / receive USD                                   USD   0.7507         (92,269)      (13,308)          (140)         (2,113)
           Pay AUD / receive EUR                                   EUR   0.6884         (26,461)       (16,691)        (1,872)         2,153
           Pay AUD / receive SEK                                   SEK    5.8684        (18,108)        (1,831)       (41,257)        (2,129)
           Pay AUD / receive DKK                                   DKK   5.2308         (99,936)        (4,102)            –          6,543
           			 69,700                                                                                  110,673       (43,269)        37,573

           As at reporting date, APA Group has entered into forward contracts to hedge net US exchange rate risk arising from
           anticipated future transactions with an aggregate notional principal amount of $137.5 million (2017: $453.1 million) which are
           designated in cash flow hedge relationships. The hedged anticipated transactions denominated in US dollars are expected to
           occur at various dates between one month to three years from reporting date.
           Cross currency swap contracts
           APA Group enters into cross currency swap contracts to mitigate the risk of adverse movements in foreign exchange rates
           in relation to principal and interest payments arising from foreign currency borrowings. APA Group receives fixed amounts
           in the various foreign currencies and pays both variable interest rates (based on Australian BBSW) and fixed interest rates
           for the full term of the underlying borrowings. In certain circumstances borrowings are retained in the foreign currency, or
           hedged from one foreign currency to another to match payments of interest and principal against expected future business
           cash flows in that foreign currency.
                                                                                                                  APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 75




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        a) Market risk (continued)
                        Cross currency swap contracts (continued)




For personal use only
                        The following table details the cross currency swap contract principal payments due as at the reporting date:
                        Cash flow hedges		                                          Exchange       Less than			                                 More than
                                          Foreign                                        rate          1 year 1 – 2 years 2 – 5 years             5 years
                        2018             currency                                           $         $000         $000        $000                $000

                        Pay AUD / receive foreign currency
                        2003 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD         0.6573         (95,847)              –              –             –
                        2007 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD         0.8068         (151,215)             –       (153,694)            –
                        2009 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD          0.7576              –         (98,997)             –             –
                        2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                     AUD/CAD          1.0363              –        (289,494)             –             –
                        2012 US144A                                    AUD/USD          1.0198              –               –      (735,438)             –
                        2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                     AUD/GBP         0.6530               –               –              –     (535,988)
                        2017 US144A                                    AUD/USD         0.7668               –               –              –    (1,108,503)
                        Pay USD / receive foreign currency
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                     USD/EUR          0.9514              –               –       (994,901)     (924,013)
                        2015 GBP Medium Term Notes                     USD/GBP          0.6773              –               –              –     (1,198,134)
                         (247,062)
                        		         (388,491) (1,884,033)                                                                                        (3,766,638)

                        2017
                        Pay AUD / receive foreign currency
                        2003 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD          0.6573              –          (95,847)           –              –
                        2007 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD         0.8068               –         (151,215)     (153,694)            –
                        2009 USPP Notes                                AUD/USD          0.7576              –               –        (98,997)            –
                        2012 JPY Medium Term Notes                      AUD/JPY       79.4502        (125,865)              –             –              –
                        2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                     AUD/CAD          1.0363              –               –       (289,494)            –
                        2012 US144A                                    AUD/USD          1.0198              –               –             –       (735,438)
                        2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                     AUD/GBP         0.6530               –               –             –      (535,988)
                        2017 US144A                                    AUD/USD          0.7668              –               –             –     (1,108,503)
                        Pay USD / receive foreign currency
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                     USD/EUR          0.9514              –               –       (957,914)     (889,661)
                        2015 GBP Medium Term Notes                     USD/GBP          0.6773              –               –             –      (1,153,591)
                        			                                                                          (125,865)        (247,062)   (1,500,099)    (4,423,181)

                        Foreign currency denominated borrowings
                        APA Group maintains a level of borrowings in foreign currency, or swapped from one foreign currency to another to match
                        payments of interest and principal against expected future business cash flows in that foreign currency. This mitigates the
                        risk of adverse movements in foreign exchange rates in relation to principal and interest payments arising from these foreign
                        currency borrowings as well as future revenues.
                        Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
                        The analysis below shows the effect on profit and total equity of retranslating cash, receivables, payables and interest-
                        bearing liabilities denominated in USD, CAD, GBP and EUR into AUD, had the rates been 20 percent higher or lower than the
                        relevant year end rate, with all other variables held constant, and taking into account all underlying exposures and related
                        hedges. A sensitivity of 20 percent has been selected and represents management’s assessment of the possible change in
                        rates taking into account the current level of exchange rates and the volatility observed both on an historical basis and on
                        market expectations for possible future movements.
                        — There would be no impact on net profit as all foreign currency exposures are fully hedged (2017: nil); and
                        — Equity reserves would decrease by $1,272.0 million with a 20 percent depreciation of the A$ or increase by $849.4 million with
                           a 20 percent increase in foreign exchange rates (2017: decrease by $1,255.0 million or increase by $839.8 million respectively).
                        Interest rate risk
                        APA Group’s interest rate risk is derived predominately from borrowings subject to fixed and floating interest rates. This risk
                        is managed by APA Group by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate borrowings, through the use of
                        interest rate swap contracts. Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and defined policy,
                        ensuring appropriate hedging strategies are applied.
                        APA Group’s exposures to interest rate risk on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this
                        note. Exposure to financial assets is limited to cash and cash equivalents amounting to $100.6 million as at 30 June 2018
                        (2017: $394.5 million).
           76 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           a) Market risk (continued)
           Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts




For personal use only
           Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating to
           fixed rates and/or fixed rate foreign currency to fixed or floating AUD rates on agreed notional principal amounts enabling
           APA Group to mitigate the risk of cash flow exposures on variable rate debt held. The fair value of interest rate swaps at
           the reporting date is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the yield curves at reporting date. The average
           interest rate is based on the outstanding balances at the end of the financial year.
           The following table details the notional principal amounts and remaining terms of the cross currency and interest rate swap
           contracts outstanding as at the end of the financial year:
                                                                            Weighted average                           Notional
                                                                              interest rate                        principal amount                     Fair value
                                                                           2018               2017               2018               2017        2018             2017
                                                                          % p.a.             % p.a.             $000               $000        $000             $000

           Cash flow hedges – Pay fixed AUD interest –
           receive floating AUD or fixed foreign currency
           Less than 1 year                                                 7.30               6.80           247,062            125,865        1,036          (14,249)
           1 year to 2 years                                                8.05                7.30          388,491            247,062       11,950           (9,706)
           2 years to 5 years     (a)
                                                                             5.14               5.18       1,884,033          1,500,099       338,786          85,006
           5 years and more (a)                                              5.11              5.38        3,766,638            4,423,181      24,031          81,206
           			6,286,224                                                                                                       6,296,207       375,803          142,257

           a) This amount includes a notional amount of USD 2.3 billion (2017: USD 2.3 billion) which is subject to USD interest rate risk.

           The cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts settle on a quarterly or semi-annual basis. The floating rate
           benchmark on the interest rate swaps is Australian BBSW. APA Group will settle the difference between the fixed and floating
           interest rate on a net basis.
           All cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts exchanging floating rate interest amounts for fixed rate interest
           amounts are designated as cash flow hedges in order to reduce APA Group’s cash flow exposure on borrowings.
           Interest rate sensitivity analysis
           The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for both derivative and
           non‑derivative instruments held. A 100 basis point increase or decrease is used and represents management’s assessment of
           the greatest possible change in interest rates. At reporting date, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower
           and all other variables were held constant, APA Group’s:
           — net profit would decrease by $2,000,000 or increase by $2,000,000 (2017: decrease by $5,150,000 or increase
             by $5,150,000). This is mainly attributable to APA Group’s exposure to interest rates on its variable rate borrowings; and
           — equity reserves would increase by $40,738,000 with a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates or decrease by $31,154,000
             with a 100 basis point increase in interest rates (2017: increase by $31,379,000 or decrease by $27,772,000 respectively).
             This is due to the changes in the fair value of derivative interest instruments.
           APA Group’s profit sensitivity to interest rates has decreased during the current year due to the overall decrease in the level
           of APA Group’s unhedged floating rate borrowings. The increase/decrease in equity reserves is based on 1.00% p.a. increase/
           decrease in the yield curve at the reporting date. The increase in sensitivity in equity is due to the impact of the 1.00% change
           in interest rates on the higher derivative fair value this year, which has been partially offset by the reduction in the tenor
           of the derivatives.
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 77




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        a) Market risk (continued)
                        Price risk – equity price




For personal use only
                        APA Group is exposed to price risk arising from its forward purchase contracts over listed equities. The forward purchase
                        contracts are held to meet hedging objectives rather than for trading purposes. APA Group does not actively trade these
                        holdings.
                        Price risk sensitivity
                        The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to price risks at the reporting date. At the reporting
                        date, if the prices of APA Group’s forward purchase contracts over listed equities had been 5 percent p.a. higher or lower:
                        — net profit would have been unaffected as there is no effect from the forwards as the corresponding exposure will offset in
                          full (2017: $nil); and
                        — there is no effect on equity reserves as APA Group holds no available-for-sale investments (2017: $nil).
                        Price risk – electricity price
                        APA Group is exposed to electricity price risk arising from a contract for difference in an electricity agreement with a customer.
                        The contract guarantees the Group a fixed price for electricity offtake. The sensitivity of the contract for difference to changes
                        in the electricity price is provided in the fair value of financial instrument section.
                        b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to APA
                        Group. APA Group has adopted the policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral
                        or bank guarantees where appropriate as a means of mitigating the risk of loss. For financial investments or market risk
                        hedging, APA Group’s policy is to only transact with counterparties that have a credit rating of A- (Standard & Poor’s)/
                        A3 (Moody’s) or higher unless specifically approved by the Board. Where a counterparty’s rating falls below this threshold
                        following a transaction, no other transactions can be executed with that counterparty until the exposure is sufficiently reduced
                        or their credit rating is upgraded above APA Group’s minimum threshold. APA Group’s exposure to financial instrument and
                        deposit credit risk is closely monitored against counterparty credit limits imposed by the Treasury Risk Management Policy
                        approved by the ARMC. These limits are regularly reviewed by the Board.
                        Trade receivables consist of mainly corporate customers which are diverse and geographically spread. Most significant
                        customers have an investment grade rating from either Standard & Poor’s or Moody’s. Ongoing credit monitoring of the
                        financial position of customers is maintained.
                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any allowances, represents APA Group’s
                        maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to those assets.
                        Cross guarantee
                        In accordance with a deed of cross guarantee, APT Pipelines Limited, a subsidiary of APA Group, has agreed to provide
                        financial support, when and as required, to all wholly-owned controlled entities with either a deficit in shareholders’ funds
                        or an excess of current liabilities over current assets. The fair value of the financial guarantee as at 30 June 2018 has been
                        determined to be immaterial and no liability has been recorded (2017: $nil).
                        c) Liquidity risk
                        APA Group has a policy of dealing with liquidity risk which requires an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for
                        the management of APA Group’s short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. Liquidity
                        risk is managed by maintaining adequate cash reserves and banking facilities, by monitoring and forecasting cash flow and
                        where possible arranging liabilities with longer maturities to more closely match the underlying assets of APA Group.
                        Detailed in the table following are APA Group’s remaining contractual maturities for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The
                        table is presented based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities taking account of the earliest date on which
                        APA Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.
           78 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           c) Liquidity risk (continued)
           The table below shows the undiscounted Australian dollar cash flows associated with the AUD and foreign currency




For personal use only
           denominated notes, cross currency interest rate swaps and fixed interest rate swaps in aggregate.
           		                                                                                Average               Less than             More than
           		                                                                           interest rate                  1 year            1 – 5 years                 5 years
             Maturity                                                                          % p.a.                 $000                    $000                    $000

           2018
           Unsecured financial liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                    –              381,676                         –                      –
           Unsecured bank borrowings (a)                                                           3.07                   6,114              204,419                         –
           Denominated in A$
           Other financial liabilities (b)		                                                                             7,903                 29,578                 29,367
           Guaranteed Senior Notes           (c)


           Denominated in A$
           2007 Series E                                            15 May 19                      7.40                 73,214                        –                      –
           2007 Series G                                            15 May 22                      7.45                 6,002                 98,588                         –
           2007 Series H                                            15 May 22                      7.45                  4,617                75,837                         –
           2010 AUD Medium Term Notes                                22 Jul 20                     7.75                23,250                334,875                         –
           2016 AUD Medium Term Notes                               20 Oct 23                      3.75                 7,500                30,000                 203,750
           Denominated in US$
           2003 Series D                                              9 Sep 18                    6.02                 99,360                         –                      –
           2007 Series D                                            15 May 19                      5.99               162,324                         –                      –
           2007 Series F                                            15 May 22                      6.14                 11,354               187,787                         –
           2009 Series B                                                1 Jul 19                  8.86                   11,761              104,797                         –
           2012 US 144A                                              11 Oct 22                    3.88                  49,123               907,572                         –
           2015 US 144A (b)                                         23 Mar 25                     4.20                 62,483                249,932               1,612,832
           2015 US 144A (b)                                         23 Mar 35                     5.00                 20,287                  81,147              649,400
           2017 US 144A                                               15 Jul 27                    4.25                58,523               235,087                1,371,999
           Denominated in stated foreign currency
           2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                                 24 Jul 19                    4.25                 19,529                299,179                        –
           2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                               26 Nov 24                      4.25                 39,351                157,727               595,446
           2015 GBP Medium Term Notes (b)                           22 Mar 30                     3.50                 53,726               215,008                1,574,423
           2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (b)                           22 Mar 22                      1.38                36,341              1,103,923                         –
           2015 EUR Medium Term Notes              (b)
                                                                    22 Mar 27                     2.00                 40,615                162,458              1,086,471
            1,175,053
           		         4,477,914                                                                                                                                    7,123,688

           a) Bank facilities mature or expire on 2 July 2018 ($518.75 million limit), 18 May 2019 ($50 million limit), 19 December 2019 ($100 million limit), 18 May 2020
              ($150 million limit), 19 December 2020 ($100 million limit) and 18 July 2022 ($150 million limit). A new $1,000 million syndicated bank facility came into effect
              on 2 July 2018. The two tranches of this facility mature on 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2023 respectively.
           b) Facilities are denominated in or fully swapped by way of CCIRS into US$. Cashflows represent the US$ cashflow translated at the USD/AUD spot rate as at
              30 June 2018. These amounts are fully hedged by forward exchange contracts or future US$ revenues.
           c) Rates shown are the coupon rate.
                                                                                                                                 APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 79




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        c) Liquidity risk (continued)		                                                Average              Less than             More than
                        			                                                                       interest rate                 1 year            1 – 5 years                5 years




For personal use only
                        		                            Maturity                                           % p.a.                $000                    $000                   $000

                        2017
                        Unsecured financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables		                  – 312,611                                                                               –                     –
                        Unsecured bank borrowings (a)		–                    –                                                                               –                     –
                        2012 Subordinated Notes (b)     1 Oct 72 6.30  32,221                                                                         142,361             2,567,692
                        Denominated in A$
                        Other financial liabilities (c)			 7,609                                                                                      30,436                  33,927
                        Guaranteed Senior Notes             (d)


                        Denominated in A$
                        2007 Series E                                          15 May 19                    7.40                 5,045                  73,214                    –
                        2007 Series G                                          15 May 22                    7.45                 6,002               104,590                      –
                        2007 Series H                                          15 May 22                    7.45                  4,617                80,454                     –
                        2010 AUD Medium Term Notes                              22 Jul 20                   7.75                23,250                358,125                     –
                        2016 AUD Medium Term Notes                             20 Oct 23                    3.75                 7,500                30,000                211,250
                        Denominated in US$
                        2003 Series D                                            9 Sep 18                   6.02                  6,930                99,360                     –
                        2007 Series D                                          15 May 19                     5.99                  11,111             162,324                     –
                        2007 Series F                                          15 May 22                     6.14                11,354                199,141                    –
                        2009 Series B                                             1 Jul 19                  8.86                  5,897               116,558                     –
                        2012 US 144A                                            11 Oct 22                   3.88                 49,123               196,627              760,068
                        2015 US 144A (c)                                       23 Mar 25                    4.20                60,160               240,641              1,613,033
                        2015 US 144A (c)                                       23 Mar 35                    5.00                 19,533                78,130               644,790
                        2017 US 144A                                             15 Jul 27                  4.25                48,046               235,087              1,430,522
                        Denominated in stated foreign currency
                        2012 JPY Medium Term Notes                             22 Jun 18                     1.23              134,424                      –                      –
                        2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                              24 Jul 19                   4.25                 19,529              318,708                       –
                        2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                            26 Nov 24                     4.25                39,783                157,619               634,905
                        2015 GBP Medium Term Notes (c)                        22 Mar 30                     3.50                 51,729              207,013               1,567,617
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (c)                        22 Mar 22                      1.38               34,990             1,097,872                       –
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (c)                        22 Mar 27                     2.00                39,105                156,419             1,085,184
                        			                                                                                                   930,569              4,084,679            10,548,988

                        a) Undrawn bank facilities mature on 18 May 2018 ($100 million limit), 19 September 2018 ($311.25 million limit), 18 May 2019 ($50 million limit), 19 December
                           2019 ($100 million limit), 18 May 2020 ($50 million limit), 19 September 2020 ($207.5 million limit), 19 December 2020 ($100 million limit) and 18 May 2021
                           ($150 million limit).
                        b) The first call date is 31 March 2018.
                        c) Facilities are denominated in or fully swapped by way of CCIRS into US$. Cashflows represent the US$ cashflow translated at the USD/AUD spot rate as at
                           30 June 2017. These amounts are fully hedged by forward exchange contracts or future US$ revenues.
                        d) Rates shown are the coupon rate.

                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – fair value of financial instruments
                        APA Group has financial instruments that are carried at fair value in the statement of financial position. The best evidence
                        of fair value is quoted prices in an active market. If the market for a financial instrument is not active, APA Group determines
                        fair value by using various valuation models. The objective of using a valuation technique is to establish the price that would
                        be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability between market participants. The chosen valuation models make
                        maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on entity specific inputs. The fair values of all positions include
                        assumptions made as to recoverability based on the counterparty’s and APA Group’s credit risk.
                        Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position
                        The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair
                        value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable.
                        — Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
                          or liabilities.
                        — Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are
                          observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
                        — Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability
                          that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
           80 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position (continued)
           Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy occur at the end of the reporting period. There have been no transfers




For personal use only
           between the levels during 2018 (2017: none). Transfers between level 1 and level 2 are triggered when there are changes to
           the availability of quoted prices in active markets. Transfers into level 3 are triggered when the observable inputs become no
           longer observable, or vice versa for transfer out of level 3.
           Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
           The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at the end of each reporting period and determined as follows:
           — the fair values of available-for-sale financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded
              on active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices. These instruments are classified in the fair
              value hierarchy at level 1;
           — the fair values of forward foreign exchange contracts included in hedging assets and liabilities are calculated using
              discounted cash flow analysis based on observable forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period and contract
              forward rates discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are
              classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair values of interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, equity forwards and other derivative instruments included in
              hedging assets and liabilities are calculated using discounted cash flow analysis using observable yield curves at the end
              of the reporting period and contract rates discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties.
              These instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in
              accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable
              current markets discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are
              classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair value of financial guarantee contracts is determined based upon the probability of default by the specified
              counterparty extrapolated from market-based credit information and the amount of loss, given the default. These
              instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2; and
           — the carrying value of financial assets and liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the financial statements approximate
              their fair value having regard to the specific terms of the agreements underlying those assets and liabilities.
           Contract for difference
           The financial statements include a contract for difference arising from an electricity agreement with a customer that
           guarantees the Group a fixed price for electricity offtake for the agreed term which is measured at fair value. The fair value
           of the contract for difference is derived from internal discounted cash flow valuation methodology, which includes some
           assumptions that are not able to be supported by observable market prices or rates.
           In determining the fair value, the following assumptions were used:
           — estimated long term forecast electricity pool prices are applied as market prices are not readily observable for the
              corresponding term;
           — forecast electricity volumes are estimated based on an internal forecast output model;
           — the discount rates are based on observable market rates for risk-free instruments of the appropriate term;
           — credit adjustments are applied to the discount rates to reflect the risk of default by either the Group or a specific
              counterparty. Where a counterparty specific credit curve is not observable, an estimated curve is applied which takes into
              consideration the credit rating of the counterparty and its industry; and
           — these instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 3.
           Changes in any of the aforementioned assumptions may be accompanied by changes in other assumptions which may have
           an offsetting impact.
           Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                Level 1           Level 2   Level 3           Total
           2018                                                                                  $000              $000      $000            $000

           Financial assets measured at fair value
           Equity forwards designated as fair value through profit or loss                             –           2,045         –           2,045
           Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                         –          592,244        –         592,244
           Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                         –           29,130        –           29,130
                                                                                                       –          623,419        –         623,419

           Financial liabilities measured at fair value
           Interest rate swaps used for hedging                                                        –             800         –             800
           Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                         –          215,641        –          215,641
           Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                         –           13,486        –          13,486
           Contract for difference used for hedging (a)                                                –               –     6,536           6,536
                                                                                                       –          229,927    6,536         236,463

           a) This represents the fair value change during the year. There were no settlements during the year.
                                                                                                                                    APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 81




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                                                                                                            Level 1                Level 2                Level 3                    Total




For personal use only
                        2017                                                                                 $000                   $000                   $000                     $000

                        Financial assets measured at fair value
                        Equity forwards designated as fair value through profit or loss                            –                 2,673                        –                  2,673
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        –              416,256                         –              416,256
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        –               65,485                         –                 65,485
                                                                                                                   –              484,414                         –              484,414

                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                        Interest rate swaps used for hedging                                                       –                 4,977                        –                  4,977
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        –              269,019                         –              269,019
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        –                27,912                        –                  27,912
                                                                                                                   –              301,908                         –             301,908

                        Fair value measurements of financial instruments measured at amortised cost
                        The financial liabilities included in the following table are fixed rate borrowings. Other debts held by APA Group are floating
                        rate borrowings and amortised cost as recorded in the financial statements approximate their fair values.
                                                                                                                Carrying amount                              Fair value (level 2) (a)
                                                                                                              2018                   2017                   2018                     2017
                                                                                                             $000                   $000                   $000                     $000

                        Financial liabilities
                        Unsecured long term Private Placement Notes                                       730,049                 710,742                768,992                774,803
                        Unsecured Australian Dollar Medium Term Notes                                    500,000                500,000                  528,646                534,030
                        Unsecured Japanese Yen Medium Term Notes                                                   –               115,738                        –                 116,681
                        Unsecured Canadian Dollar Medium Term Notes                                       308,496                 301,230                312,539                308,490
                        Unsecured US Dollar 144A Medium Term Notes                                      4,057,344              3,906,504               3,992,019             4,008,505
                        Unsecured British Pound Medium Term Notes                                       1,694,492               1,610,281              1,768,993               1,721,799
                        Unsecured Euro Medium Term Notes                                                 2,129,801              2,007,377              2,108,339               1,976,924
                                                                                                        9,420,182                9,151,872             9,479,528               9,441,232

                        a) The fair values have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from
                           observable current markets, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are classified in the fair value
                           hierarchy at level 2.

                        20. Other financial instruments
                                                                                                                       Assets                                         Liabilities
                                                                                                              2018                   2017                   2018                     2017
                                                                                                             $000                   $000                   $000                     $000

                        Derivatives at fair value:
                          Equity forward contracts                                                            1,236                  1,484                        –                      –
                        Derivatives at fair value designated as hedging instruments:
                          Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                      29,101                 32,991                 10,656                   14,267
                          Interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges                                                   –                      –                 2,100                    4,214
                          Cross currency interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges                             24,903                  17,574                120,551                127,287
                          Contract for difference – cash flow hedges                                               –                      –                 6,094                        –
                        Financial item carried at amortised cost:
                          Redeemable preference share interest                                                  285                    285                        –                      –
                        Current                                                                             55,525                  52,334                139,401                145,768
           82 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           20. Other financial instruments (continued)
                                                                                          Assets                                 Liabilities
                                                                                  2018                2017               2018                    2017




For personal use only
                                                                                 $000                $000               $000                    $000

           Financial items carried at amortised cost:
               Redeemable preference shares                                     10,400             10,400                    –                      –
           Derivatives – at fair value:
               Equity forward contracts                                            809                1,189                  –                      –
               Indexed revenue contracts                                              –                   –              3,767                      –
           Derivatives at fair value designated as hedging instruments:
               Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                         29             32,494              2,830                   13,645
               Interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges                                 –                   –                  –                   2,072
               Cross currency interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges           580,249             414,690             121,471                 166,370
               Contract for difference – cash flow hedges                             –                   –               442                       –
           Non-current                                                         591,487             458,773            128,510                  182,087

           Redeemable preference shares relate to APA Group’s 20% interest in GDI (EII) Pty Ltd. In December 2011, APA sold 80% of its
           gas distribution network in South East Queensland (Allgas) into an unlisted investment entity, GDI (EII) Pty Ltd. At that date
           GDI issued 52 million Redeemable Preference Shares (RPS) to its owners. The shares attract periodic interest payments and
           have a redemption date 10 years from issue.
           Recognition and measurement
           Hedge accounting
           APA Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives, embedded derivatives and non-derivatives in
           respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. There are no fair value hedges in the current
           or prior year, hedges of foreign exchange and interest rate risk are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
           At the inception of the hedge relationship, APA Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship, including
           the risk management strategy for undertaking the hedge. This includes identification of the hedging instrument, hedged item
           or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness.
           Hedges are expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and they are regularly
           assessed to ensure they continue to be effective.
           Note 19 contains details of the fair values of the derivative instruments used for hedging purposes. Movements in the hedging
           reserve in equity are detailed in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.
           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivatives contract is entered into and subsequently remeasured
           to fair value at each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative
           is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on
           the nature of the hedge relationship. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset, a derivative with
           a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability.
           The fair value of hedging derivatives is classified as either current or non-current based on the timing of the underlying
           discounted cash flows of the instrument. Cash flows due within 12 months of the reporting date are classified as current and
           cash flows due after 12 months of the reporting date are classified as non-current.
           Cash flow hedges
           For cash flow hedges, the portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument that is effective is recognised directly in equity,
           while the ineffective portion is recognised in profit or loss.
           Amounts recognised in equity are transferred to the profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when
           the hedged income or expenses are recognised or when a forecast sale occurs. When the hedged item is the cost of a non-financial
           asset or liability, the amounts taken to equity are transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
           If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, amounts previously recognised in equity are transferred to the
           profit or loss. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked,
           amounts previously recognised in equity remain in equity until the forecast transaction occurs.
                                                                                                                            APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 83




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        20. Other financial instruments (continued)
                        Impairment of financial assets
                        Financial assets, other than those at fair value through profit or loss, are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of




For personal use only
                        each reporting period. Financial assets are impaired where, as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial
                        recognition of the financial asset, there is objective evidence that the estimated future cash flows of the investments have
                        been unfavourably impacted.
                        For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the asset’s carrying amount
                        and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. The carrying amount of
                        the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
                        With the exception of available-for-sale equity instruments, if, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss
                        decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the
                        previously recognised impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss, to the extent the carrying amount of the investment
                        at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised cost would have been had the impairment not
                        been recognised. In respect of available-for-sale equity instruments, any subsequent increase in fair value after an impairment
                        loss is recognised in other comprehensive income.
                        21. Issued capital                                                                                                  2018           2017
                        		                                                                                                                 $000           $000

                        Units
                        1,179,893,848 securities, fully paid (2017: 1,114,307,369 securities, fully paid) (a)                           3,288,123       3,114,617


                                                                                                                 2018 		2017
                                                                                                          No. of units  2018 No. of units                  2017
                                                                                                                 000   $000         000                   $000

                        Movements
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                1,114,307   3,114,617      1,114,307     3,195,445
                        Securities issued under entitlement offer                                                65,586    380,782              –              –
                        Capital distributions paid (Note 8)                                                          –    (201,385)             –       (80,828)
                        Issue costs of securities                                                                    –       (8,415)            –              –
                        Tax relating to security issue costs                                                         –       2,524              –              –
                        Balance at end of financial year                                                      1,179,893   3,288,123      1,114,307      3,114,617

                        a) Fully paid securities carry one vote per security and carry the right to distributions.

                        Changes to the then Corporations Law abolished the authorised capital and par value concept in relation to issued capital
                        from 1 July 1998. Therefore, the Trust does not have a limited amount of authorised capital and issued securities do not
                        have a par value.
           84 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Group Structure

           22. Non-controlling interests
           APT is deemed the parent entity of APA Group comprising of the stapled structure of APT and APTIT. Equity attributable to
           other trusts stapled to the parent is a form of non-controlling interest and represents 100% of the equity of APTIT.




For personal use only
           Summarised financial information for APTIT is set out below, the amounts disclosed are before inter-company eliminations.
                                                                                                                        2018               2017
                                                                                                                       $000               $000

           Financial position
           Current assets                                                                                                774                738
           Non-current assets                                                                                      1,063,708          1,009,757
           Total assets                                                                                            1,064,482          1,010,495
           Current liabilities                                                                                             78                 13
           Total liabilities                                                                                               78                 13
           Net assets                                                                                              1,064,404          1,010,482
           Equity attributable to non-controlling interests                                                        1,064,404          1,010,482

           Financial performance
           Revenue                                                                                                    68,061              72,979
           Expenses                                                                                                      (12)                 (12)
           Profit for the year                                                                                        68,049              72,967
           Total comprehensive income allocated to non-controlling interests for the year                             68,049              72,967

           Cash flows
           Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   68,852             75,570
           Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities                                                        (54,725)            33,801
           Distributions paid to non-controlling interests                                                           (135,616)          (109,371)
           Net cash used in financing activities                                                                       (14,127)         (109,371)

           The accounting policies of APTIT are the same as those applied to APA Group.
           There are no material guarantees, contingent liabilities or restrictions imposed on APA Group from APTIT’s non-controlling interests.
           APT Investment Trust                                                                                    1,064,404          1,010,482
           Other non-controlling interest                                                                                 53                 53
                                                                                                                   1,064,457          1,010,535

           APT Investment Trust
           Issued capital:
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                    976,284          1,005,074
           Issue of securities under entitlement offer                                                               124,234                   –
           Distribution – capital return (Note 8)                                                                     (67,597)           (28,790)
           Issue costs of units                                                                                        (2,745)                 –
                                                                                                                   1,030,176            976,284

           Reserves:
                                                                                                                            –                  –

           Retained earnings:
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                      34,198             41,812
           Net profit attributable to APTIT unitholders                                                               68,049             72,967
           Distributions paid (Note 8)                                                                               (68,019)           (80,581)
                                                                                                                      34,228              34,198

           Other non-controlling interest
           Issued capital                                                                                                   4                  4
           Reserves                                                                                                         1                  1
           Retained earnings                                                                                               48                 48
                                                                                                                           53                 53
                                                                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 85




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Group Structure

                        23. Joint arrangements and associates
                        The table below lists APA Group’s interest in joint ventures and associates that are reported as part of the Energy Investments
                        segment. APA Group provides asset management, operation and maintenance services and corporate services, in varying




For personal use only
                        combinations to the majority of energy infrastructure assets housed within these entities.
                                                                                                                                                             Ownership interest %
                        Name of entity                                     Principal activity                       Country of incorporation                2018                   2017

                        Joint ventures
                        SEA Gas                                            Gas transmission                         Australia                              50.00                 50.00
                        SEA Gas (Mortlake)                                 Gas transmission                         Australia                              50.00                 50.00
                        Energy Infrastructure Investments                  Energy infrastructure                    Australia                               19.90                 19.90
                        EII 2                                              Power generation (wind)                  Australia                              20.20                 20.20

                        Associates
                        GDI (EII)                                          Gas distribution                         Australia                              20.00                 20.00

                                                                                                                                                            2018                  2017
                                                                                                                                                           $000                  $000

                        Investment in joint ventures and associates using the equity method                                                              271,597                259,882

                        Joint Ventures
                        Aggregate carrying amount of investment                                                                                         242,768                 229,693
                        APA Group’s aggregated share of:
                          Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                17,105                 17,175
                          Other comprehensive income                                                                                                       9,039                 8,007
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                         26,144                25,182

                        Associates
                        Aggregate carrying amount of investment                                                                                           28,829                 30,189
                        APA Group’s aggregated share of:
                          Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                 4,819                 4,618
                          Other comprehensive income                                                                                                         (407)                2,914
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                          4,412                 7,532

                        Investment in associates
                        An associate is an entity over which APA Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor a joint arrangement.
                        Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity accounting method.
                        Under the equity accounting method the investment is recorded initially at cost to APA Group, including any goodwill on
                        acquisition. In subsequent periods the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to reflect APA Group’s share of the
                        retained post-acquisition profit or loss and other comprehensive income, less any impairment.
                        Losses of an associate or joint venture in excess of APA Group’s interests (which includes any long-term interests, that in
                        substance, form part of the net investment) are recognised only to the extent that there is a legal or constructive obligation
                        or APA Group has made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.
                        Contingent liabilities and capital commitments
                        APA Group’s share of the contingent liabilities, capital commitments and other expenditure commitments of joint operations
                        is disclosed in Note 25.
                        APA Group is a venturer in the following joint operations:
                                                                                                                                                                Output interest
                        		                                                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                        Name of venture Principal activity                                                                                                    %                      %

                        Goldfields Gas Transmission                            Gas pipeline operation – Western Australia                                  88.2 (a)              88.2 (a)
                        Mid West Pipeline                                      Gas pipeline operation – Western Australia                                 50.0   (b)
                                                                                                                                                                                 50.0 (b)

                        a) On 17 August 2004, APA acquired a direct interest in the Goldfields Gas Transmission joint operations as part of the SCP Gas Business acquisition.
                        b) Pursuant to the joint venture agreement, APA Group receives a 70.8% share of operating income and expenses.
           86 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Group Structure

           23. Joint arrangements and associates (continued)
           Interest in joint arrangements
           A joint arrangement is an arrangement whereby two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually




For personal use only
           agreed sharing of control such that decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement (those that significantly affect
           the returns) require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. APA Group has two types of joint arrangements:
           Joint ventures: A joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the net assets of the
           arrangement. Joint Ventures are accounted for using the equity accounting method; and
           Joint operations: A joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the assets, and obligations
           for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. In relation to its interest in a joint operation, APA Group recognises its share of
           assets and liabilities, revenue from the sale of its share of the output and its share of any revenue generated from the sale
           of the output by the joint operation and its share of expenses. These are incorporated into APA Group’s financial statements
           under the appropriate headings.
           24. Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by APT. Control exists where APT has power over the entities, i.e. existing rights that give
           it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the entities (those that significantly affect the returns); exposure, or
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entities; and the ability to use its power to affect those returns.
                                                                                                                        Ownership interest
                                                                                                  Country of
                                                                                                registration/          2018                2017
           Name of entity                                                                      incorporation             %                   %

           Parent entity
           Australian Pipeline Trust (a)
           Subsidiaries
           Agex Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                  Australia            100                100
           Amadeus Gas Trust (e)                                                                           –             96                 96
           APA (BWF Holdco) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                        Australia            100                100
           APA (EDWF Holdco) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                       Australia            100                100
           APA (EPX) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                           Australia            100                100
           APA (NBH) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                           Australia            100                100
           APA (Pilbara Pipeline) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                  Australia            100                100
           APA (SWQP) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                          Australia            100                100
           APA (WA) One Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                        Australia            100                100
           APA AIS 1 Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                           Australia            100                100
           APA AIS 2 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                               Australia            100                100
           APA AIS Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia            100                100
           APA AM (Allgas) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                     Australia            100                100
           APA BIDCO Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                           Australia            100                100
           APA Biobond Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                         Australia            100                100
           APA Country Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                                               Australia            100                100
           APA DPS Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                    Australia            100                100
           APA DPS2 Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                            Australia            100                100
           APA East Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                  Australia            100                100
           APA EE Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                    Australia            100                100
           APA EE Corporate Shared Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                                    Australia            100                100
           APA EE Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                     Australia            100                100
           APA EE Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                              Australia            100                100
           APA Ethane Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                          Australia            100                100
           APA Facilities Management Pty Limited (b),(c)                                           Australia            100                100
           APA Midstream Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                              Australia            100                100
           APA Operations (EII) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                Australia            100                100
           APA Operations Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                      Australia            100                100
           APA Orbost Gas Plant Pty Ltd (c),(d)                                                    Australia            100                  –
           APA Pipelines Investments (BWP) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                     Australia            100                100
           APA Power Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                  Australia            100                100
           APA Power PF Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                        Australia            100                100
           APA Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pty Limited (b),(c)                                         Australia            100                100
           APA SEA Gas (Mortlake) Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                         Australia            100                100
           APA SEA Gas (Mortlake) Pty Ltd (b)                                                      Australia            100                100
           APA Services (Int) Inc.                                                            United States             100                100
           APA Sub Trust No 1 (b),(e)                                                                      –            100                100
                                                                                   APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 87




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Group Structure

                        24. Subsidiaries (continued)                                               Ownership interest
                                                                                   Country of
                                                                                 registration/     2018           2017
                        Name of entity                                          incorporation        %              %




For personal use only
                        APA Sub Trust No 2 (b),(e)                                          –      100             100
                        APA Sub Trust No 3 (b),(e)                                          –      100             100
                        APA Transmission Pty Limited (b),(c)                        Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS A Pty Limited (b),(c)                               Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS Australia (Holdings) Pty Limited (b),(c)            Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS Australia (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)                 Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS Australia (Operations) Pty Limited (b),(c)          Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                       Australia      100             100
                        APA VTS B Pty Limited (b),(c)                               Australia      100             100
                        APA Western Slopes Pipeline Pty Limited (b),(c)             Australia      100             100
                        APA WGP Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                     Australia      100             100
                        APT (MIT) Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                      Australia      100             100
                        APT AM (Stratus) Pty Limited (b),(c)                        Australia      100             100
                        APT AM Employment Pty Limited (b),(c)                       Australia      100             100
                        APT AM Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                         Australia      100             100
                        APT Facility Management Pty Limited (b),(c)                 Australia      100             100
                        APT Goldfields Pty Ltd (b),(c)                              Australia      100             100
                        APT Management Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                 Australia      100             100
                        APT O&M Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                            Australia      100             100
                        APT O&M Services (QLD) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                      Australia      100             100
                        APT O&M Services Pty Ltd (b),(c)                            Australia      100             100
                        APT Parmelia Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                       Australia      100             100
                        APT Parmelia Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                Australia      100             100
                        APT Parmelia Trust (b),(e)                                          –      100             100
                        APT Petroleum Pipelines Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)        Australia      100             100
                        APT Petroleum Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                 Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)                     Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines (NT) Pty Limited (b),(c)                      Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines (QLD) Pty Limited (b),(c)                     Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines (SA) Pty Limited (b),(c)                      Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines (WA) Pty Limited (b),(c)                      Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines Investments (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)         Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines Investments (WA) Pty Limited (b),(c)          Australia      100             100
                        APT Pipelines Limited (b),(c)                               Australia      100             100
                        APT Sea Gas Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                    Australia      100             100
                        APT SPV2 Pty Ltd (b)                                        Australia      100             100
                        APT SPV3 Pty Ltd (b)                                        Australia      100             100
                        Australian Pipeline Limited (b)                             Australia      100             100
                        Central Ranges Pipeline Pty Ltd (b),(c)                     Australia      100             100
                        Darling Downs Solar Farm Pty Ltd (b),(c)                    Australia      100             100
                        Diamantina Holding Company Pty Limited (b),(c)              Australia      100             100
                        Diamantina Power Station Pty Limited (b),(c)                Australia      100             100
                        East Australian Pipeline Pty Limited (b),(c)                Australia      100             100
                        EDWF Holdings 1 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                             Australia      100             100
                        EDWF Holdings 2 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                             Australia      100             100
                        EDWF Manager Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                Australia      100             100
                        Epic Energy East Pipelines Trust (b),(e)                            –      100             100
                        EPX Holdco Pty Limited (b),(c)                              Australia      100             100
                        EPX Member Pty Limited (b),(c)                              Australia      100             100
                        EPX Trust (b),(e)                                                   –      100             100
                        Ethane Pipeline Income Financing Trust (b),(e)                      –      100             100
                        Ethane Pipeline Income Trust (b),(e)                                –      100             100
                        Gasinvest Australia Pty Ltd (b),(c)                         Australia      100             100
                        GasNet A Trust (e)                                                  –      100             100
                        GasNet Australia Investments Trust (e)                              –      100             100
                        GasNet Australia Trust (b),(e)                                      –      100             100
                        GasNet B Trust (b),(e),(f)                                          –        –             100
           88 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Group Structure

           24. Subsidiaries (continued)                                                                                                    Ownership interest
                                                                                                                Country of
                                                                                                              registration/               2018                   2017
           Name of entity                                                                                    incorporation                  %                      %




For personal use only
           Goldfields Gas Transmission Pty Ltd (b)                                                                 Australia               100                    100
           Gorodok Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                               Australia               100                    100
           Griffin Windfarm 2 Pty Ltd (b)                                                                          Australia               100                    100
           Moomba to Sydney Ethane Pipeline Trust (b),(e)                                                                  –               100                    100
           N.T. Gas Distribution Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                               Australia               100                    100
           N.T. Gas Easements Pty. Limited (b),(c)                                                                 Australia               100                    100
           N.T. Gas Pty Limited                                                                                    Australia                96                     96
           Roverton Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                              Australia               100                    100
           SCP Investments (No. 1) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia               100                    100
           SCP Investments (No. 2) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia               100                    100
           SCP Investments (No. 3) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia               100                    100
           Sopic Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                                 Australia               100                    100
           Southern Cross Pipelines (NPL) Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                            Australia               100                    100
           Southern Cross Pipelines Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                  Australia               100                    100
           Trans Australia Pipeline Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                Australia               100                    100
           Votraint No. 1606 Pty Limited (b)                                                                       Australia               100                    100
           Votraint No. 1613 Pty Limited (b)                                                                       Australia               100                    100
           Western Australian Gas Transmission Company 1 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                           Australia               100                    100
           Wind Portfolio Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                          Australia               100                    100
           a) Australian Pipeline Trust is the head entity within the APA tax-consolidated group.
           b) These entities are members of the APA tax-consolidated group.
           c) These wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered into a deed of cross guarantee with APT Pipelines Limited pursuant to ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/785
              and are relieved from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited financial report.
           d) Entity was acquired or registered during the 2018 year.
           e) These trusts are unincorporated and not required to be registered. In respect of APT Parmelia Trust, the governing law of the trust deed was changed from
              Cayman Islands to New South Wales, Australia on 7 August 2017.
           f) APA GasNet B trust terminated on 17 May 2018.


            Other

           25. Commitments and contingencies
                                                                                                                                          2018                  2017
                                                                                                                                         $000                  $000

           Capital expenditure commitments
           APA Group – plant and equipment                                                                                            287,506                583,387
           APA Group’s share of jointly controlled operations – plant and equipment                                                       2,293                 2,698
                                                                                                                                      289,799               586,085

           Contingent liabilities
           Bank guarantees                                                                                                              52,586                43,034

           APA Group had no contingent assets as at 30 June 2018 and 30 June 2017.
                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 89




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Other

                        26. Director and senior executive remuneration
                        Remuneration of Directors
                        The aggregate remuneration of Directors of APA Group is set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                                                  $                      $

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                   1,625,875              1,682,077
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                           154,482                 160,104
                        Total remuneration: Non-Executive Directors                                                                                     1,780,357                1,842,181

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                  3,638,690               3,589,472
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                           25,000                  35,000
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                             1,479,646              1,485,242
                        Total remuneration: Executive Director (a)                                                                                       5,143,336               5,109,714
                        Total remuneration: Directors                                                                                                   6,923,693               6,951,895

                        Remuneration of senior executives (a),(b)
                        The aggregate remuneration of senior executives of APA Group is set out below:
                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                   7,748,591              7,509,920
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            95,049                135,000
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                             2,822,148              2,849,270
                        Total remuneration: senior executives                                                                                          10,665,788              10,494,190

                        a) The remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Michael (Mick) McCormack, is included in both the remuneration disclosure for Directors
                           and senior executives.
                        b) The FY2017 total remuneration differs from the amount disclosed in the prior year due to the review of the composition of Executive KMP, refer to the remuneration
                           report for further details.

                        27. Remuneration of external auditor
                        Amounts received or due and receivable by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for:
                        Auditing the financial report                                                                                                     734,800                 654,900
                        Compliance plan audit                                                                                                               19,300                  18,900
                        Other assurance services         (a)
                                                                                                                                                           544,915                263,700
                        Other non-audit, non-assurance services (b)                                                                                           9,091                        –
                                                                                                                                                        1,308,106                 937,500

                        a) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other assurance services mainly comprise assurance services in relation
                           to the AER financial reporting guideline for Non-Scheme pipelines, security related transactions (equity and debt raisings) and procedures in relation to ASIC
                           Regulatory Guide 231 requirements (2017: Consisted of 2017 144A debt issuance and procedures in relation to ASIC Regulatory 231 requirements).
                        b) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other non-audit, non-assurance services comprise the facilitation of an
                           industry charter workshop.
           90 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Other

           28. Related party transactions
           a) Equity interest in related parties
           Details of the percentage of ordinary securities held in subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 24 and the details of the percentage




For personal use only
           held in joint operations, joint ventures and associates are disclosed in Note 23.
           b) Responsible Entity – Australian Pipeline Limited
           The Responsible Entity is wholly owned by APT Pipelines Limited.
           c) Transactions with related parties within APA Group
           Transactions between the entities that comprise APA Group during the financial year consisted of:
           — dividends;
           — asset lease rentals;
           — loans advanced and payments received on long-term inter-entity loans;
           — management fees;
           — operational services provided between entities;
           — payments of distributions; and
           — equity issues.
           The above transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions. The Group charges interest on inter-entity
           loans from time to time.
           All transactions between the entities that comprise APA Group have been eliminated on consolidation.
           Refer to Note 24 for details of the entities that comprise APA Group.
           Australian Pipeline Limited
           Management fees of $4,717,014 (2017: $3,967,352) were paid to the Responsible Entity as reimbursement of costs incurred
           on behalf of APA Group. No amounts were paid directly by APA Group to the Directors of the Responsible Entity, except as
           disclosed at Note 26.
           Australian Pipeline Limited, in its capacity as trustee and Responsible Entity of the Trust, has guaranteed the payment of
           principal, interest and other amounts as provided in the senior debt facilities of APT Pipelines Limited, the principal borrowing
           entity of APA Group.
           d) Transactions with other associates and joint ventures
           The following transactions occurred with APA Group’s associates and joint ventures on normal market terms and conditions:
                                                          Dividends		Purchases                                  Amount             Amount
                                                               from Sales to    from                            owed by            owed to
                                                            related  related related                             related            related
                                                            parties  parties parties                             parties            parties
           2018                                               $000    $000    $000                                $000               $000

           SEA Gas                                             5,975           3,853                 –                311                 –
           Energy Infrastructure Investments                       3,841      46,671                 –            15,486                  –
           EII 2                                               3,253             764                 –                 47                 –
           GDI (EII)                                               5,772     62,053                  –              7,417                 –
                                                               18,841        113,341                 –             23,261                 –

           2017
           SEA Gas                                            10,357           3,717                 –                 96                 –
           Energy Infrastructure Investments                   4,689          26,553                 –              5,792                 –
           EII 2                                                   3,244         752                 –                 46                 –
           GDI (EII)                                               4,121       51,711               99              7,094                 –
                                                               22,411         82,733                99            13,028                  –

           At year end, APA Group had a shareholder loan receivable from SEA Gas of $0.3 million (2017: $nil).
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 91




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Other

                        29. Parent entity information
                        The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial information below, are the
                        same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               2018             2017
                                                                                                                              $000             $000

                        Financial position
                        Assets
                        Current assets                                                                                       2,695,971         2,497,220
                        Non-current assets                                                                                     731,861           757,947
                        Total assets                                                                                        3,427,832          3,255,167

                        Liabilities
                        Current liabilities                                                                                    132,313           127,269
                        Total liabilities                                                                                      132,313           127,269
                        Net assets                                                                                           3,295,519         3,127,898

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                                      3,288,123           3,114,616
                        Retained earnings                                                                                         7,396           13,282
                        Total equity                                                                                         3,295,519         3,127,898

                        Financial performance
                        Profit for the year                                                                                   147,408            283,264
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                            147,408            283,264

                        Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                        Australian Pipeline Limited, in its capacity as trustee and Responsible Entity of the Trust, has guaranteed the payment of
                        principal, interest and other amounts as provided in the senior debt facilities of APT Pipelines Limited, the principal borrowing
                        entity of APA Group.
                        Due to the contingent nature of these financial guarantees no liability has been recorded (2017: $nil).
                        Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
                        No contingent liabilities have been identified in relation to the parent entity.
                        30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                        Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported in the current period (and/or prior periods)
                        There have not been any new or revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the consolidated
                        entity’s operations that would be effective for the current reporting period.
                        Standards and Interpretations issued not yet adopted
                        At the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Standards and Interpretations listed below were on issue but
                        not yet effective.
                                                                                                       Effective for annual         Expected to be
                                                                                                          reporting periods initially applied in the
                        Standard/Interpretation                                                       beginning on or after financial year ending

                        — AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’, and the relevant amending standards                    1 January 2018            30 June 2019
                        — AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’, and AASB 2015-8                       1 January 2018            30 June 2019
                          ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Effective date of AASB 15’
                        — AASB 16 ‘Leases’                                                                       1 January 2019           30 June 2020

                        As per the table above a number of new standards and amendments to standards are effective for annual periods beginning
                        after 1 January 2018 with earlier adoption permitted. APA Group has chosen not to early adopt the new or amended standards
                        in preparing these consolidated financial statements.
           92 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Other

           30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
           The expected impacts of the new standards on APA Group include:
           AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’




For personal use only
           AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ (AASB 9) is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early
           adoption permitted. APA Group will apply this new standard from 1 July 2018 (financial year ended 30 June 2019). AASB 9
           addresses the classification, measurement and de-recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities, introduces new rules
           for hedge accounting and a new impairment model for financial assets.
           APA Group has completed an assessment of the potential impact of the adoption of AASB 9 on the consolidated financial
           statements and does not expect the new standard to affect the classification and measurement of its financial assets or
           financial liabilities. The new hedge accounting rules will align the accounting for hedging instruments more closely with APA
           Group’s risk management practices. AASB 9 will expand the range of eligible hedging instruments, and allow for a portfolio
           management approach to hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts attributable to
           forward points, and basis spread in relation to cross currency swaps, provide the option to be deferred in a new cost of hedging
           reserve within equity. The deferred amounts are to be recognised against the related hedge transaction when it occurs. APA
           Group confirms that its current hedge relationships will qualify as continuing hedges upon the adoption of AASB 9.
           AASB 9 requires the recognition of impairment provisions based on expected credit losses rather than only incurred credit
           losses as is the case under AASB 139. Based upon this assessment, aside from the additional disclosure requirements, it is not
           expected that AASB 9 will have any material impact on APA Group’s accounts.
           APA Group will apply the new rules retrospectively, except for hedge accounting which is applied prospectively, with practical
           expedients permitted under the standard, although no material changes are expected. A review of the current classification
           and measurement of financial assets and liabilities has been undertaken to see if any changes are required. However due to
           the nature of instruments held, no changes were identified. A detailed assessment of all current hedge relationships has been
           undertaken to ensure they comply under the new rules and confirm if any of the new concepts could be employed to better
           manage the existing risks. Once again nothing has been identified. New hedge documentation has been completed for each
           type of current hedge relationship and regression testing completed in the Treasury Management System for a sample of
           relationships to ensure no system errors or constraints result, and that effectiveness results are as expected. Recognition of
           impairment is also not expected to change. The history of collection rates shows that APA Group does not have an expected
           loss on collection of debtors or loans.
           AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’
           AASB 15 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early adoption permitted. APA will apply this
           new standard from 1 July 2018 (financial year ended 30 June 2019).
           APA Group has completed an assessment of the impact of the adoption of AASB 15 on the consolidated financial statements.
           The key components of the assessment project included stratification of revenue streams, data gathering, review of contracts,
           and assessment and quantification of the expected impact.
           APA Group’s approach to assessing the impact of the transition to AASB 15 centred on detailed reviews of the major contracts
           covering each of the revenue streams, contracts were selected based on their representativeness of and significance for that
           revenue stream. Each contract reviewed was assessed against the AASB 15 five-step model and other considerations under
           the standard. A comparison was also made against APA Group’s current accounting policies to quantify the impact. The key
           judgements and assumptions made have been reviewed by internal stakeholders.
           Apart from providing more extensive disclosures on the Group’s revenue transactions, APA Group does not anticipate that
           the application of AASB 15 will have a significant impact on the financial position and/or financial performance of the Group.
           AASB 16 ‘Leases’
           AASB 16 ‘Leases’ (AASB 16) is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. Early adoption is permitted
           for entities that apply AASB 15 at or before the date of initial application of AASB 16. APA will apply AASB 16 in the financial
           year beginning 1 July 2019 (financial year ended 30 June 2020).
           Under AASB 16, the Group’s accounting for leases as a lessee will result in the recognition of a right-of-use (ROU) asset and an
           associated lease liability in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. The lease liability represents the present value of
           future lease payments, with the exception of short-term leases. An interest expense will be recognised on the lease liabilities
           and a depreciation charge will be recognised for the ROU assets. There will also be additional disclosure requirements under
           the new standard. The Group’s accounting for leases as a lessor remains unchanged under AASB 16.
           APA Group has completed an initial assessment of the impact of the adoption of AASB 16 on the consolidated financial
           statements. This assessment covered a variety of scenarios based on the various transition options and practical expedients
           applied. At this stage no decision has been made as to the transition option to be taken. The key judgements and assumptions
           made to date have been reviewed by internal stakeholders.
           APA Group’s approach to assessing the impact of the transition to AASB 16 centred on data gathering, discount rate
           determination, detailed reviews of each lease contract, and evaluation under the requirements of AASB 16.
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 93




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Other

                        30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
                        The impact on the Group’s consolidated statement of Profit or Loss as a result of the adoption of AASB 16 will depend on,
                        inter alia, the transition method chosen, discount rates applied, the extent to which APA Group uses the practical expedients




For personal use only
                        and recognition exemptions, and any additional leases that APA Group enters into prior to 1 July 2019.
                        As at 30 June 2018, APA Group had non-cancellable undiscounted operating lease commitments of $72.6 million as disclosed
                        in Note 17 of the 2018 APA Group consolidated financial statements. These commitments predominantly relate to commercial
                        offices, motor vehicles and Crown leases which will require recognition as ROU assets and associated lease liabilities. The
                        implementation of AASB 16 is not expected to result in the recognition of ROU assets or lease liabilities each totalling more
                        than the reported commitments as at 30 June 2018, nor does APA Group expect the adoption of AASB 16 to materially affect
                        its financial results or to impact its ability to comply with any of its loan covenants.
                        31. Events occurring after reporting date
                        On 2 July 2018 a new $1,000 million syndicated bank facility came into effect. This new facility has two tranches maturing on
                        30 June 2023 and 31 December 2023 respectively.
                        On 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CK Infrastructure
                        Holdings Limited (CKI), CK Asset Holdings Limited (CKA), Power Assets Holdings Limited (PAH) and CKM Australia Bidco Pty
                        Ltd (Bidder) under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of the stapled securities in APA under trust
                        schemes (Schemes). If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per stapled security. The
                        transaction does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year. If the Schemes are implemented at any time
                        after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional distribution of 4.0 cents per APA stapled security for
                        each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation of the Schemes (up to, and including, March 2019).
                        Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions, including regulatory and shareholder approvals.
                        On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution of 24.00 cents per security ($283.2 million) for APA Group.
                        This is comprised of a distribution of 17.96 cents per unit from APT and a distribution of 6.04 cents per unit from APTIT. The
                        APT distribution represents a 8.93 cents per unit fully franked profit distribution and 9.03 cents per unit capital distribution.
                        The APTIT distribution represents a 2.90 cents per unit profit distribution and a 3.14 cents per unit capital distribution.
                        Franking credits of 3.83 cents per security will be allocated to the franked profit distribution. The distribution will be paid on
                        12 September 2018.
                        Other than the events disclosed above, there have not been any events or transactions that have occurred subsequent to year
                        end that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
           94 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ declaration.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           For the financial year ended 30 June 2018
           The Directors declare that:
           a) in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that Australian Pipeline Trust will be able to pay its
              debts as and when they become due and payable;




For personal use only
           b) in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations
              Act 2001, including compliance with Accounting Standards and giving a true and fair view of the financial position and
              performance of APA Group;
           c) in the Directors’ opinion, the financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial
              Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and
           d) the Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by
              section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
           Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to section 295(5) of the
           Corporations Act 2001.
           On behalf of the Directors




           Michael Fraser                                          Debra Goodin
           Chairman                                                Director
           Sydney, 22 August 2018
                                                                                                                         APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 95




                        auditor’s independence declaration.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE LIMITED AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY FOR AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




                                                                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                            ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                            Grosvenor Place




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            225 George Street
                                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                            PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                            DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                            Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                            Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                            www.deloitte.com.au




                                       22 August 2018


                                       The Directors
                                       Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                                       Australian Pipeline Trust
                                       Level 25, 580 George Street
                                       Sydney NSW 2000



                                       Dear Directors


                                       Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity
                                       for Australian Pipeline Trust

                                       In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the
                                       following declaration of independence to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible
                                       entity for Australian Pipeline Trust.

                                       As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of Australian Pipeline Trust for the
                                       financial year ended 30 June 2018, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there
                                       have been no contraventions of:

                                                 (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
                                                     audit; and
                                                 (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                                       Yours sincerely




                                       DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                                       A V Griffiths
                                       Partner
                                       Chartered Accountants
                                       Sydney, 22 August 2018




                                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                       Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

                                                                                                    132
           96 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           independent auditor’s report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




                                                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                            ABN 74 490 121 060




For personal use only
                                                                                                            Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                            225 George Street
                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                            PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                            DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                            Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                            Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                            www.deloitte.com.au




                                    Independent Auditor’s Report
                            to the Unitholders of Australian Pipeline Trust
                          Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                          Opinion

                          We have audited the financial report of Australian Pipeline Trust (the “Trust”) and its controlled
                          entities (the “Group”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
                          2018, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
                          statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
                          and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and
                          other explanatory information, and the directors’ declaration.

                          In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations
                          Act 2001, including:

                          (i)   giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its financial
                                performance for the year then ended; and

                          (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                          Basis for Opinion

                          We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under
                          those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
                          Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor
                          independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the
                          Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                          Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have
                          also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                          We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has
                          been given to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (the “Responsible Entity”), would be in the
                          same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s report.

                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                          for our opinion.

                          Key Audit Matters

                          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                          in our audit of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context
                          of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                          provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                          Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                          Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

                                                                                       133
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 97




                        independent auditor’s report.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                                        Key Audit Matter                               How the scope of our audit responded to the Key
                                                                                       Audit Matter
                                        Carrying Value of Property, Plant and          Our procedures included, but were not limited to:
                                        Equipment, Goodwill and Other
                                        Intangible Assets                                        Assessing management’s determination
                                                                                                  of the Group’s CGUs based on our
                                        As at 30 June 2018 the Group’s balance                    understanding of the business. We have
                                        sheet includes property, plant and                        also analysed the internal reporting to
                                        equipment (PPE) of $9.7 billion, goodwill of              assess how earning streams are
                                        $1.2 billion and other intangible assets of               monitored and reported,
                                        $3.0 billion, which are allocated across                 Understanding the appropriateness of
                                        several cash generating units (CGUs) as                   management’s controls over the
                                        disclosed in Notes 11 and 12.                             evaluation of the carrying value of the
                                                                                                  Group’s PPE, goodwill and other
                                        The assessment of the recoverable amount                  intangible assets to determine any asset
                                        of the Group’s PPE, goodwill and other                    impairments,
                                        intangible asset balances requires the                   Challenging in conjunction with our
                                        exercise of significant judgement in respect              corporate finance specialists the Group’s
                                        of factors such as discount rates, future                 assumptions and estimates used to
                                        contract renewals, contracting of spare                   determine the recoverable amount of a
                                        capacity, as well as economic assumptions                 sample of CGUs, including those relating
                                        such as inflation.                                        to:
                                                                                                 o forecast revenue by reference to:
                                                                                                            future contract renewals
                                                                                                            contracting of spare capacity
                                                                                                 o operating and maintenance expenses
                                                                                                    with reference to actual costs incurred
                                                                                                    in the current period and approved
                                                                                                    budgets for forecast periods
                                                                                                 o discount rates with reference to:
                                                                                                            external data
                                                                                                            Deloitte developed discount
                                                                                                             rates.
                                                                                                 Assessing historical accuracy of
                                                                                                  managements budgeting and
                                                                                                  forecasting of the Group,
                                                                                                 Testing on a sample basis, the
                                                                                                  mathematical accuracy of the cash flow
                                                                                                  models and agreeing relevant data to
                                                                                                  approved budgets and latest forecasts,
                                                                                                  and
                                                                                                 Performing sensitivity analysis in
                                                                                                  relation to key assumptions, with
                                                                                                  particular focus on the discount rate and
                                                                                                  assumptions relating to contract
                                                                                                  renewals and contracting of spare
                                                                                                  capacity; and

                                                                                               We also assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                                               disclosures in Notes 11 and 12 to the
                                                                                               financial statements.




                                                                                        134
           98 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           independent auditor’s report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                           Key Audit Matter                                How the scope of our audit responded to the Key
                                                                           Audit Matter
                           Derivative transactions and balances            Our procedures included, but were not limited to,
                           including the application of hedge              engaging our Treasury specialists to assist with:
                           accounting
                                                                                  Understanding management’s controls over
                           As at 30 June 2018 the Group has variable               the recording of derivative transactions and
                           and fixed rate borrowings totalling $9.7                the application of hedge accounting,
                           billion extending through to 2035. These               Testing the accuracy and completeness of
                           borrowings are denominated in Australian,               derivative transactions and balances by
                           US and Canadian dollars as well as British              agreeing to third-party confirmations,
                           Pounds and Euros as disclosed in Note 18.              Evaluating the appropriateness of the
                                                                                   valuation methodologies applied and testing
                           As a result, the Group is exposed to                    on sample basis the valuation of the derivative
                           interest rate and foreign exchange rate                 financial instruments, and
                           movements and enters into the following                Testing on a sample basis the application of
                           types of derivative financial instruments to            hedge accounting (including hedge
                           manage those exposures:                                 effectiveness and measurement of
                                  Interest rate swaps to mitigate the             ineffectiveness), in particular for WGP, and
                                   risk of rising interest rates, and              validating that the derivative financial
                                  Cross currency interest rate swaps              instruments qualified for hedge accounting are
                                   to manage the currency risk                     in accordance with the relevant accounting
                                   associated with foreign currency                standards.
                                   denominated borrowings.
                                                                               We also assessed the appropriateness of the
                           In addition, as disclosed in Note 19,               disclosures in Notes 18 and 19 to the financial
                           revenue for the Wallumbilla Gladstone               statements.
                           Pipeline (WGP) is denominated in US
                           dollars. In order to manage the currency
                           risk the Group designates US dollar
                           borrowings (which acts as a natural hedge
                           of the forecast US dollar denominated
                           revenue) against a portion of the US dollar
                           revenue stream. The Group also uses
                           forward exchange contracts to hedge that
                           portion of the exchange rate risk not
                           covered by the US dollar borrowings. The
                           Group applies hedge accounting in respect
                           of these arrangements which are complex.




                          Other Information

                          The directors of the Responsible Entity (“the Directors”) are responsible for the other information.
                          The other information comprises the information included in the Group’s annual report for the year
                          ended 30 June 2018, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                          Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                          form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                          In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information
                          and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
                          report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
                          based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                          other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                            135
                                                                                                                 APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 99




                        independent auditor’s report.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                                       Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                                       The directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view
                                       in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such
                                       internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                                       report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
                                       or error.

                                       In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group
                                       to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
                                       the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                                       cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                       Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                                       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                                       free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
                                       includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
                                       an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material
                                       misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
                                       if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                                       decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                                       As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                                       judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                              Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due
                                               to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
                                               audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
                                               of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
                                               from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                               misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                              Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                               procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
                                               an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                                              Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
                                               accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                                              Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
                                               accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
                                               related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to
                                               continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
                                               required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial
                                               report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
                                               based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
                                               events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                              Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                               disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and
                                               events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                              Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
                                               or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                                               responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain
                                               solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                         136
           100 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           independent auditor’s report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                          We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
                          of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
                          we identify during our audit.

                          We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                          requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                          matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related
                          safeguards.

                          From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                          significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                          matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
                          disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
                          should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                          reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                          Report on the Remuneration Report

                          Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                          We have audited the Remuneration Report of the Responsible Entity of Australian Pipeline Trust
                          included in pages 40 to 49 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2018.

                          In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity of
                          Australian Pipeline Trust for the year ended 30 June 2018, has been prepared in accordance with
                          section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                          Responsibilities

                          The directors have voluntarily presented the Remuneration Report of the Responsible Entity of
                          Australian Pipeline Trust in accordance with the requirements of section 300A of the Corporations
                          Act 2001. We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                          DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                          A V Griffiths
                          Partner
                          Chartered Accountants
                          Sydney, 22 August 2018




                                                                              137
                                                                                                           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 101




                        directors’ report.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        APT Investment Trust and its Controlled Entities (ARSN 115 585 441)
                        Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2018
                        The Directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (“Responsible Entity”) submit their report and the annual financial report of APT
                        Investment Trust (“APTIT”) and its controlled entities (together “Consolidated Entity”) for the financial year ended 30 June




For personal use only
                        2018. This report refers to the consolidated results of APTIT, one of the two stapled entities of APA Group, with the other
                        stapled entity being Australian Pipeline Trust (together “APA”).
                        1. Directors
                        The names of the Directors of the Responsible Entity during the year are:
                        Michael Fraser                    Chairman as at 27 October 2017
                        Michael (Mick) McCormack          Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
                        Steven (Steve) Crane
                        Debra (Debbie) Goodin
                        Russell Higgins AO
                        Patricia McKenzie
                        Shirley In’t Veld                 Appointed 19 March 2018
                        Peter Wasow                       Appointed 19 March 2018
                        Leonard Bleasel AM                Retired as Chairman and Director 27 October 2017
                        John Fletcher                     Retired as a Director 21 February 2018

                        The Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity during and since the current period is Nevenka Codevelle.
                        2. Principal Activities
                        The Consolidated Entity operates as an investment and financing entity within the APA Group.
                        3. State of Affairs
                        On 13 June 2018, APA announced that an unsolicited, indicative non-binding proposal had been received from a consortium
                        comprising CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited (CKI), CK Asset Holdings Limited (CKA) and Power Assets Holdings Limited
                        (PAH) (together, the Consortium), to acquire all of the stapled securities in APA. The indicative price proposed by the
                        Consortium was $11.00 cash per stapled security, plus the final six months distribution for FY2018 of 24.0 cents per stapled
                        security to be paid in September as scheduled. The Board considered it was in the best interests of Securityholders to further
                        engage with the Consortium and allow due diligence which was undertaken during June – August 2018.
                        Subsequently, on 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CKI,
                        CKA, PAH and CKM Australia Bidco Pty Ltd (Bidder) under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of
                        the stapled securities in APA under trust schemes (Schemes).
                        If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per APA stapled security. The transaction
                        does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year, which the Board announced on 22 August 2018, will be 24.0
                        cents per stapled security, and will be paid on 12 September 2018.
                        If the Schemes are implemented at any time after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional
                        distribution of 4.0 cents per APA stapled security for each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation
                        of the Schemes (up to, and including, March 2019).
                        Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions outlined in the Implementation Agreement (a copy of which
                        was attached to APA’s ASX announcement on 13 August 2018). The conditions include:
                        — Approval of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and the Foreign Investment Review Board;
                        — An Independent Expert opining that the Schemes are fair and reasonable and in the best interests of APA Securityholders;
                        — No “material change” or “prescribed events” occurring in relation to APA;
                        — CKA shareholder approval;
                        — APA Securityholder approval; and
                        — Court approval.
                        The APA Directors unanimously recommend the transaction in the absence of a superior proposal and subject to an
                        Independent Expert concluding (and continuing to conclude) that the Schemes are fair and reasonable and in the best
                        interests of APA Securityholders.
                        Depending on the progress of regulatory approvals, a meeting of APA Securityholders is targeted to be held in late
                        November 2018 to consider the Schemes, with implementation and payment to APA Securityholders targeted to occur in mid
                        December 2018.
           102 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           4. Subsequent Events
           On 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CKI, CKA, PAH and
           CKM Bidder under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of the stapled securities in APA under trust
           schemes (Schemes). If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per stapled security. The
           transaction does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year. If the Schemes are implemented at any time




For personal use only
           after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional distribution of 4.0 cents per APA stapled security for
           each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation of the Schemes (up to, and including, March 2019).
           Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions, including regulatory and shareholder approvals.
           On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution for the 2018 financial year of 6.04 cents per unit ($71.3 million).
           The distribution represents a 2.90 cents per unit unfranked profit distribution and 3.14 cents per unit capital distribution. The
           distribution is expected to be paid on 12 September 2018.
           Other than what is noted above and as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there has not arisen in the interval between the
           end of the full year to 30 June 2018 and the date of this report any matter or circumstance that has significantly affected,
           or may significantly affect, the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state of affairs, in future
           financial years.
           5. Review and Results of Operations
           The Consolidated Entity reported net profit after tax of $68.0 million (FY2017: $73.0 million) for the year ended 30 June 2018
           and total revenue of $68.1 million (FY2017: $73.0 million).
           6. Distributions
           Distributions paid to Securityholders during the financial year were:
                                                                    Final FY2017 distribution                  Interim FY2018 distribution
                                                                    paid 13 September 2017                         paid 14 March 2018
                                                               Cents per      Total distribution            Cents per     Total distribution
                                                                security                  $000               security                 $000

           APTIT profit distribution                                 3.07                 34,198                  3.03                33,821
           APTIT capital distribution                                3.69                 41,107                  2.38               26,490
           Total                                                     6.76                75,305                   5.41                60,311

           On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution for APTIT for the financial year of 6.04 cents per security which
           is payable on 12 September 2018 and will comprise the following components:
                                                                                                                Final FY2018 distribution
                                                                                                               payable 12 September 2018
                                                                                                            Cents per     Total distribution
                                                                                                             security                 $000

           APTIT profit distribution                                                                              2.90                34,228
           APTIT capital distribution                                                                             3.14                37,022
           Total                                                                                                  6.04                71,250

           Distribution information is presented on an accounting classification basis. The APA Group Annual Tax Statement and
           Annual Tax Return Guide (to be released in September 2018) will provide the classification of distribution components for the
           purposes of preparation of Securityholder income tax returns.
           7.     Directors
           7.1 Information on Directors and Company Secretary
           See pages 06 to 07 for information relating to qualifications and experience of the Directors and the Company Secretary.
                                                                                                                                APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 103




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7.2 Directorships of other listed companies
                        Directorships of other listed companies held by Directors at any time in the three years immediately before the end of the
                        financial year are as follows:
                        Name                                 Company                                                 Period of directorship




For personal use only
                        Michael Fraser                       Aurizon Holdings Limited                                Since February 2016
                        Michael McCormack                    –                                                       –
                        Steven Crane                         nib holdings limited                                    Since September 2010, Chair since October 2011
                        Debra Goodin                         Senex Energy Limited                                    Since May 2014
                                                             oOh!media Limited                                       Since November 2014
                                                             Ten Network Holdings Limited                            August 2016 to November 2017
                                                             Atlas Arteria Limited                                   Since September 2017
                        Russell Higgins AO                   Telstra Corporation Limited                             Since September 2009
                                                             Argo Investments Limited                                Since September 2011, Chair since July 2018
                                                             Argo Global Listed Infrastructure Limited Chair since July 2018
                        Patricia McKenzie                    –                                                       –
                        Shirley In’t Veld                    Asciano Limited                                         November 2010 to August 2016
                                                             DUET Group                                              August 2013 to May 2017
                                                             Northern Star Resources Limited                         Since September 2016
                        Peter Wasow                          Alcoa Australia Limited                                 January 2014 to July 2017
                                                             Oz Minerals Limited                                     Since November 2017
                                                             Alumina Limited                                         September 2011 to May 2017

                        7.3 Directors’ meetings
                        During the financial year, 17 Board meetings, four Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings, four People and
                        Remuneration Committee meetings, four Health Safety and Environment Committee meetings and six Nomination
                        Committee meetings were held. The following table sets out the number of meetings attended by each Director while they
                        were a Director or a committee member:
                                                                                        People &              Audit & Risk             Health Safety
                                                                                      Remuneration            Management               & Environment      Nomination
                                                                   Board               Committee               Committee                Committee         Committee
                        Directors                             A            B              A        B            A           B             A           B   A        B
                        Michael Fraser                        17           16             2        2            4           4             –           –   6        6
                        Michael McCormack                     17           17             –        –            –           –             –           –   –        –
                        Steven Crane                          17           17             4        3            4           4             –           –   1        1
                        Debra Goodin                          17           17             –        –            4           4             4           4   6        6
                        Russell Higgins AO                    17           17             –        –            4           4             4           4   6        6
                        Patricia McKenzie                     17           17             4        4            –           –             4           4   1        1
                        Shirley Int’d Veld                     7           6              2        2            –           –             2           2   –        –
                        Peter Wasow                            7           6              2        2             1          1             –           –   –        –
                        Leonard Bleasel AM (1)                 6           6              –        –            –           –             –           –   1        1
                        John Fletcher     (2)
                                                              10           9              2        2            3           3             –           –   1        1

                        A: Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the financial year.
                        B: Number of meetings attended.




                        1) Leonard Bleasel AM retired as a Director on 27 October 2017.
                        2) John Fletcher retired as a Director on 21 February 2018.
           104 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ report. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.4 Directors’ securityholdings
           The aggregate number of APA securities held directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors or their Director related entities at
           30 June 2018 is 800,118 (2017: 1,365,674 (3)).
           The following table sets out Directors’ relevant interests in APA securities as at 30 June 2018:




For personal use only
                                                                                          Fully paid			                         Fully paid
                                                                                    securities as at Securities Securities securities as at
           Directors                                                                    1 July 2017   acquired   disposed    30 June 2018

           Michael Fraser                                                                      25,000                   77,942                       –              102,942
           Michael McCormack                                                                 320,000                  30,000                         –             350,000
           Steven Crane                                                                      130,000                          0                      –             130,000
           Debra Goodin                                                                         19,200                  3,800                        –               23,000
           Russell Higgins AO                                                                  122,719                   7,220                       –               129,939
           Patricia McKenzie                                                                    22,889                   1,348                       –                24,237
           Shirley Int’d Veld (4)                                                                      –              25,000                         –               25,000
           Peter Wasow (5)                                                                             –              15,000                         –               15,000
           Leonard Bleasel AM        (6)
                                                                                               637,616                        –                      –                          –
           John Fletcher (7)                                                                   88,250                         –                      –                          –
                                                                                             1,365,674                160,310                        –              800,118

           The Directors hold no other rights or options over APA securities. There are no contracts to which a Director is a party or under
           which the Director is entitled to a benefit and that confer a right to call for or deliver APA securities.
           8. Options Granted
           In this report, the term “APA securities” refers to stapled securities each comprising a unit in Australian Pipeline Trust stapled
           to a unit in APT Investment Trust and traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under the code “APA”.
           No options over unissued APA securities were granted during or since the end of the financial year, no unissued APA securities
           were under option as at the date of this report, and no APA securities were issued during or since the end of the financial year
           as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued APA securities.
           9. Indemnification of Officers
           During the financial year, the Responsible Entity paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors and Officers
           of the Responsible Entity and any APA Group entity against any liability incurred in performing those roles to the extent
           permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits specific disclosure of the nature of the liability
           and the amount of the premium.
           Australian Pipeline Limited, in its own capacity and as Responsible Entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment
           Trust, indemnifies each Director and Company Secretary, and certain other executives, former executives and officers of the
           Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity under a range of deed polls and indemnity agreements which have been in place
           since 1 July 2000. The indemnity operates to the full extent allowed by law but only to the extent not covered by insurance,
           and is on terms the Board considers usual for arrangements of this type.
           Under its constitution, Australian Pipeline Limited (in its personal capacity) indemnifies each person who is or has been a
           Director, Company Secretary or executive officer of that company.
           The Responsible Entity has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify
           an officer or external auditor of the Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity against a liability incurred by such an officer
           or auditor.




           3) At 30 June 2017 the aggregate number of APA securities held directly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities included 637,616 securities held by
              Leonard Bleasel AM who retired on 27 October 2017 and 88,250 securities held by John Fletcher who retired on 21 February 2018. The aggregate number of APA
              Securities held directly or beneficially by the current Directors or their related entities as at 30 June 2017 was 639,808.
           4) Shirley In’t Veld was appointed as a Director effective 19 March 2018. She held 25,000 securities on appointment.
           5) Peter Wasow was appointed as a Director effective 19 March 2018. He held nil securities on appointment.
           6) Leonard Bleasel AM retired as the Chairman and a Director on 27 October 2017. He held 637,616 securities on retirement.
           7) John Fletcher retired as a Director on 21 February 2018. He held 88,250 securities on retirement.
                                                                                                            APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 105




                        directors’ report. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        10. Information Required for Registered Schemes
                        Fees paid to the Responsible Entity and its associates (including Directors and Secretaries of the Responsible Entity, related
                        bodies corporate and Directors and Secretaries of related bodies corporate) out of APA scheme property during the financial
                        year are disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements.
                        Except as disclosed in this report, neither the Responsible Entity nor any of its associates holds any APTIT units.




For personal use only
                        The number of APTIT units issued during the financial year, and the number of APTIT units on issue at the end of the financial
                        year, are disclosed in Note 13 to the financial statements.
                        The value of the Consolidated Entity’s assets as at the end of the financial year is disclosed in the balance sheet in total
                        assets, and the basis of valuation is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
                        11. Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        A copy of the independence declaration of the auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Auditor”) as required under section 307C
                        of the Corporations Act 2001 is included at page 121.
                        12. Rounding of Amounts
                        The Consolidated Entity is an entity of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 and, in accordance
                        with that Class Order, amounts in the Directors’ report and the financial report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars,
                        unless otherwise indicated.
                        13. Authorisation
                        The Directors’ report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to
                        section 298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Michael Fraser                                         Debra Goodin
                        Chairman                                               Director
                        Sydney, 22 August 2018
           106 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018

                                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                           Note             $000             $000

           Continuing operations
           Revenue                                                                             4           68,061           72,979




For personal use only
           Expenses                                                                            4               (12)             (12)
           Profit before tax		
                             68,049 72,967
           Income tax expense                                                                  5                –                –
           Profit for the year		
                               68,049 72,967

           Other comprehensive income
           Total comprehensive income for the year		
                                                   68,049 72,967

           Profit Attributable to:
           Unitholders of the parent		                                                                     68,049            72,967
            68,049
           		      72,967

           Total comprehensive income attributable to:
           Unitholders of the parent		                                                                     68,049            72,967

           			2017
           Earnings per unit		
                             2018 (Restated)

           Basic and diluted (cents per unit)                                                  6              6.0               6.5

           The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
           accompanying notes.
                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 107




                        consolidated statement of financial position.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2018



                        		     2018  2017
                         Note $000  $000

                        Current assets
                        Receivables                                                                          8              774                738




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets
                        Receivables                                                                          8             7,737              8,511
                        Other financial assets                                                               11        1,055,971        1,001,246
                        Non-current assets		
                                           1,063,708 1,009,757
                        Total assets                                                                                  1,064,482         1,010,495

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                             9               78                  13
                        Total liabilities                                                                                    78                  13
                        Net assets                                                                                    1,064,404         1,010,482

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                      13         1,030,176            976,284
                        Retained earnings                                                                                34,228              34,198
                        Total equity                                                                                  1,064,404         1,010,482

                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
           108 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           consolidated statement of changes in equity.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



           		 Issued                                                                                     Retained
           		 capital                                                                                    earnings                Total
             Note $000                                                                                      $000                $000

           Balance at 1 July 2016		                                                    1,005,074            41,812       1,046,886




For personal use only
           Profit for the year		                                                               –           72,967              72,967
           Total comprehensive income for the year		                                           –           72,967              72,967
           Distributions to unitholders                                       7          (28,790)         (80,581)            (109,371)
           Balance at 30 June 2017		                                                     976,284           34,198        1,010,482

           Balance at 1 July 2017		                                                      976,284           34,198        1,010,482
           Profit for the year                                                                 –           68,049             68,049
           Total comprehensive income for the year		                                           –           68,049             68,049
           Issue of capital (net of issue costs)                             13          121,489                –             121,489
           Distributions to unitholders                                       7          (67,597)         (68,019)            (135,616)
           Balance at 30 June 2018		
                                   1,030,176 34,228 1,064,404

           The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 109




                        consolidated statement of cash flows
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018



                                                                                                                                  2018              2017
                                                                                                                                 $000              $000

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Trust distribution – related party                                                                      27,979             28,610




For personal use only
                        Interest received – related parties                                                                     39,349             45,531
                        Proceeds from repayment of finance leases                                                                 1,167              1,167
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                    369                274
                        Payments to suppliers                                                                                       (12)               (12)
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                                                               68,852             75,570

                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Proceeds from transfer of financial asset to related party                                                    –            32,566
                        (Advances to)/receipts from related parties                                                            (54,725)             1,235
                        Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities                                                    (54,725)            33,801

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from issue of units                                                                           124,234                  –
                        Payment of unit issue costs                                                                              (2,745)                –
                        Distributions to unitholders                                                                           (135,616)         (109,371)
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                                   (14,127)         (109,371)

                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                     –                 –
                        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                                      –                 –
                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                                            –                 –

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from
                        investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified within operating
                        cash flows.
           110 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Basis of Preparation

           1. About this report
           In the following financial statements, note disclosures are grouped into six sections being: Basis of Preparation; Financial
           Performance; Operating Assets and Liabilities; Capital Management; Group Structure; and Other. Each note sets out the




For personal use only
           accounting policies applied in producing the results along with any key judgements and estimates used.




            Basis of Preparation                                            Capital Management
           1.     About this report                                        11. Other financial instruments
           2.     General information                                      12. Financial risk management
                                                                           13. Issued capital

            Financial Performance
           3.     Segment information                                       Group Structure
           4.     Profit from operations                                   14. Subsidiaries
           5.     Income tax
           6.     Earnings per unit                                         Other
           7.     Distributions                                            15. Commitments and contingencies
                                                                           16. Director and senior executive remuneration
            Operating Assets and Liabilities                               17. Remuneration of external auditor
           8.     Receivables                                              18. Related party transactions
           9.     Payables                                                 19. Parent entity information
           10. Leases                                                      20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                                                                           21. Events occurring after reporting date
                                                                                                               APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 111




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Basis of Preparation

                        2. General information
                        APT Investment Trust (“APTIT” or “Trust”) is one of the two stapled trusts of APA Group, the other stapled trust being
                        Australian Pipeline Trust (“APT”). Each of APT and APTIT are registered managed investment schemes regulated by the




For personal use only
                        Corporations Act 2001. APTIT units are “stapled” to APT units on a one-to-one basis so that one APTIT unit and one APT unit
                        form a single stapled security which trades on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code “APA”.
                        This financial report represents the consolidated financial statements of APTIT and its controlled entities (together
                        the “Consolidated Entity”). For the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial report, the Consolidated Entity is a
                        for‑profit entity.
                        All intragroup transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. Where necessary, adjustments are made to
                        the assets, liabilities, and results of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates to bring their accounting policies into line
                        with those used by the Consolidated Entity.
                        APTIT’s registered office and principal place of business is as follows:
                        Level 25
                        580 George Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Tel: (02) 9693 0000
                        APTIT operates as an investment entity within APA Group.
                        The financial report for the year ended 30 June 2018 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors
                        on 22 August 2018.
                        This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001,
                        Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board
                        (AASB), and also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                        Standards Board.
                        The financial report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of financial instruments.
                        The financial report is presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000) in
                        accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191, unless otherwise stated.

                        Financial Performance

                        3. Segment information
                        The Consolidated Entity has one reportable segment being energy infrastructure investment.
                        The Consolidated Entity is an investing entity within the Australian Pipeline Trust stapled group. As the Trust only operates in
                        one segment, it has not disclosed segment information separately.
                        4. Profit from operations
                        Profit before income tax includes the following items of income and expense:
                                                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                                                  $000               $000

                        Revenue
                        Distributions
                        Trust distribution – related party                                                                        27,979             28,610
                                                                                                                                  27,979             28,610

                        Finance income
                        Interest – related parties                                                                               39,350              44,141
                        Loss on financial asset held at fair value through profit or loss                                              –               (510)
                        Finance lease income – related party                                                                         430                464
                                                                                                                                 39,780             44,095

                        Other revenue
                        Other                                                                                                        302                274
                        Total revenue                                                                                             68,061             72,979

                        Expenses
                        Audit fees                                                                                                    (12)               (12)
                        Total expenses                                                                                                (12)               (12)
           112 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Financial Performance

           4. Profit from operations (continued)
           Revenue is recognised to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Consolidated Entity and
           can be reliably measured. Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of duties and taxes paid. Revenue is recognised for the major




For personal use only
           business activities as follows:
           — Interest revenue, which is recognised as it accrues and is determined using the effective interest method;
           — Distribution revenue, which is recognised when the right to receive a distribution has been established;
           — Finance lease income, which is recognised when receivable.
           5. Income tax
           Income tax expense is not brought to account in respect of APTIT as, pursuant to Australian taxation laws, APTIT is not liable
           for income tax provided that its realised taxable income (including any assessable realised capital gains) is fully distributed to
           its unitholders each year.
           6. Earnings per unit
           		2017
                                 2018 (Restated)
                                cents     cents

           Basic and diluted earnings per unit                                                                         6.0               6.5

           The earnings and weighted average number of units used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit are as follows:
                                                                                                                     2018              2017
                                                                                                                    $000              $000

           Net profit attributable to unitholders for calculating basic and diluted earnings per unit              68,049             72,967

           		2017
              2018  (Restated)
             No. of     No. of
              units      units
              000        000

           Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary units used in the
           calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit                                                    1,136,875          1,118,522

           During March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata
           accelerated institutional tradeable renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer). The Entitlement Offer was offered
           at $7.70 per security, a discount to APA Group’s closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the
           last trading day before the record date of 26 February 2018. The number of securities used for the current and prior period
           calculation of earnings per security has been adjusted for the discounted rights issue. An adjustment factor of 1.0038 has
           been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights price
           (TERP) of $8.23 per security.
           7.     Distributions
                                                                               2018               2018              2017               2017
                                                                           cents per              Total         cents per              Total
                                                                                unit             $000                unit             $000

           Recognised amounts
           Final distribution paid on 13 September 2017
           (2017: 16 September 2016)
           Profit distribution (a)                                              3.07             34,198               3.75             41,811
           Capital distribution                                                 3.69             41,107              0.63              6,976
                                                                                 6.76           75,305                4.38            48,787

           Interim distribution paid on 14 March 2018
           (2017: 15 March 2017)
           Profit distribution (a)                                              3.03             33,821               3.48            38,770
           Capital distribution                                                 2.38            26,490                1.96            21,814
                                                                                 5.41            60,311               5.44           60,584
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 113




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Financial Performance

                        7.   Distributions (continued)
                                                                                            2018               2018             2017               2017
                                                                                        cents per              Total        cents per              Total
                                                                                             unit             $000               unit             $000




For personal use only
                        Total distributions recognised
                        Profit distributions (a)                                             6.10            68,019               7.23            80,581
                        Capital distributions                                                6.07            67,597               2.59            28,790
                                                                                             12.17          135,616               9.82           109,371

                        Unrecognised amounts
                        Final distribution payable on 12 September 2018 (b)
                        (2017: 13 September 2017)
                        Profit distribution (a)                                              2.90            34,228               3.07            34,198
                        Capital distribution                                                 3.14            37,022               3.69            41,107
                                                                                             6.04            71,250               6.76            75,305

                        a) Profit distributions unfranked (2017: unfranked).
                        b) Record date 29 June 2018.

                        The final distribution in respect of the financial year has not been recognised in this financial report because the final
                        distribution was not declared, determined or publicly confirmed prior to the end of the financial year.

                        Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        8.   Receivables
                                                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                                                                $000              $000

                        Finance lease receivable – related party (Note 10)                                                         774               738
                        Current                                                                                                    774               738

                        Finance lease receivable – related party (Note 10)                                                       7,737              8,511
                        Non-current                                                                                              7,737              8,511

                        In determining the recoverability of a receivable, the Consolidated Entity considers any change in the credit quality of the
                        receivable from the date the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The directors believe that there is no credit
                        provision required.
                        None of the above receivables is past due.
                        9.   Payables
                        Other payables		                                                                                            78                13

                        Trade and other payables are recognised when the Consolidated Entity becomes obliged to make future payments resulting
                        from the purchase of goods and services. Trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost.
                        The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables.
                        GST receivable or GST payable is only recognised once a tax invoice has been issued or received.
           114 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Operating Assets and Liabilities

           10. Leases
                                                                                                                                                   2018                    2017
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000




For personal use only
           Finance leases
           Leasing arrangements – receivables
           Finance lease receivables relate to the lease of a pipeline lateral.
           There are no contingent rental payments due.
           Finance lease receivables
           Not longer than 1 year                                                                                                                   1,167                   1,167
           Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years                                                                                         4,669                   4,669
           Longer than 5 years                                                                                                                    4,669                   5,837
           Minimum future lease payments receivable (a)                                                                                          10,505                   11,673

           Gross finance lease receivables                                                                                                       10,505                   11,673
           Less: unearned finance lease receivables                                                                                               (1,994)                (2,424)
           Present value of lease receivables                                                                                                      8,511                   9,249

           Included in the financial statements as part of:
           Current receivables (Note 8)                                                                                                              774                     738
           Non-current receivables (Note 8)                                                                                                        7,737                   8,511
                                                                                                                                                   8,511                   9,249

           a) Minimum future lease payments receivable include the aggregate of all lease payments receivable and any guaranteed residual.

           Leases are classified as finance leases when the terms of the lease transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental
           to ownership of the leased asset to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
           Consolidated Entity as lessor
           Amounts due from a lessee under a finance lease are recorded as receivables. Finance lease receivables are initially recognised at
           the amount equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments receivable plus the present value of any unguaranteed
           residual value expected to accrue at the end of the lease term. Finance lease receipts are allocated between interest revenue
           and reduction of the lease receivable over the term of the lease in order to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the net
           investment outstanding in respect of the lease.

            Capital Management

           11. Other financial instruments
                                                                                                                                                   2018                    2017
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Non-current
           Advance to related party                                                                                                            948,592                 893,867
           Investments carried at cost:
           Investment in related party (a)                                                                                                      107,379                 107,379
                                                                                                                                              1,055,971              1,001,246

           a) The investment in related party reflects GasNet Australia Investments Trust’s (“GAIT”) investment in 100% of the B Class units in GasNet A Trust. The B Class
              units give GAIT preferred rights to the income and capital of GasNet A Trust, but hold no voting rights. The A Class unitholder may however suspend for a period
              or terminate all of the B Class unitholder rights to income and capital. As such, GAIT neither controls nor has a significant influence over GasNet A Trust. GasNet
              Australia Trust, a related party wholly owned by APA Group, owns 100% of the A Class units in GasNet A Trust and, accordingly, GasNet A Trust is included in
              the consolidation of the APA Group. The investment has not been measured at fair value as the units of GasNet A Trust are not available for trade on an active
              market and as such, the fair value of the units cannot be reliably determined. The Consolidated Entity does not intend to dispose of its interest in GasNet A Trust.

           Financial assets are classified into the following specified categories: ‘available-for-sale’ financial assets and ‘loans
           and receivables’.
           The classification depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial recognition.
                                                                                                               APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 115




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Capital Management

                        11. Other financial instruments (continued)
                        Effective interest method
                        The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest




For personal use only
                        income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
                        through the expected life of the financial asset, or where appropriate, a shorter period.
                        Receivables and loans
                        Trade receivables, loans, and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
                        market are classified as ‘loans and receivables’. Trade and other receivables are stated at their amortised cost less impairment.
                        Impairment of financial assets
                        Financial assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of each reporting date. Financial assets are impaired
                        where, as a result of one or more events that occurred after initial recognition of the financial asset, there is objective evidence
                        that the estimated future cash flows of the investment have been adversely impacted.
                        12. Financial risk management
                        APA Group’s corporate Treasury department is responsible for the overall management of the Consolidated Entity’s capital
                        raising activities, liquidity, lender relationships and engagement, debt portfolio management, interest rate and foreign
                        exchange hedging, credit rating maintenance and third party indemnities (bank guarantees) within risk management
                        parameters reviewed by the Board. The Audit and Risk Management Committee (“ARMC”) approves written principles for
                        overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas such as liquidity and funding risk, foreign currency risk,
                        interest rate risk, credit risk, contract and legal risk and operational risk. The Consolidated Entity’s ARMC ensures there is an
                        appropriate Risk Management Policy for the management of treasury risk and compliance with the policy through monthly
                        reporting to the Board from the Treasury department.
                        The Consolidated Entity’s activities generate financial instruments comprising of cash, receivables, payables and interest
                        bearing liabilities which expose it to various risks as summarised below:
                        a) Market risk including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk;
                        b) Credit risk; and
                        c) Liquidity risk.
                        Treasury as a centralised function provides the Consolidated Entity with the benefits of efficient cash utilisation, control
                        of funding and its associated costs, efficient and effective management of aggregated financial risk and concentration
                        of financial expertise, at an acceptable cost, and minimises risks through the use of natural hedges and derivative
                        instruments. The Consolidated Entity does not engage in speculative trading. All derivatives have been transacted to hedge
                        underlying or existing exposures and have adhered to the Audit and Risk Management Committee approved Treasury Risk
                        Management Policy.
                        a) Market risk
                        The Consolidated Entity’s activities exposure is primarily to the financial risk of changes in interest rates. There has been no
                        change to the Consolidated Entity’s exposure to market risk or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk from
                        the previous year.
                        Interest rate sensitivity analysis
                        The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates on loans with related parties. A
                        100 basis points increase or decrease is used and represents management’s assessment of the greatest possible change in
                        interest rates within a given period of time. At reporting date, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower and all
                        other variables were constant, the Consolidated Entity’s net profit would increase by $6,023,000 or decrease by $5,968,000
                        (2017: increase by $6,431,000 or decrease by $6,372,000 respectively). This is mainly attributable to the Consolidated Entity’s
                        exposure to interest rates on its variable rate inter-entity balances. The sensitivity has decreased due to lower weighted
                        average inter-entity balances.
                        b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
                        Consolidated Entity. The Consolidated Entity has adopted the policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and
                        obtaining sufficient collateral or bank guarantees where appropriate as a means of mitigating any risk of loss. For financial
                        investments or market risk hedging, the Consolidated Entity’s policy is to only transact with counter parties that have a credit
                        rating of A- (Standard & Poors)/A3 (Moody’s) or higher unless specifically approved by the Board. Where a counterparty’s
                        rating falls below this threshold following a transaction, no other transactions can be executed with that counterparty until
                        the exposure is sufficiently reduced or their credit rating is upgraded above the Consolidated Entity’s minimum threshold.
                        The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to financial instrument and deposit credit risk is closely monitored against counterparty
                        credit limits imposed by the Treasury Risk Management Policy approved by the Board. These limits are regularly reviewed by
                        the Board.
                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any allowances, represents the
                        Consolidated Entity’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to those assets.
                        c) Liquidity risk
                        The Consolidated Entity’s exposure to liquidity risk is limited to other payables of $78,000 (2017: $13,000), all of which are
                        due in less than 1 year (2017: less than 1 year).
           116 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Capital Management

           13. Issued capital
           		                  2018  2017
           		                 $000  $000




For personal use only
           Units
                                                                                       1,030,176
           1,179,893,848 units, fully paid (2017: 1,114,307,369 units, fully paid) (a)		                                                       976,284

                                                                                                      2018		2017
                                                                                               No. of units  2018 No. of units                   2017
                                                                                                      000   $000         000                    $000

           Movements
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                               1,114,307     976,284         1,114,307      1,005,074
           Issue of units under entitlement offer                                                 65,586      124,234                –                 –
           Capital distributions paid (Note 7)                                                         –      (67,597)               –         (28,790)
           Issue cost of units                                                                         –       (2,745)               –                 –
           Balance at end of financial year                                                     1,179,893   1,030,176         1,114,307        976,284

           a) Fully paid units carry one vote per unit and carry the right to distributions.

           Changes to the then Corporations Law abolished the authorised capital and par value concept in relation to issued capital
           from 1 July 1998. Therefore, the Trust does not have a limited amount of authorised capital and issued securities do not have
           a par value.

            Group Structure

           14. Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by APTIT. Control exists where APTIT has power over an entity, i.e. existing rights that give
           APTIT the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity (those that significantly affect the returns); exposure, or
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity; and the ability to use its power to affect those returns.
                                                                                                                                  Ownership interest
                                                                                                               Country of
                                                                                                             registration/       2018             2017
           Name of entity                                                                                   incorporation          %                %

           Parent entity
           APT Investment Trust
           Subsidiary
           GasNet Australia Investments Trust                                                                   Australia         100              100


            Other

           15. Commitments and contingencies
           The Consolidated Entity had no material contingent assets, liabilities and commitments as at 30 June 2018 and 30 June 2017.
           16. Director and senior executive remuneration
           Remuneration of Directors
           The aggregate remuneration of Directors of the Consolidated Entity is set out below:
                                                                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                                                                                    $                $

           Short-term employment benefits                                                                                    1,625,875       1,682,077
           Post-employment benefits                                                                                            154,482         160,104
           Total remuneration: Non-Executive Directors                                                                       1,780,357        1,842,181

           Short-term employment benefits                                                                                    3,638,690       3,589,472
           Post-employment benefits                                                                                            25,000          35,000
           Cash settled security-based payments                                                                              1,479,646       1,485,242
           Total remuneration: Executive Director                (a)
                                                                                                                             5,143,336        5,109,714
           Total remuneration: Directors                                                                                     6,923,693       6,951,895
                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 117




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Other

                        16. Director and senior executive remuneration (continued)
                                                                                                                                                               2018                   2017
                                                                                                                                                                  $                      $




For personal use only
                        Remuneration of senior executives (a),(b)
                        The aggregate remuneration of senior executives of the Consolidated Entity is set out below:
                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                   7,748,591              7,509,920
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            95,049                135,000
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                             2,822,148              2,849,270
                        Total remuneration: senior executives                                                                                          10,665,788              10,494,190

                        a) The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Michael (Mick) McCormack, is included in both the remuneration disclosure for Directors
                           and senior executives.
                        b) The FY2017 total remuneration differs from the amount disclosed in the prior year due to the review of the composition of Executive KMP, refer to the remuneration
                           report for further details.

                        17. Remuneration of external auditor
                        Amounts received or due and receivable by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for:
                        Auditing the financial report		                                                                                                      6,000                   5,900
                        Compliance plan audit		                                                                                                              5,700                   5,600
                                                     15,990
                        Other assurance services (a)		      –
                         27,690
                        		      11,500

                        a) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other assurance services comprise assurance services in relation to security
                           related transactions (equity raising).

                        18. Related party transactions
                        a) Equity interest in related parties
                        Details of the percentage of ordinary securities held in subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 14.
                        b) Responsible Entity – Australian Pipeline Limited
                        The Responsible Entity is wholly owned by APT Pipelines Limited (2017: 100% owned by APT Pipelines Limited).
                        c) Transactions with related parties within the Consolidated Entity
                        During the financial year, the following transactions occurred between the Trust and its other related parties:
                        — loans advanced and payments received on long-term inter-entity loans; and
                        — payments of distributions.
                        All transactions between the entities that comprise the Consolidated Entity have been eliminated on consolidation.
                        Refer to Note 14 for details of the entities that comprise the Consolidated Entity.
                        d) Transactions with other related parties
                        APTIT and its controlled entities have a loan receivable balance with another entity in APA. This loan is repayable on agreement
                        between the parties. Interest is recognised by applying the effective interest method, agreed between the parties at the end
                        of each month and is determined by reference to market rates.
                        The following balances arising from transactions between APTIT and its other related parties are outstanding at reporting date:
                        — current receivables totalling $774,000 are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due under a finance lease
                          arrangement (2017: $738,000);
                        — non-current receivables totalling $7,737,000 are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due under a finance lease
                          arrangement (2017: $8,511,000); and
                        — non-current receivables totalling $948,592,000 (2017: $893,867,000) are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due
                          under inter-entity loans.
                        Australian Pipeline Limited
                        Management fees of $1,152,000 (2017: $943,000) were paid to the Responsible Entity as reimbursement of costs incurred on
                        behalf of APTIT. No amounts were paid directly by APTIT to the Directors of the Responsible Entity.
                        Australian Pipeline Trust
                        Management fees of $1,152,000 (2017: $943,000) were reimbursed by APT.
           118 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




            Other

           19. Parent entity information
           The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial information below, are the
           same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  2018             2017
                                                                                                                 $000             $000

           Financial position
           Assets
           Current assets                                                                                            774             738
           Non-current assets                                                                                 1,063,708        1,009,757
           Total assets                                                                                       1,064,482        1,010,495

           Liabilities
           Current liabilities                                                                                       78               13
           Total liabilities                                                                                         78               13
           Net assets                                                                                        1,064,404         1,010,482

           Equity
           Issued capital                                                                                     1,030,176          976,284
           Retained earnings                                                                                      34,228          34,198
           Reserves                                                                                                   –                –
           Total equity                                                                                      1,064,404         1,010,482

           Financial performance
           Profit for the year                                                                                    68,049          72,967
           Other comprehensive income                                                                                 –                –
           Total comprehensive income                                                                             68,049          72,967

           Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
           No guarantees have been entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries.
           Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
           No contingent liabilities have been identified in relation to the parent entity.
           20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
           Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported in the current period (and/or prior periods)
           There have not been any new or revised Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB that are relevant to the consolidated
           entity’s operations that would be effective for the current reporting period.
           Standards and Interpretations issued not yet adopted
           At the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Standards and Interpretations listed below were on issue but
           not yet effective.
           		                                                                            Effective for annual            Expected to be
           		                                                                              reporting periods     initially applied in the
           Standard/Interpretation                                                      beginning on or after     financial year ending

           — AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’, and the relevant amending standards                 1 January 2018            30 June 2019
           — AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’,		
             and AASB 2015-8 ‘Amendments to Australian Accounting 1 January 2018                                           30 June 2019
             Standards – Effective date of AASB 15’
           — AASB 16 ‘Leases’                                                                    1 January 2019            30 June 2020

           As per the table above a number of new standards and amendments to standards are effective for annual periods beginning
           after 1 January 2018 with earlier application permitted. The Consolidated Entity has not chosen to early adopt the new or
           amended standards in preparing these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 119




                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2018




                        Other

                        20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
                        The expected impacts of the new standards on the Consolidated Entity include:
                        AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’




For personal use only
                        AASB 9 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Consolidated
                        Entity will apply this new standard from 1 July 2018 (financial year ended 30 June 2019). AASB 9 addresses the classification,
                        measurement and de-recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities, introduces new rules for hedge accounting and a
                        new impairment model for financial assets.
                        The Consolidated Entity has completed an assessment of the potential impact of the adoption of AASB 9 on the consolidated
                        financial statements and does not expect the new standard to affect the classification and measurement of its financial
                        assets or financial liabilities. The new hedge accounting rules will align the accounting for hedging instruments more closely
                        with APA Group’s risk management practices. The new impairment model requires the recognition of impairment provisions
                        based on expected credit losses rather than only incurred credit losses as is the case under AASB 139. Based upon the
                        Consolidated Entity’s assessment, aside from the additional disclosure requirements, it is not expected that AASB 9 will have
                        any material impact to the Consolidated Entity’s accounts.
                        Due to the nature of instruments held, no changes are required to the current classification and measurement of financial
                        assets and liabilities. The Consolidated Entity currently has not entered into any hedge relationships, and as a result will not
                        be impacted by the hedge accounting changes in AASB 9. Recognition of impairment is not expected to change, with historic
                        collection rates demonstrating that the Consolidated Entity does not have an expected loss on collection of debtors or loans.
                        AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’
                        AASB 15 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Consolidated
                        Entity will apply this new standard from 1 July 2018 (financial year ended 30 June 2019).
                        The Consolidated Entity has completed an assessment of the potential impact of the adoption of AASB 15. As the revenue of
                        the Consolidated Entity is limited to interest earnt on inter-entity loans, distribution revenue and finance lease income, AASB
                        15 does not have any impact on the Consolidated Entity.
                        AASB 16 ‘Leases’
                        AASB 16 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. Early adoption is permitted for entities that apply
                        AASB 15 at or before the date of initial application of AASB 16. The consolidated entity will apply AASB 16 in the financial year
                        beginning 1 July 2019 (financial year ended 30 June 2020).
                        The Consolidated Entity has completed an assessment of the potential impact of the adoption of AASB 16. As the Consolidated
                        Entity is a lessor only, the new standard will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
                        21. Events occurring after reporting date
                        On 13 August 2018, APA announced that it had entered into a conditional Implementation Agreement with CK Infrastructure
                        Holdings Limited (CKI), CK Asset Holdings Limited (CKA), Power Assets Holdings Limited (PAH) and CKM Australia Bidco Pty
                        Ltd (Bidder) under which Bidder (a wholly owned subsidiary of CKA) will acquire all of the stapled securities in APA under trust
                        schemes (Schemes). If the Schemes are implemented, APA Securityholders will receive A$11.00 cash per stapled security. The
                        transaction does not affect APA’s final distribution for the 2018 financial year. If the Schemes are implemented at any time
                        after 31 December 2018, APA Securityholders will receive an additional distribution of 4.0 cents per APA stapled security for
                        each full month in calendar 2019 which elapses prior to implementation of the Schemes (up to, and including, March 2019).
                        Implementation of the Schemes is subject to certain conditions, including regulatory and shareholder approvals.
                        On 22 August 2018, the Directors declared a final distribution for the 2018 financial year of 6.04 cents per unit ($71.3 million).
                        The distribution represents a 2.90 cents per unit unfranked profit distribution and 3.14 cents per unit capital distribution. The
                        distribution will be paid on 12 September 2018.
                        Other than the events disclosed above, there have not been any events or transactions that have occurred subsequent to year
                        end that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
           120 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           directors’ declaration.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           For the financial year ended 30 June 2018
           The Directors declare that:
           a) in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that APT Investment Trust will be able to pay its debts as
              and when they become due and payable;




For personal use only
           b) in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations
              Act 2001, including compliance with Accounting Standards and giving a true and fair view of the financial position and
              performance of the Consolidated Entity;
           c) in the Directors’ opinion, the financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial
              Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and
           d) the Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by
              section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
           Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to section 295(5) of the
           Corporations Act 2001.
           On behalf of the Directors




           Michael Fraser                                        Debra Goodin
           Chairman                                              Director
           Sydney, 22 August 2018
                                                                                                                         APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 121




                        auditor’s independence declaration.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE LIMITED AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY FOR APT INVESTMENT TRUST




                                                                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                            ABN 74 490 121 060
                                       h




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                            225 George Street
                                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                            PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                            DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                            Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                            Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                            www.deloitte.com.au




                                       22 August 2018



                                       The Directors
                                       Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                                       APT Investment Trust
                                       Level 25, 580 George Street
                                       Sydney NSW 2000



                                       Dear Directors

                                       Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity
                                       for APT Investment Trust

                                       In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following
                                       declaration of independence to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                                       APT Investment Trust.

                                       As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of APT Investment Trust for the
                                       financial year ended 30 June 2018, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
                                       been no contraventions of:

                                                 (i) the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
                                                     audit; and
                                                 (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.


                                       Yours sincerely




                                       DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                                       A V Griffiths
                                       Partner
                                       Chartered Accountants
                                       Sydney, 22 August 2018




                                       Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                       Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

                                                                                                    163
           122 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           independent auditor’s report.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




                                                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                            ABN 74 490 121 060




For personal use only
                                                                                                            Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                            225 George Street
                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                            PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                            Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                            DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                            Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                            Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                            www.deloitte.com.au




                                       Independent Auditor’s Report
                                to the Unitholders of APT Investment Trust
                          Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                          Opinion

                          We have audited the accompanying financial report of APT Investment Trust (the “consolidated
                          entity”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018, the
                          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
                          statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
                          ended, and notes to the financial statements comprising a summary of significant accounting
                          policies and other explanatory information and the directors’ declaration.

                          In our opinion the accompanying financial report of the consolidated entity is in accordance with
                          the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                          (i)   giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2018
                                and of its performance for the year then ended; and

                          (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001; and

                          The financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed
                          in Note 2.

                          Basis for Opinion

                          We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities
                          under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
                          Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the consolidated entity in accordance
                          with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical
                          requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics
                          for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in
                          Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                          We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has
                          been given to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as
                          at the time of this auditor’s report.

                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
                          basis for our opinion.




                          Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                          Member of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited

                                                                                       164
                                                                                                             APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 123




                        independent auditor’s report.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




For personal use only
                                       Other Information

                                       The directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (“the directors”) as responsible entity for the
                                       consolidated entity are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                                       information included in the consolidated entity’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2018,
                                       but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                                       Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any
                                       form of assurance conclusion thereon.

                                       In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other
                                       information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
                                       the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
                                       misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
                                       misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
                                       report in this regard.

                                       Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                                       The directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair
                                       view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for
                                       such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
                                       financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due
                                       to fraud or error.

                                       In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the
                                       consolidated entity to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
                                       going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
                                       liquidate the consolidated entity or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
                                       so.

                                       Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                                       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                                       free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
                                       that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
                                       that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a
                                       material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                                       considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
                                       influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                                       As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                                       judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                              Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due
                                               to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
                                               obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                               The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
                                               one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                               misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                                              Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                               procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
                                               an opinion on the effectiveness of the consolidated entity’s internal control.

                                              Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
                                               accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                         165
           124 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           independent auditor’s report.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




For personal use only
                                 Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
                                  accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
                                  exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the consolidated
                                  entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
                                  exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in
                                  the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
                                  conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
                                  However, future events or conditions may cause the consolidated entity to cease to
                                  continue as a going concern.

                                 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including
                                  the disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions
                                  and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                          We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
                          of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
                          that we identify during our audit.




                          DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                          A V Griffiths
                          Partner
                          Chartered Accountants
                          Sydney, 22 August 2018




                                                                           166
                                                                                                              APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 125




                        additional information.

                        Additional information required by the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not provided elsewhere
                        in this report (the information is applicable as at 16 August 2018).
                        Twenty largest holders                                                                         No. of securities                %

                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                           251,232,285              21.29




For personal use only
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                         199,497,155              16.91
                        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                                               144,944,108              12.28
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                        96,896,463               8.21
                        National Nominees Limited                                                                            31,669,578               2.68
                        Custodial Services Limited                                                                           21,426,315               1.82
                        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                                             13,356,245                1.13
                        Argo Investments Limited                                                                             10,882,525               0.92
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                             7,016,040               0.59
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSCO ECA                                                     6,277,124              0.53
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                         6,076,864               0.52
                        BKI Investment Company Limited                                                                        4,394,714               0.37
                        Bainpro Nominees Pty Limited                                                                          4,384,931               0.37
                        Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                    4,040,000                 0.34
                        AMP Life Limited                                                                                      3,887,302               0.33
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                         3,032,000                0.26
                        Milton Corporation Limited                                                                            2,077,766               0.18
                        Ecapital Nominees Pty Limited                                                                          1,951,896              0.17
                        Navigator Australia Ltd                                                                                1,718,769              0.15
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                             1,357,648               0.12
                        Total for Top 20                                                                                    816,119,728              69.17

                        Distribution of holders
                        Ranges                                                      No. of holders             %       No. of securities                %

                        100,001 and Over                                                       154           0.20           852,716,546              72.27
                        10,001 to 100,000                                                    8,257          10.87           165,131,072              14.00
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                    10,458           13.77            74,101,397               6.28
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                      29,869          39.31             76,931,769              6.52
                        1 to 1,000                                                          27,237          35.85            11,013,064               0.93
                        Total                                                               75,975        100.00          1,179,893,848            100.00

                        1,821 holders hold less than a marketable parcel of securities (market value less than $500 or 51 securities based on a market
                        price on 16 August 2018 of $9.96).
                        Substantial holders
                        By notice dated 13 March 2018, BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Limited as custodian for UniSuper Limited advised that it had an
                        interest in 189,951,079 stapled securities, as at 9 March 2018.
                        By notice dated 21 June 2017, BlackRock Group advised that it had an interest in 55,818,084 stapled securities, as at 19 June 2017.
                        By notice dated 4 January 2017, The Vanguard Group Inc. advised that it had an interest in 56,186,718 stapled securities, as at
                        30 December 2017.
                        Voting rights
                        On a show hands, each holder has one vote.
                        On a poll, each holder has one vote for each dollar of the value of the total interests they have in the scheme.
                        On-market buy-back
                        There is no current on-market buy-back.
           126 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018




           five year summary.

           Financial Performance (Statutory)		2018                                                                 2017               2016               2015               2014

           Revenue                                                            $m            2,386.7             2,326.4           2,094.3             1,553.6            1,396.0
           Revenue excluding pass-through (1)                                 $m             1,941.4           1,888.3             1,656.0              1,119.2            992.5
           EBITDA                                                             $m             1,518.5            1,470.1            1,330.5             1,269.5              747.3




For personal use only
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                              $m             (578.9)            (570.0)             (520.9)            (208.2)             (156.2)
           EBIT                                                               $m              939.6               900.1              809.7            1,061.3               591.1
           Interest expense                                                   $m             (509.7)             (513.8)            (507.7)            (324.2)             (325.1)
           Tax (expense)/benefit                                              $m              (165.1)            (149.5)            (122.5)             (177.2)               77.7
           Profit after tax including significant items                       $m              264.8               236.8               179.5             559.9               343.7
           Significant items – after income tax                               $m                    –                  –                  –             356.0               144.1
           Profit after tax excluding significant items                       $m              264.8               236.8               179.5             203.9               199.6

           Financial Position
           Total assets                                                       $m           15,227.2           15,045.9           14,842.7            14,652.9             7,972.5
           Total drawn debt (2)                                               $m            8,810.4             9,249.7            9,037.3            8,642.8            4,789.4
           Total equity                                                       $m            4,126.8             3,978.2            4,029.1            4,382.7            2,496.5

           Operating Cash Flow
           Operating cash flow (3)                                            $m             1,031.6              973.9              862.4              562.2               431.5

           Key Financial Ratios
           Earnings per security (4)                                       cents                23.3                21.2               16.0                56.1 (5)          39.5 (5)
           Operating cash flow per security            (4)
                                                                           cents                90.7                87.1                77.1              56.3               49.6
           Distribution per security                                       cents                45.0               43.5                41.5              38.0                36.3
           Gearing (net debt to net debt plus equity)                           %               65.4                67.4               66.4               63.4               64.2
           Interest cover ratio                                            times                  2.7                2.8                2.6                2.6                 2.3
           Weighted average number of securities (4)                            m            1,136.9             1,118.5            1,118.5             999.4 (5)          870.2 (5)

           EBITDA by Segment (Excluding Significant Items)
           EBITDA (Continuing businesses)
           Energy Infrastructure
             East Coast:
               Queensland                                                     $m              962.2               925.4              855.8              340.1              234.5
               New South Wales                                                $m                147.1             149.5               121.7             120.8               115.6
              Victoria                                                        $m               124.6              123.0              120.6              130.2               127.6
             South Australia                                                  $m                  2.6                2.3                2.5                 1.9                2.4
             Northern Territory                                               $m                22.9               18.8                17.5               18.0               15.2
             Western Australia                                                $m               237.6              234.7               217.6              212.6             189.0
           Asset Management                                                   $m                66.2               58.7                53.9               49.5               67.6
           Energy Investments                                                 $m                 23.1              24.4                27.8               21.8               18.0
           Corporate costs                                                    $m               (67.9)             (66.7)             (86.7)              (73.6)             (72.5)
           Divested businesses (6)                                            $m                    –                  –                  –                1.0               50.1


           Notes:
           1) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned. Pass-through revenue arises in the asset management operations in respect of costs incurred and
              passed on to Australian Gas Networks Limited (AGN) and GDI in respect of the operation of the AGN and GDI assets respectively.
           2) APA’s liability to repay debt at relevant due dates of the drawn facilities. This amount represents current and non-current borrowings as per balance sheet and
              is adjusted for deferred borrowing costs, the effect of unwinding of discount, unrealised foreign exchange differences reported in equity and deducting other
              financial liabilities that are reported as part of borrowings in the balance sheet.
           3) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
           4) On the 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable
              renounceable entitlement offer, resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2018 of 1,179,893,848. The entitlement offer was offered at $7.70 per security, a
              discount to APA Group’s closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the last trading day before the record date of 26 February 2018. The
              numbers of securities used for calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security from FY2018 to FY2014 have been adjusted. An adjustment
              factor of 1.0038 has been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights price (TERP) of $8.23 per
              security.
           5) Between 23 December 2014 and 28 January 2015, APA Group issued a total of 278,556,562 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten
              accelerated renounceable entitlement offer, resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2015 of 1,114,307,369. The entitlement offer was offered at $6.60
              per security, a discount to APA’s closing market price of $7.67 per security on 9 December 2014, the last trading day before the record date of the entitlement offer
              of 15 December 2014. The weighted average number of securities for FY2015 and FY2014 used for calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per
              security have been adjusted. An adjustment factor of 1.036 has been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 9 December 2014, divided by the
              theoretical ex-rights value (TERP) of $7.40 per security.
           6) Australian Gas Networks Limited sold in August 2014.
                                                                                                                                            APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2018 — 127




                        investor information.

                        Calendar of events

                        Final distribution FY2018 record date                                                                                                               29 June 2018
                        Final distribution FY2018 payment date                                                                                                     12 September 2018
                        Annual meeting                                                                                                                                 25 October 2018




For personal use only
                        Interim results announcement                                                                                                                  20 February 2019 (1)
                        Interim distribution FY2019 record date                                                                                                     31 December 2018 (1)
                        Interim distribution FY2019 payment date                                                                                                          13 March 2019 (1)
                        1) Subject to change.



                        Annual Meeting Details                                                                  Securityholder Details
                        Date:   Thursday, 25 October 2018                                                       It is important that Securityholders notify the APA Group
                        Venue:        InterContinental Sydney Hotel,                                            registry immediately if there is a change to their address
                                                                                                                or banking arrangements. Securityholders with enquiries
                                      James Cook Ballroom,
                                                                                                                should also contact the APA Group registry.
                                      117 Macquarie Street,
                                      Sydney NSW                                                                Distribution Payments
                        Time:         10.30am                                                                   Distributions will be paid semi‑annually in March and
                                                                                                                September. Securityholders will receive annual tax
                        Registration commences at 10.00am.
                                                                                                                statements with the final distribution in September.
                        ASX Listing                                                                             Payment to Securityholders residing in Australia and New
                        An APA Group security comprises a unit in Australian Pipeline                           Zealand will be made only by direct credit into an Australian
                        Trust and a unit in APT Investment Trust. These units are                               or New Zealand bank account. Securityholders with enquires
                        stapled together to form a stapled security which is listed on                          should contact the APA Group registry.
                        the ASX (ASX Code: APA). Australian Pipeline Limited is the                             Online Information
                        Responsible Entity of those trusts.
                                                                                                                Further information on APA is available at apa.com.au,
                        APA Group Responsible Entity and Registered Office                                      including:
                        Australian Pipeline Limited                                                             — Results, market releases and news
                        ACN 091 344 704                                                                         — Asset and business information
                        Level 25, 580 George Street,                                                            — Corporate responsibility and sustainability reporting
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                — Securityholder information such as the current APA
                        PO Box R41,                                                                               security price, distribution and tax information.
                        Royal Exchange NSW 1225
                                                                                                                Electronic Communication
                        Telephone: +61 2 9693 0000
                        Facsimile: +61 2 9693 0093                                                              Securityholders can elect to receive communication
                        Website: apa.com.au                                                                     electronically by registering their email address with the
                                                                                                                APA Group registry. Electing to receive annual reports
                        APA Group Registry                                                                      electronically will reduce the adverse impact we have on the
                        Link Market Services Limited                                                            environment.
                        Level 12, 680 George Street,
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Locked Bag A14,
                        Sydney South NSW 1235
                        Telephone: +61 1800 992 312
                        Facsimile: +61 2 9287 0303
                        Email: apagroup@linkmarketservices.com.au
                        Website: linkmarketservices.com.au




                        Disclaimer:
                        APA Group comprises two registered investment schemes, Australian Pipeline Trust (ARSN 091 678 778) and APT Investment Trust (ARSN 115 585 441), the securities
                        of which are stapled together. Australian Pipeline Limited (ACN 091 344 704) is the responsible entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment Trust. Please
                        note that Australian Pipeline Limited is not licensed to provide financial product advice in relation to securities in APA Group. This publication does not constitute
                        financial product advice and has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Before relying on any statements
                        contained in this publication, including forecasts and projections, you should consider the appropriateness of the information, having regard to your own objectives,
                        financial situations and needs and seek professional advice if necessary.
                        This publication contains forward looking information, including about APA Group, its financial results and other matters which are subject to risk factors. APA
                        Group believes that there are reasonable grounds for these statements and whilst due care and attention have been used in preparing this publication, certain
                        forward looking statements are made in this publication which are not based on historical fact and necessarily involve assumptions as to future events and analysis,
                        which may or may not be correct. These forward looking statements should not be relied on as an indication or guarantee of future performance.
                        All references to dollars, cents or ‘$’ in this presentation are to Australian currency, unless otherwise stated.
                        EBIT, EBITDA and other “normalised” measures are non-IFRS measures that are presented to provide an understanding of the performance of APA Group. Such
                        non-IFRS information is unaudited, however the numbers have been extracted from the audited financial statements.
For personal use only
                   sustainability. matters.




                                                        apa group
                                              sustainability report.
                                                               2018.
                        APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           our sustainability approach.




                        contents                                                   APA Group is one of Australia’s largest companies and a




For personal use only
                                                                                   leading Australian energy infrastructure business, playing
                                                                                   a key role in defining and delivering the future of Australian
                        S01	Message from the                                      energy. Our infrastructure is built for long-term use and
                             Managing Director                                     is underpinned by long-term contracts with creditworthy
                                                                                   counterparties. Our business practices must be sustainable
                        S02 Customers
                                                                                   to reflect and support these long-term customer and
                        S04 Environment                                            capital commitments.
                        S08 Community
                        S11 Employees                                              Our vision is to connect Australia to its energy future and to
                                                                                   do this we must connect with and respect our stakeholders.
                        S16 Investors
                                                                                   We are committed to delivering connected and sustainable
                                                                                   energy solutions that are safe, reliable, innovative and
                                                                                   cost‑effective.

           the apa way.
                                                                                   Through a stakeholder lens, APA profiles the five
                                                                                   stakeholder groups that are essential to our sustainability
           how we do business                                                      as a business and to the energy industry as a whole.
                                                                                   To achieve sustainable outcomes, ‘how’ we go about
           the apa way is how we do business – it comprises                        managing our business is as important as the outcomes or
           how we behave, guided by our values & how we                            ‘what’ our business does. The actions and decisions that our
           make decisions guided by our decision compass.                          employees make each day impact each other,
                                                                                   our customers, securityholders, and the communities
                                                                                   and environment in which we operate.
           how we act
                                                                                   The APA Way guides how we behave – it is our blueprint for
           and behave                                                              how we want to do business. At its core, five values known
                                                                                   as our 'STARS' drive our behaviours. These are supported by
                                                  Safe                             the five principles of our Decision Compass, which guide the
                                                                                   way we make decisions.
                                                  Trustworthy                      APA recognises the importance of addressing all aspects
                                                                                   of sustainability. In FY2018, APA initiated an enterprise wide
                                                  Adaptable                        sustainability review and improvement program, identifying
                                                                                   strategic improvements for our Environmental, Social and
                                                  Results                          Governance (ESG) profile to ensure ongoing sustainability.
                                                                                   The program is being resourced with senior APA staff
                        our v lues                Service                          and external consultants who bring specialised subject
                             a
                                                                                   matter knowledge and an independent perspective to
                                                                                   this transformational program. Given the significance
                                                                                   and broad ranging nature of the program, it is anticipated
                                                                                   'it' will be undertaken over multiple years.

           how we                                                                  While the program is reviewing all aspects of ESG, key
                                                                                   elements of the program include:
           make decisions                                                          —— Assessing climate risk with Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                                       Financial Disclosures criteria;
                                                    Do things safely
                                                                                   —— Reviewing environmental management practices
                                                   	Take a long term                  to ensure APA is meeting or exceeding environment
                                                     focus                             regulatory compliance;
                                                   	Manage APA money              —— Reviewing key sustainability metrics and targets related
                                                     as if it's our own                to APA and our stakeholders.
              o  ur                ss                                              The FY2018 Sustainability Report details APA’s financial
                    de           a                 	Do what we say
                      cision comp                    we do
                                                                                   year performance against targeted sustainability actions
                                                                                   for the period. The Report also outlines material economic,
                                                   	Know our reputation           environmental and social sustainability risks, and how
                                                     matters                       APA mitigates those risks.




           APA’s Annual Report and Sustainability Report are printed on ecoStar    has been independently certified by the Forest Stewardship Council
           uncoated 100% recycled paper. ecoStar is an environmentally             (FSC). ecoStar is manufactured from 100% Post Consumer Recycled
           responsible paper made Carbon Neutral. The greenhouse gas emissions     paper in a Process Chlorine Free environment under the ISO 14001
           of the manufacturing process including transportation of the finished   environmental management system. By using ecoStar Offset rather
           product to Ball & Doggett Warehouses has been measured by the           than a non‑recycled paper, the environmental impact was reduced by:
           Edinburgh Centre for Carbon Neutral Company and the fibre source

                    1,892 kg          3,250 kWh            55,325 litres           2,797 km                      3,074 kg              280 kg
                    of landfill       of energy            of water                travel in the average         of wood               CO2 and
                                                                                   European car                                        greenhouse gases
                                                                                                     APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S01




                        message from the managing director.



                        FY2018 was a year when the message of ensuring all                It is important for the sustainability of any business to




For personal use only
                        Australians have access to affordable, sustainable and            understand the opportunities and risks associated with
                        reliable energy was heard loud and clear by the energy            climate change and how we incorporate those into our
                        industry and policy makers. Solving Australia’s energy            strategy. A plan is being developed which will see a number
                        trilemma requires a collaborative approach, and APA is            of ESG initiatives rolled out from FY2019 and beyond.
                        doing its part. Gas will play a critical role in Australia’s
                                                                                          Our commitment to developing long-term community
                        future energy mix, as will technological advancements
                                                                                          relationships runs parallel to safely operating our assets,
                        and energy policy certainty.
                                                                                          as we are mindful of the impact our operations have
                        APA’s flexible, long-term investment approach has                 on the surrounding communities and environment.
                        supported the development of the market we have today,            We believe that continuing to maintain and improve
                        connecting new gas sources with market participants and           strong connections with local communities helps foster
                        providing innovative solutions for our customers. In our          an internal appreciation of the regions where we operate.
                        18 year history APA has invested over $13 billion in energy       This Report shares with you some of those two-way
                        infrastructure, delivering energy to the people, businesses       connections developed during FY2018.
                        and communities that rely on it for essential services and to
                                                                                          During the financial year, APA completed numerous
                        fuel Australia’s growth.
                                                                                          employee initiatives including undertaking “Strategy into
                        In APA’s FY2018 Sustainability Report, we are pleased to          Action” leadership workshops and introducing diversity and
                        update you on our key sustainability initiatives as it relates    inclusion working groups to drive our inclusivity, flexibility,
                        to our stakeholders.                                              cross-generational and employer of choice strategic
                                                                                          objectives. Safety of our people, the environment and
                        We have continued to execute on our $1.4 billion plus             communities where we operate and our assets themselves,
                        pipeline of growth projects with the commissioning of the         remains paramount in our mindset and how we go about
                        Emu Downs Solar Farm, Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline,           our daily business.
                        the Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline and the Yamarna Gas
                        Pipeline. Our customers are central to APA’s success and we       During FY2018, investor interest was strong with the
                        will continue to work diligently to service their commercial      completion of the $500 million equity capital raise to
                        needs in Australia’s dynamic energy market.                       help fund the largest capital expenditure program in
                                                                                          APA’s history. We thank our investors for their support
                        APA was one of 15 energy businesses across the supply             of our business.
                        chain during the year that committed to develop a
                        consumer charter focused on delivering improved customer          On behalf of the whole APA team, I thank all our
                        outcomes. APA is a foundational member of the initiative          stakeholders for helping us deliver assets that support
                        and part of the Industry Working Group developing                 APA achieving our vision of connecting Australia to its
                        The Energy Charter.                                               energy future.
                        As Australia’s efforts to meet the Paris Agreement
                        commitments continue, APA strengthened its advocacy in
                        environmental stewardship. Gas is a viable, low-emissions
                        fuel supply that Australia has in abundance. Renewable
                        energy technology is fast evolving but its reliability to
                        respond to market needs is some way off. So when the sun
                        is not shining and the wind is not blowing, Australia needs       Mick McCormack
                        access to a fast start up, flexible, reliable and low emissions   Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
                        energy supply which gas already provides.
                        In FY2018, we registered as a supporter of the Task Force
                        on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. We also bolstered
                        our renewable generation portfolio with the commissioning
                        of the Emu Downs Solar Farm. We continued construction
                        of APA’s Darling Downs Solar Farm and the Badgingarra
                        Wind Farm, and announced an adjacent new solar project.
                        To reinforce our commitment to improving APA’s
                        Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance,
                        we have initiated a new program and engaged an external
                        advisory firm to comprehensively review APA’s strategic
                        direction for our ESG management and reporting.
           S02 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           customers.
           We will deliver value to our customers                           —— Working together with customers to provide optimal
                                                                                energy market solutions.
           and create responsive solutions to meet
                                                                            —— Providing market-leading flexible solutions to meet our
           their needs by:                                                      customers’ changing requirements.
                                                                            —— Ensuring the highest level of service reliability to enable
                                                                                customers to manage their operations.




For personal use only
                                                                            —— Strengthening our business relationships by seeking
                                                                                regular feedback to improve our services and
                                                                                customer experience.



           FY2018 Performance                                               Actions for FY2019
           Growth                                                           Growth
           —— Completion of the Emu Downs Solar Farm, Reedy Creek          —— Progress construction and development of various
               Wallumbilla Gas Pipeline, Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline and            energy infrastructure projects to meet agreed
               Yamarna Gas Pipeline.                                            commissioning schedules including the Darling Downs
           —— Progressed construction of the Darling Downs Solar               Solar Farm, Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms,
               Farm, Badgingarra Wind Farm, Yamarna Power                       Yamarna Power Station and the Orbost Gas Processing
               Station, as well as the refurbishment of the Orbost Gas          Plant.
               Processing Plant.                                            —— Continue to identify and capture opportunities that
           —— Announced the extension of the Purchase Power                    deliver flexible, responsive and sustainable solutions for
               Agreement with Alinta Energy from 12 years to 17 years           our customers.
               for the 130 MW Badgingarra Wind Farm, along with the         —— Continue to work with customers to realise planned
               additional greenfield construction of the adjacent 17.5          projects into committed projects to deliver projects
               MW Badgingarra Solar Farm.                                       in transmission, storage, power generation and gas
           —— Customers entered into new flexible multi-asset                  processing sectors.
               contracts including a three-year contract with a major       Customer Solutions
               existing customer on the East Coast, expansion of            —— Continue to offer flexible transportation and storage
               existing multi-asset contracts in Western Australia and          services and innovative solutions to meet our customers’
               a one-year contract with Incitec Pivot to deliver gas            diverse requirements across Australia.
               3,300km from the Northern Territory to Brisbane.             —— Continue to refine APA’s Integrated Operations Centre,
           —— Continued to connect new gas sources with market                 grid operations and customer management system to
               participants, including agreements entered into with AGL         provide enhanced services and deliver reliable supply.
               Energy to construct the Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline         —— Continue to implement Gas Market Reform Group
               (subject to project FID by AGL).                                 rules – financial reporting, capacity trading and auction.
           —— Continued distribution network growth with around            —— Continue proactive engagement with customers and
               35,000 additional customer connections across Victoria,          the development of feedback-led business improvement
               South Australia, Queensland and New South Wales on               initiatives to improve services and customer experience.
               networks owned and/or operated by APA.
           Customer Solutions
           —— Progressed implementation of Gas Market Reform
               Group (GMRG) rules, meeting information disclosure
               requirements on 31 January 2018 for east and central
               regions and on 19 June 2018 for Western Australia.
           —— Launched ‘services refresh’ and a new standard Gas
               Transportation Agreement framework across APA’s
               transmission assets to better accommodate the
               market’s needs for simplicity and flexibility of services.
           —— Introduced customer feedback surveys seeking feedback
               to improve services and customer experience.
           —— Foundational member of The Energy Charter initiative,
               which encompasses the whole energy supply chain to
               improve customer outcomes.
                                                                                                       APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S03




                        Key Sustainability Risks                                          Risk Management
                        —— Demand for gas – the volume of gas that is transported        —— Long-term contractual agreements with strong
                            by APA is dependent on end user demand, which is                 counterparties underpin assets.
                            influenced by the strength of the industry sectors that       —— Ability to provide flexible and innovative customer
                            require gas to operate. The relative price of gas and its        solutions.
                            competitive position with other energy sources (such as
                                                                                          —— Complementary investments in gas storage and power




For personal use only
                            electricity, coals, fuel oil, renewable sources) may change
                                                                                             generation and continued evaluation of emerging
                            demand levels for services on APA’s assets.
                                                                                             growth opportunities such as wind and solar farms and
                                                                                             gas processing plants.
                                                                                          —— Ongoing monitoring and market intelligence of domestic
                                                                                             and global gas markets.

                        —— Supply of gas – availability of competitively priced gas is   —— Long-term agreements with strong counterparties
                            essential for ongoing use of gas infrastructure assets.          underpinning APA’s assets.
                                                                                          —— Connect more gas resources with additional gas
                                                                                             markets such as:
                                                                                          	 –	East Coast Grid provides flexibility for customers to
                                                                                                 manage their gas portfolios.
                                                                                          	 –	Working with new/emerging gas producers to bring
                                                                                                 new gas supply to market.
                                                                                          	 –	APA’s Western Australian assets have become
                                                                                                 increasingly interconnected to deliver energy across
                                                                                                 longer distances to reach remote mining locations.
                                                                                          —— Provide infrastructure connectivity/flexibility to existing
                                                                                             and emerging gas markets.
                                                                                          —— Flexible and innovative customer solutions.


                        —— Operations – APA and our customers are exposed to a           —— APA operates assets in accordance with all relevant
                            number of operational risks such as equipment failures           regulations and standards, including robust
                            or breakdowns, pipeline rupture, technology failures             maintenance and asset monitoring regimes.
                            including sabotage or terrorism attack including              —— Management of urban encroachment and excavation
                            cyber attack.                                                    activities close to APA infrastructure.
                                                                                          —— An integrated approach to Emergency Response,
                                                                                             Business Continuity and Crisis Management is applied
                                                                                             across the business.
                                                                                          —— Participation in anti-terrorist exercises and testing
                                                                                             to provide effective emergency response systems to
                                                                                             manage a potential cyber attack.

                        —— Poor service delivery to customers impacting customer         —— Given the change in market dynamics, customers are
                            confidence.                                                      seeking increased flexibility in their energy delivery.
                                                                                             APA continually reviews its product and service suite
                                                                                             and provides innovative and optimal solutions to
                                                                                             our customers.
                                                                                          —— APA has introduced customer surveys to seek feedback
                                                                                             on areas to improve services and customer experience.

                        New supplier prequalification program                             The new supplier prequalification process will provide
                        ~ safeguarding against supply chain risk                          greater certainty and confidence to our customers and
                                                                                          other stakeholders about the suppliers APA works with.
                        APA relies on a multitude of suppliers’ goods and services to
                        help deliver connected, sustainable energy solutions to our
                        customers. In FY2018, APA’s procurement team introduced
                        a supplier prequalification assessment and compliance
                        program to manage elements of potential supply chain
                        risk. The new process will measure and monitor each
                        key supplier against critical prerequisites to protect APA
                        from risks such as Health Safety and Environment (HSE)
                        management policies, procedures and breaches, associated
                        legal actions, insolvency events, child labour policies and
                        prevention, equal opportunity, diversity and fair pay. An up-
                        to-date database of key suppliers’ policies and procedures
                        will be maintained in a central repository. This will enable
                        APA to assess financial, legal and insurance, HSE, quality
                        management and supply chain risks. It will also confirm
                        that the suppliers’ operations are consistent with APA’s core     Melissa Ogden from APA’s Infrastructure Procurement team running training
                                                                                          for APA’s new Supplier Pre-qualification (ASP) Program
                        values - safe, trustworthy, adaptable, results and service.
           S04 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           environment.
           We will continue to deliver
           an environmentally responsible
           safe and essential service by:
           —— Taking a systematic and risk-based approach to                  —— Contributing to policy and responding to climate change
               environmental management.                                           initiatives to promote the use of gas as essential to a low




For personal use only
           —— Maintaining compliance with environmental obligations               emissions energy mix.
               in all jurisdictions we conduct our business.                   —— Evaluating further renewable energy and low emission
           —— Meeting or exceeding the Australian Pipelines and Gas               gas generation opportunities.
               Association ("APGA") Code of Environmental Practice.            —— Expanding the understanding of Environmental,
           —— Considering environmental risks in all investment and               Social and Governance (ESG) and climate risks across
               procurement decision-making.                                        our business.




           FY2018 Performance                                                  Actions for FY2019
           —— APA did not receive any penalty notices relating to            —— Continue to expand our renewable energy portfolio with
              environmental compliance in any Australian jurisdictions             the scheduled commissioning of the Darling Downs
              in FY2018.                                                           Solar Farm and the Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms.
           —— Commenced an Environmental Management Plan (EMP)                —— Contribute to industry and government policy
               Improvement Program across the business.                            discussions on environmental regulation and climate
           —— Registered as a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-             policy.
               related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to demonstrate             —— Continue to develop relationships with APA’s industry
               APA’s support for voluntary and consistent climate-                 member bodies, the Clean Energy Council and Business
               related financial risk disclosures and initiated a project to       Council of Australia, to promote effective climate
               improve disclosures for FY2019.                                     change policy.
           —— Continued to expand APA’s renewable generation                  —— Explore and analyse risks and opportunities associated
               capacity with the completion of the Emu Downs Wind                  with ESG and climate risk across our business in
               Farm, ongoing construction of the Darling Downs Solar               accordance with the TCFD guidelines.
               Farm, Badgingarra Wind Farm, and the announcement
               of the new greenfield Badgingarra Solar Farm.
           —— Contributed to the ongoing update of the Australian
               Standard AS 2885 “Pipelines – Gas and Liquid
               Petroleum” suite of documents.
           —— Contributed to the Australian Pipelines and Gas
               Associations (APGA) working group that revised the
               ‘APGA Code of Environmental Practice (2017)’.
           —— Contributed to climate policy discussions and
               recommendations contained in the Finkel Report,
               and in relation to the proposed National Energy
               Guarantee promoting the role of renewables and gas
               as important contributors to achieving meaningful
               emission reduction targets.
           —— Continued to develop relationships with APA’s industry
               member bodies, the Clean Energy Council and Business
               Council of Australia, to promote effective climate
               change policy.
           —— FY2018 APA Annual Report and Sustainability
               Report was printed on 100% recycled paper made
               Carbon Neutral.


           Key Sustainability Risks                                            Risk Management
           —— Environmental Harm – If not managed appropriately,              —— APA has an HSE Management System called
               APA’s activity in the operation and construction of                 “Safeguard” that provides a framework to manage
               our assets, has the potential to cause harm to the                  our Health, Safety and Environment risks.
               environment, through air emissions, release of chemicals        —— Operational procedures underpin this framework and
               or hydrocarbons, inappropriate waste storage and                    include important steps to manage environmental risks
               disposal, the disturbance of heritage sites or protected            such as waste storage and disposal, the handling and
               flora and fauna.                                                    storage of chemicals and prevention of the spread of
                                                                                   declared weeds.
                                                                               —— APA has in place management plans that identify
                                                                                   local environmental risks and outline control
                                                                                   measures that are applied and integrated into
                                                                                   our operational procedures.
                                                                                                      APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S05




                        Environmental management at APA                                   Across our asset footprint and across various emissions
                        Our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Policy approved          types, APA’s pipeline assets have a low impact on
                        by APA’s Board HSE Committee sets outs APA’s goal to              communities. A very small proportion of our facilities trigger
                        achieve zero harm for all employees, contractors and              any local, state or territory emissions licencing thresholds.
                        third party stakeholders operating our assets or working          However, APA is committed to respecting the communities
                        near them. It also applies to community members living            where we operate. We maintain lines of contact with the
                        near our assets and importantly, avoiding and minimising          community via our Integrated Operations Centre, which is




For personal use only
                        environmental harm. Every employee, contractor and sub-           available 24/7 to receive notification from the community
                        contractor has an obligation to prevent or minimise any           of any issues that may arise.
                        environmental harm arising from APA’s operations                  APA complies with the Commonwealth National
                        and activities.                                                   Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Act 2007, and reports its
                        Environmental Social Governance (ESG) Performance                 annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions (refer to section 11.4 of the
                        During FY2018, APA engaged an external advisory firm              FY2018 Directors’ Report).
                        to commence an independent analysis of APA’s strategic            Native Vegetation Management
                        direction regarding Environmental, Social, Governance             APA takes a risk-based approach to environmental
                        (ESG) practices and reporting. This work is intended to           management. Identification, assessment and management
                        provide senior management with recommendations for                of risks associated with native vegetation is undertaken
                        improvements and inform a transformation program                  through our environmental risk assessment process and
                        scheduled to commence in FY2019. This will include                actioned through environmental management plans.
                        reviewing all key aspects of ESG such as environmental
                        practices, climate risk management and broader                    Soil and Water Management
                        sustainability practices and metrics.                             APA continues to manage our activities and our contractors’
                                                                                          operations on land and watercourses in a way that strives
                        Emissions management
                                                                                          to avoid or minimise risk. Some examples include: frequent
                        APA’s extensive energy infrastructure asset base embeds           patrols of our transmission pipeline easements to identify
                        our operations across Australia’s rural and metropolitan          erosion issues early; we factor watercourses into our risk
                        communities. As part of this, our obligation to safely            assessment; and avoid interaction with watercourses
                        operate and maintain our infrastructure includes managing         whenever practicable.
                        potential emissions from our activities. Hence managing
                        emissions such as noise, light, vibration or odour is part of
                        our commitment to the community and environment.
                        Consideration of emissions risks is factored into our
                        environmental risk assessments. APA stores environmental
                        information in our Environmental Management Plans, and
                        emissions are a key environment area in our corporate
                        environment framework.




                        Reducing emissions
                        ~ Moomba and Wallumbilla Compressor Stations

                        APA’s compressor stations at Moomba and Wallumbilla
                        (station 3) are integral components in the delivery of gas
                        through both our South West Queensland Pipeline (SWQP)
                        and Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline (WGP).
                        In FY2018, members from both our Integrated Operation
                        Centre and SWQP Reliability Improvement Project teams
                        modified each compressors’ operating conditions to assist
                        with their efficiency.
                        This was achieved by reducing the minimum on-load speed
                        of the engine gas-producers within the compressor units by
                        around 5%.
                        This modification will help towards reducing the hours a
                        unit is required online. This is the first (and essential) step
                        towards online optimisation of machine usage. It helps APA
                        better align machine utilisation with the continual changes
                        from our customer’s gas orders. A win-win all around.
                        Achieving these kinds of sustainability benefits for the
                        business, both financial and environmental, as well as the
                        potential for scalability of initiatives and resulting benefits
                        to other parts of our transmission operations is one of the
                        key reasons why APA is one of Australia’s leading energy
                        infrastructure businesses.
                                                                                          Moomba Compressor Station, South Australia
           S06 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




                                                                               Managing Climate Change Issues
           Respecting indigenous cultures and the environment
                                                                               Carbon Disclosure Project
           The location of APA’s latest greenfield gas pipeline                APA participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project during
           construction project, the Yamarna Gas Pipeline (YGP)                the reporting period, a voluntary disclosure to investors on
           in remote Western Australia, travels through native title           carbon emissions, liability, reduction activities, strategies
           claimant areas and sites of cultural significance. The 198km        and management. APA’s overall score of “C”, which is in line
                                                                               with the sector peers and ASX200 average.




For personal use only
           pipeline is an extension of APA’s Eastern Goldfields Pipeline,
           connecting the Gruyere Gold Project to a reliable gas supply        APA’s ESG Improvement Program will recommend
           for its mining operations.                                          initiatives that will positively impact APA’s overall score in
           From the onset, APA committed to developing the project in          future years.
           collaboration with the local community.                             Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
           The team engaged with representatives from the                      APA expressed support for voluntary and consistent
           Nangaanya language group in Laverton, members of the                climate-related financial disclosures in FY2018 by
           Council of Tribal Elders and the Yilka claimant group. This         registering as a supporter of the Task Force on Climate-
           ensured all stakeholders were informed and comfortable              related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). APA is currently
           with APA’s plans, as well as guaranteeing that APA had met          undertaking an extensive review of its Environmental,
           its environmental compliance obligations.                           Social and Governance reporting with the assistance of an
                                                                               independent advisory firm, to determine climate-related
           APA’s extensive assessment of the landscape also provided           opportunities and risks for the business. This includes a
           support to multiple ethnographic and archaeological                 detailed assessment of APA’s climate risk disclosure against
           surveys, and contributed substantial data to the regional           the four TCFD categories of governance, strategy, risk
           knowledgebase.                                                      management and metrics and developing an associated
           From these surveys, six unregistered culturally significant         plan to improve this disclosure in FY2019.
           sites were identified and three previously known sites were         Clean energy policy
           accurately positioned. This information was provided to the         APA continues to support reducing carbon emissions as a
           Department of Land, Planning and Heritage to assist with            risk mitigation response to minimise the effects of climate
           future management.                                                  change. APA supports technology agnostic domestic
                                                                               solutions that integrate energy and climate policies to meet
                                                                               Australia’s carbon reduction commitments, while ensuring
                                                                               affordability and reliability. APA continues to encourage the
                                                                               development of bipartisan national energy policy. Certainty,
                                                                               clarity and a commitment to a national energy policy are
                                                                               crucial to maintaining investment confidence. APA’s mix
                                                                               of assets will play an important role in meeting these
                                                                               goals through the combination of intermittent renewable
                                                                               generation with reliable, low emissions gas-fuelled
                                                                               generation in Australia’s future energy mix.
                                                                               Investing in renewable energy
                                                                               In 2018, APA commissioned the 20 MW Emu Downs Solar
                                                                               Farm, which will add to the production and reliability of
                                                                               the Emu Downs Wind Farm. APA also announced the
                                                                               Badgingarra Solar Farm project which is a 17.5 MW tracking
                                                                               array that will be co-located with the 130 MW Badgingarra
                                                                               Wind Farm. It is the same concept that APA deployed at
                                                                               the adjacent Emu Downs Wind and Solar Farm. In this
                                                                               particular location, wind and solar have complementary
                                                                               generation profiles due to the predictable nature of the
                                                                               underlying wind and solar resources. APA’s combined solar
                                                                               and wind farm site maximises the collection and generation
                                                                               of renewable energy, efficiently transmitting that energy
                                                                               through the same transmission connection infrastructure.
                                                                               Taking advantage of this complementary resource and
                                                                               maximising use of shared infrastructure has enabled APA
                                                                               to successfully develop this project.

           Bunting boundary protecting Yamarna cultural heritage site during   During FY2019, APA expects to commission the 110 MW
           construction of the Yamarna Gas Pipeline, Western Australia         Darling Downs Solar Farm, the 130 MW Badgingarra
                                                                               Wind Farm and the 17.5 MW Badgingarra Solar Farm.
                                                                               APA continues to evaluate further renewable energy
                                                                               opportunities together with stand-alone and integrated
                                                                               low emission gas generation. This combination of
                                                                               intermittent renewable generation with reliable, low
                                                                               emissions gas-fuelled generation is well positioned to help
                                                                               deliver energy to people, businesses and communities that
                                                                               use it, affordably, efficiently and reliably.
                                                                                         APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S07




For personal use only



                        Construction of APA’s Badgingarra Wind Farm, Western Australia
           S08 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           community.
           We will positively engage with the                               —— Building long-term strategic community relationships to
                                                                                maintain support and goodwill for APA’s activities.
           communities where we operate by:
                                                                            —— Increasing employee connections with local communities
                                                                                through sponsorships, employee awareness initiatives
                                                                                and giving programs that target vulnerable communities.
                                                                            —— Exploring opportunities to involve employees in the




For personal use only
                                                                                community programs we support, and reciprocating by
                                                                                inviting socially disadvantaged children and young adults
                                                                                to APA workplaces to learn about our business and
                                                                                encourage education.




           FY2018 Performance                                               Actions for FY2019
           —— APA donated to four initiatives as part of its Building      —— Maintain support of our community investment
               Brighter Futures program: Clontarf Foundation, Bill              program, Building Brighter Futures, through headline
               Crews Charitable Trust Literacy Program, The Fred                partnerships and promote and support fundraising
               Hollows Foundation and Australian Schools Plus.                  events across the business.
           —— APA undertook key sponsorships of the Taronga Zoo            —— Financially support and maintain employee engagement
               Foundation and the Australian Brandenburg Orchestra.             with our three key D&I charitable initiatives: Dress for
               As part of the Australian Brandenburg Orchestra                  Success, Orange Sky Laundry and White Ribbon Australia.
               sponsorship, APA sponsored concerts in two locations         —— Continue to financially support community events
               where it has substantial operations with a concert in            by encouraging and empowering APA worksites
               Brisbane and a free community concert in Toowoomba.              across Australia to organise fundraising events.
           —— Selected APA employees engaged directly with our             —— Progress the community and stakeholder consultation
               Building Brighter Futures partners by travelling to their        program of activities for the various new infrastructures
               communities to work with them. This included the five-           projects across the business.
               day Clontarf Kununurra Experience; the week-long Fred
               Hollows Foundation See Australia field trip to Bourke;
               and multiple day-long exchanges with Clontarf
               Foundation academies at the schools where they
               operate and at APA sites.
           —— Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) is an important aspect
               of working life at APA, and APA supported three
               D&I‑focused charities: Dress for Success, Orange Sky
               Laundry and White Ribbon Australia.
           —— As part of an APA program where employees were
               sponsored by APA to donate time to a charity, several
               APA employees volunteered at registered charitable
               organisations of their choice.
           —— APA offices held individually organised events to raise
               money for causes such as Australia’s Biggest Morning
               Tea, Pink Ribbon Day (both Cancer Council), Black Dog
               Institute and Movember.
           —— APA continued with ongoing annual contact and
               engagement programs with landowners and occupiers
               along existing transmission pipelines to facilitate safety
               awareness and provide a forum for concerns and issues
               to be raised and addressed.
           —— 29 APA employees participated in the Sydney Street
               Choir Corporate Challenge in Martin Place which
               raised $5,000 to help men and women dealing with
               homelessness, mental illness, addiction and/or social
               disadvantage.
           —— Commenced a community and stakeholder consultation
               program for the proposed Crib Point Pakenham
               Pipeline project.
           —— Continued ongoing community and stakeholder
               consultation for the proposed Western Slopes
               Pipeline project.



                                                                            Raj Kallath – Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline Project Manager,
                                                                            Wallumbilla, Queensland
                                                                                                   APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S09




                        Key Sustainability Risks                                      Risk Management
                        —— Community Relations – Maintaining community support       —— APA engagement with community interests including
                            and goodwill for APA’s activities.                           through local sponsorships.
                        —— Encroachment – urban encroachment around existing         —— Community education and communication for
                            pipeline easements can increase the potential for            construction activities including “Dial Before you Dig”
                            damage with pipeline location changes.                       (DBYD) service.




For personal use only
                        —— Supplier practices – working with our suppliers           —— Landowner liaison and education.
                            to manage environment, safety and social                  —— Participation in Australian Pipelines and Gas Association
                            responsibility issues.                                       Corridor Committee/pipeline operator groups.
                                                                                      —— Liaison with council and planning authorities to manage
                                                                                         potential encroachment issues.
                                                                                      —— Prequalification and ongoing monitoring of suppliers
                                                                                         to ensure compliance with APA standards.



                        Community Investment Program
                                                                                      APA and the Clontarf Foundation supporting
                        Building Brighter Futures is APA’s community investment
                                                                                      Indigenous communities
                        program. Designed to provide support to socially
                        disadvantaged communities including Indigenous and Torres
                        Strait Islander communities, the program targets locations    APA has been supporting the Clontarf Foundation for eight
                        where APA operates. In addition to financial support, APA’s   years, as part of its commitment to promote community
                        relationships with Building Brighter Futures beneficiaries    development. With many of APA’s facilities situated at
                        is an intrinsic partnership including knowledge sharing,      or near Indigenous Australian communities, the Clontarf
                        employee engagement and exchange activities.                  Foundation’s goal to improve the health and educational
                                                                                      standards for young Indigenous Australians is an important
                        In financial year 2018, APA’s Building Brighter Futures       one. APA’s partnership with the Clontarf Foundation
                        headline partnerships included: The Clontarf Foundation;      provides financial support, sharing of skills via mentoring,
                        The Fred Hollows Foundation; Bill Crews Charitable Trust      traineeships and work experience to help deliver the
                        Literacy Program; and Australian Schools Plus.                Clontarf program to over 6,000 boys nationally each year.
                        Furthermore, APA donated to three charitable
                        organisations that supported our Diversity and Inclusion
                        focus on age, gender and culture:
                        —— Orange Sky Laundry.
                        —— Dress for Success.
                        —— White Ribbon Australia.
                        Sponsorship and Donations
                        APA continued to provide monetary and in-kind support to
                        a number of groups or causes that achieve one or more of
                        the following:
                        —— Improve the lives of the individuals and communities we
                            are supporting.
                        —— Strengthen APA’s reputation in the local community.
                        —— Enhance APA’s relationships with key community
                            stakeholders.                                             APA Corporate Development team member Gordon Sue with Clontarf
                                                                                      youngsters and other partner representatives during their engagement
                        —— Increase community awareness and understanding            experience, in the Top End, Northern Territory
                            of APA.
                        —— Provide positive networking opportunities with
                            community stakeholders.
                        Of these, the two major sponsorships in FY2018 were for
                        Taronga Zoo Foundation and the Australian Brandenburg
                        Orchestra. As part of our support for the Australian
                        Brandenburg Orchestra, we sponsored a concert in
                        Brisbane and a free community concert in Toowoomba;
                        two locations where we have substantial operations.
           S10 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline stakeholder engagement         We were kept up to date regarding key project
           ~ testimonial from Colin Maunder – owner of Maunder             developments in the lead up to construction so nothing
           Pastoral Company                                                occurred that surprised us as landholders.
                                                                           Compensation for the easement granted by APA seemed
           “Right from the start of the Reedy Creek Pipeline proposal      adequate and fair, and we felt our overall relationship with
           we have found APA a good company to work with.                  them was valued.




For personal use only
           Consultation with people involved was always done in a
           positive and non-threatening manner. Ian Crombie, our           We were adequately informed regarding key milestones in
           Liaison Officer, was polite and co-operative, as a go to        the lead up to construction, and were satisfied that suitable
           person and Matthew Morrow explained the construction            arrangements were in place to manage the impacts that
           processes clearly. We would have to agree that we were well     may inevitably occur.
           informed about the project development and progress.            Given the fact that we were compensated for
                                                                           inconveniences, it must be said that when the pipeline was
           We found the communication networks easy to work
                                                                           completed we were happy that impacts of construction
           with. Employees explained the process clearly and they
                                                                           had been suitably managed and best practice observed.
           were prepared to listen to us in a respectful manner.
                                                                           We were able to continue our grazing operation without
           APA kept us well informed regarding all aspects of the
                                                                           any major inconveniences due to construction works.
           projects development.
                                                                           The rehabilitation progress is satisfactory at this point
           The easement negotiation process was straightforward and
                                                                           in time.
           we found APA to be reasonable. If any concerns arose, there
           was always someone whom we could contact easily.                APA also were involved with fundraising activities within
           If our Officer was going to be away/on leave he advised us,     the community, which was to be admired, as sometimes,
           by phone or email, what to do if we had any concerns.           it is difficult for these companies to be seen by the general
                                                                           public as doing anything good for the communities. There
           Regular feedback about developments occurring regarding         is always a lot of negativity presented by the likes of the
           the routing of the pipeline was offered. We did suggest the     media, and vocal groups.
           re-routing of the pipeline because of rough terrain and this
           was taken on board. APA observed suggestions and concerns       Overall commitments made by APA were observed and
           about existing infrastructure, such as access lanes to cattle   the journey so far has been amicable throughout, leading
           yards, and these problems were worked around effectively.       us to believe APA have done their best to form positive
                                                                           relationships with landholders.”


           Community and Stakeholder Engagement                            Business Continuity/Emergency Response/
           APA values and respects its relationships with the              Crisis Management
           stakeholders and communities where we operate.                  APA’s approach to emergency recovery is integral to our
           We are committed to building and maintaining long-term          operations and values. It seeks to protect our assets,
           relationships with our stakeholders, as well as meeting         property, people and IT systems, and to consider the
           all applicable regulatory and legislative requirements.         environment and local communities we impact. Our
                                                                           integrated approach to Business Continuity/Emergency
           APA’s approach to stakeholder engagement is guided by           Response/Crisis Management provides for effective
           the following principals:                                       recovery whilst continuing to service our customers and
           —— No surprises: inform and engage community members           meet regulatory requirements by assessing:
               and key stakeholders early in the project’s consultation    —— Emergency response for energy infrastructure
               process, and ensure that they remain fully informed.            assets incidents.
           —— Be inclusive: ensure the community has easy access          —— Business continuity response for premises, people,
               to clear and concise information about projects, while          IT systems and cyber type incidents.
               ensuring it is communicated in language (for example,
               non-technical) appropriate for each audience.               —— Crisis management response, involving APA’s Executive
                                                                               team which focusses on high severity incidents.
           —— Be honest and act with integrity: always use facts and
               speak the truth. If the answer is not known then the        APA maintains programs of testing to ensure our approach
               question will be taken on notice, the appropriate parties   remains current and reflects changes in our business, our
               spoken with and a response provided promptly.               customers and the communities we are part of.
           —— Be responsive: respond to all stakeholder contact in a      APA regularly participates in internal and external testing
               timely manner and make every effort to resolve issues to    of emergency response procedures, exploring scenarios
               the satisfaction of all stakeholders.                       and stress testing our emergency response plans and crisis
           —— Be a part of the community: use the business’ projects as   management plans. This ensures that should an emergency
               a way to contribute to stronger local communities with      situation occur, APA is equipped with the necessary tools to
               the potential to provide economic and social benefits.      help manage the situation.
           —— Honour all obligations: deliver on promises made to the     Exploring scenarios and testing emergency response and
               community and stakeholders.                                 crisis management plans is a vital way to share information
           Where community consultation is required, APA develops a        and best practice. In FY2018, APA participated in the
           Community Consultation Plan to identify stakeholders and        Australian Government’s Trusted Information Sharing
           their likely area of interest in the proposed project, along    Network for Critical Infrastructure Resilience full-day
           with identifying who in the project team has responsibility     workshop. Representatives from the banking and finance,
           for engaging the stakeholder(s) and the best timing and         communications, food and grocery and health sectors also
           format for these engagements.                                   attended, along with the police. The exercise focused on
                                                                           emergency information and communication needs, the
           The plans are not static documents, evolving as the project     interdependencies between the different sectors and the
           progresses. They require revision and flexibility to meet       importance of raising awareness amongst all stakeholders.
           changing needs and circumstances. Each project plan is
           usually reviewed every three months or as required.
                                                                                                          APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S11




                        employees.
                        We are committed to providing an                                   —— Fostering a culture to ensure our health, safety and
                                                                                               environmental obligations show continuous improvement
                        inclusive, rewarding and collaborative                                 in performance and that risks are identified and
                        working environment where all our                                      managed to prevent harm and build a sustainable future.
                        people can contribute, perform and                                 —— Attracting, developing and enabling our people to build
                                                                                               their own and the organisation’s capability for future
                        succeed. We do this by:                                                growth and success.




For personal use only
                                                                                           —— Developing deep technical expertise in a continuous
                                                                                               learning environment with inspiring, accountable leaders.
                                                                                           —— Living and embedding the APA Way so our culture is a
                                                                                               key enabler of our success.


                        FY2018 Performance                                                 Actions for FY2019
                        Safety                                                             Safety
                        —— All leading HSE indicators (1) were met or exceeded            —— Target TRIFR of no more than 7. APA will use data
                           including HSE leadership activities.                                analytics to develop activities to improve injury
                        —— The Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)                 performance including (but not limited to) contractor
                            result was 8.9 (2), predominantly due to contractor injuries       performance and management, manual handling and
                            exceeding target. No fatalities occurred.                          focus on prevention of hand injuries.
                        —— The Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTFIR) result was         —— Continued development of a comprehensive process
                            1 .76 which exceeded the FY2018 target of <1.                     safety framework, measures and integration with
                                                                                              current Safety Management system.
                        —— Completed overhaul of Alcohol & Other Drugs Policy
                            and protocols.                                                 —— Implement company-wide Health and Wellbeing
                                                                                               program targeting areas identified from APA’s Health
                        —— An online Health and Wellbeing platform was launched               and Wellbeing online platform.
                            for employees with good uptake.
                                                                                           —— Safety Leadership initiatives and programs as part of
                        —— Commenced implementation of action plan to improve                APA’s overall leadership and development framework.
                            Chain of Responsibility capability which will meet new
                            National Chain of Responsibility laws and managing our         —— Improve mobility and usability of HSE reporting.
                            supply chain risk.                                             Leading for growth and diversity
                        —— Targeted promotion and education on key HSE matters            —— Launch a new people management fundamentals
                            such as contractor management, distractions, gas safety            program called Leading @ APA, aimed at new and
                            and safety leadership.                                             frontline leaders.
                        —— Utilised data from APA’s In Vehicle Monitoring System          —— Implementation of engineering capability framework.
                            to develop campaigns to target speeding and use of             —— Develop business specific competencies and learning
                            seat belts.                                                        frameworks to embed and improve technical know-how
                        —— Conducted necessary Crisis and Emergency                           and capability.
                            Management training and tests.                                 —— HR Systems project re-commenced to upgrade people
                        —— Delivered a safety reset training module to employees             processes and system capability.
                            and contractors in APA’s Transmission and Networks             —— Improve capability and processes around key people
                            business to address safety risks, seek employee input              functions such as recruitment, resource planning,
                            about how APA can improve its safety performance and               business partnering, change management and
                            reinforce the collective responsibility employees have in          learning design.
                            being mindful of workplace safety.                             ——Continue work on the D&I strategy with emphasis on:
                        Leading for growth and diversity                                      – Development of Employee Value Proposition
                        —— 297 leaders completed Leadership Styles & Climate
                                                                                              – Gender Targets Action Plan implementation
                            “Strategy into Action” workshops with structured
                            coaching sessions.                                                – New Apprenticeship program
                        —— Employee Survey conducted with 78% participation and              – Increased use of flexibility arrangements.
                            a positive engagement score (71% favourable).                  —— Review and redesign the performance and reward/
                        —— Engineering capability framework completed and ready               remuneration models.
                            for roll-out in FY2019.                                        —— Refreshed Code of Conduct to be rolled out to
                        —— HR Systems review project commenced but put on hold                employees and contractors.
                            for some months due to resourcing constraints.
                        —— Introduction of Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) Working
                            Groups to assist in the implementation of D&I Strategy
                            in key objectives of Inclusivity, Flexibility, Cross-
                            generational and Employer of Choice.
                        —— APA’s Board approved a Gender Targets Action
                            Plan to work towards achievement of female
                            participation targets.
                        —— Introduced new, structured Talent Review process               1) Leading HSE indicators refers to performance measures of activities
                            to improve talent and succession outcomes.                        undertaken in the workplace at the time they occur aimed at preventing
                                                                                              HSE incidents.
                        —— Continued promotion of APA values and culture via              2) Lag indicators refer to performance measures capturing HSE events after
                            the launch of The APA Way, APA Excellence Awards,                 they have occurred. TRIFR is measured as the number of lost time and
                            leadership programs, and extensive refresh of APA’s               medically treated injuries sustained per million hours worked. APA’s figure
                                                                                              includes employees and contractors.
                            Code of Conduct.
           S12 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           Key Sustainability Risks                                          Risk Management
           —— Failure to provide a safe workplace resulting in serious or   —— APA maintains a comprehensive workplace HSE
               fatal injuries (Safety).                                          Management System. It is predicated on the principles
                                                                                 of hazard and risk identification, control measures and
                                                                                 a robust assurance framework.
                                                                             —— HSE training, education and awareness is a cornerstone




For personal use only
                                                                                 of the HSE Management System.
                                                                             —— As part of our assurance framework, Health and
                                                                                 Safety audits are undertaken across all parts of the
                                                                                 business to ensure that health and safety risks are
                                                                                 effectively controlled.

           —— Potential for legal proceedings for failure to comply with    —— Maintain and monitor compliance to APA’s HSE
               Health, Safety and Environmental legislative obligations.         Management System including undertaking
                                                                                 regular compliance monitoring through audits
                                                                                 and workplace inspections.
                                                                             —— Provide Health, Safety and Environment training
                                                                                 to managers and employees.

           —— Employee capability, recruitment and                          —— APA maintains a number of initiatives to ensure there
               engagement – Failure to develop, attract and                      is a pool of talent and internal capability for now and
               retain talented employees.                                        in the future.
                                                                             —— These include formal succession and talent
                                                                                 management, a diversity and inclusion strategy, as
                                                                                 well as technical, functional, business and leadership
                                                                                 development.
                                                                             —— The business has introduced a strong internal
                                                                                 recruitment capability to ensure we identify and secure
                                                                                 external resources as and when needed.

           —— Failure to focus on the health and wellbeing of our           —— APA maintains a comprehensive workplace HSE
               people impacting productivity, absenteeism and                    Management System. It is predicated on the principles
               culture/behaviour.                                                of hazard and risk identification, control measures and
                                                                                 a robust assurance framework.
                                                                             —— Health and wellbeing education and awareness is a
                                                                                 key element of the system. In FY2018 APA introduced
                                                                                 a Health and Wellbeing employee platform to support
                                                                                 employee learning.
                                                                             —— As part of our assurance framework and HSE audits,
                                                                                 APA regularly reviews its people metrics and trends,
                                                                                 as well as conducting employee surveys.

           —— Failure to comply with Employment, Discrimination             —— APA has several initiatives in place to strengthen the
               (sex, race, disability, age, gender), EEO and                     cultural, gender and age diversity of APA’s workforce
               Diversity regulations resulting in potential fines                including the 2017-2020 Diversity & Inclusion Strategy
               or negative publicity.                                            and Gender Targets Action Plan.
                                                                             —— Employees are regularly trained in their obligations
                                                                                 with respect to lawful and appropriate behaviour,
                                                                                 discrimination and complaints and investigation
                                                                                 processes are in place to address issues.
                                                                             —— Employment terms and conditions are established
                                                                                 and regularly reviewed to ensure they meet or exceed
                                                                                 legislative requirements.

           —— Potential for a Process Safety incident at an APA asset       —— A Process Safety framework is currently under
               resulting in a major accident or explosion.                       development and is being incorporated into APA’s HSE
                                                                                 Management system.
                                                                             —— It is predicated on Industry best practice and the
                                                                                 principals of understanding Process Safety risk,
                                                                                 specifying the critical control measures to safeguard
                                                                                 those risks.
                                                                             —— As part of APA’s assurance program, Health and Safety
                                                                                 audits are also undertaken in all parts of the business,
                                                                                 including on some key Process Safety critical controls.
                                                                                                     APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S13




                        Leading for growth                                               To achieve this goal, in FY2018 APA established four working
                        In FY2018, 297 of APA’s leaders participated in our             groups aligned to the diversity and inclusion priority areas
                         Leadership Styles and Climate (Strategy into Action)            of Flexibility, Inclusion, Cross-Generational and Employer of
                         program which now has seen all of APA’s existing leaders        Choice, with the objective of creating a workplace where
                         attend in the last two years. This program focused on           APA is known as:
                         connecting leaders to the APA strategy, setting a standard      —— Inclusive – where differences are recognised and
                         on how to lead at APA and then providing tools and                  language and behaviour demonstrate organisational




For personal use only
                         techniques on how to leverage various leadership styles to          commitment to diversity and inclusion;
                         lead for growth, improved team climate and performance.         —— An Employer of Choice – attracting and retaining diverse
                        Via this program, 138 leaders (those who manage >3                 talent and increased female representation in senior
                         people) received a 1:1 report debrief and coaching on how          leadership and engineering/operational roles;
                         they lead and the impact this has on the climate in their       —— Flexible – flexible work practices providing greater
                         team. After this training, 91% of attendees reported to have       role accessibility and supporting individuals to balance
                         communicated the strategy to their team with the majority          personal and work requirements; and
                         also reporting positive team improvements. In FY2019, we        —— Cross-generational – a strong talent pipeline, supported
                         will commence re-assessing our leaders who have previously         by an engaged and skilled workforce, mentoring and
                         completed the program and will provide this program to             succession planning, leverage and transfer of critical
                         new leaders within APA.                                            skills and knowledge.
                        We also successfully piloted a new leadership program to        Each working group is led by a member of APA’s Executive
                         build core people management skills expected of all leaders     Committee as the sponsor and comprises representatives
                         at APA: Leading at APA. It is aimed at new and frontline        from across the business who meet at least monthly to
                         leaders in particular, and covers such topics as:               design and deliver initiatives aligned to APA’s Diversity &
                                                                                         Inclusion Strategy.
                        —— Understanding their role as a leader at APA.
                        —— Building high trust relationships.                            In addition, APA has established a Diversity and Inclusion
                                                                                         Champion network, comprising of employees across the
                        —— Conducting good quality conversations - in person
                                                                                         business who meet approximately once a month to keep
                            and remotely – to:
                                                                                         informed on APA's diversity and inclusion progress, as well
                        	­–	Manage for performance, set expectations,                   as to contribute to the discussion and help design and
                             provide enriched feedback, delegate tasks and               co-ordinate future initiatives and priorities.
                             develop their people.
                                                                                         Some of the work undertaken by the D&I Working Groups
                          –	Empower people to take ownership of and be
                                                                                         is highlighted below:
                             accountable for achieving their goals while managing
                             the how, not just the result.                               Inclusive
                          – Be fair and consistent in how they manage.                   The “Inclusivity” working group co-ordinated a series of
                          –	Leverage delegation as a way to develop and grow            diversity and inclusion site events to recognise and celebrate
                             team member capability.                                     inclusivity, including Harmony Day and International
                                                                                         Women’s Day. These events were promoted across the
                        In FY2019 we will commence the rollout of this programme        business to increase awareness and generate discussion
                         to leaders within APA.                                          about creating an inclusive work environment. Focus areas
                                                                                         for FY2019 include:
                        Diversity and inclusion
                        APA’s 2017-2020 Diversity & Inclusion Strategy focuses on        —— Recognising and celebrating the National Aboriginal and
                        achieving diversity of thought, by strengthening the cultural,      Islanders Day of Celebration with our partners The Fred
                        gender and age diversity of APA’s workforce.                        Hollows Foundation and Clontarf Foundation.
                                                                                         —— Launching an Inclusive Leadership Program for all
                                                                                            people leaders, alongside Unconscious Bias training
                                                                                            for employees, commencing in FY2019.




                                                                                         diversity of   APA’s workplace is naturally inclusive and
                                                    Cultural                             thought:       respectful of all employees. Employees
                                                                                                        are empowered to think innovatively and
                                                                                                        leverage cultural, gender and age diversity
                                                                                                        to improve business performance
                                  Inclu                                      ion
                                       sio                                lus            cultural:      APA embraces differences in culture,
                                          n                            Inc                              beliefs and customs to build upon our
                                                                                                        diversity of thought
                                                  Diversity of
                                                   thought
                                                                                         gender:        APA seeks to attract and retain a high
                                                                                                        quality, gender balanced workforce


                                   Gender                             Age                age:           APA leverages value through the
                                                                                                        experience and potential of a cross-
                                                                                                        generational workforce
                                                    Inclusion
           S14 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           An Employer of Choice                                                         Cross-Generational
           APA is aiming to increase the female participation in its                     The “Cross-Generational” working group analysed the
           workforce and set targets in FY2017 to be achieved by                         demographic composition of the workforce at APA. It
           2022. The targets and our progress to achieving them                          identified a number of key areas of focus including, the
           are set out below:                                                            development of new capabilities and bringing different
                                                                                         generations into specific skill areas. During the Reporting
           Area                Female %             FY18 status         FY17 status      Period, the focus has been on developing an apprenticeship




For personal use only
                               Target by            against             against          program and revising and extending our current graduate
                               2022                 Target              Target           program. An APA wide mentoring program and a phased
                                                                                         retirement program has also been established.

           Total                                                                         APA’s Gender Diversity Profile
                               30%                  27%                 27%
           Workforce                                                                     The following tables provide an overview of the percentage
                                                                                         of women at APA, as well as the percentage of women
           Senior                                                                        in leadership roles, as reported to the Workplace Gender
                               25%                  17%                 17%              Equality Agency (WGEA) in 2018.
           Leaders (3)

                                                                                         Table 1: Women profile (as reported to WGEA for the period
           Talent                                                                        1 April 2017 - 31 March 2018)
                               >30%                 30%                 22%
           Pipeline (4)
                                                                                           Percentage of non-executive Directors who                      42%
           The “Employer of Choice” working group has carriage of the                      are women
           Gender Targets. During FY2018 we completed the Gender
           Targets Action Plan, which was approved by the Board.                           Percentage of workforce who are women                          27%
           The Plan sets out APA’s actions for the next four years to
           achieve its gender targets including:
                                                                                           Percentage of total leadership roles filled by                 20%
           —— Attraction of females to APA – ensuring APA has                             women (1)
               a positive image and is attracting diverse talent
               (e.g. improved advertising and promotion; external
                                                                                           Percentage of technical and trades roles                        3%
               partnerships).
                                                                                           filled by women
           —— Recruitment/Selection – increasing the quantity of
               females recruited in line with APA’s merit/quality                        1) Leadership roles are defined in accordance with the WGEA occupational
               requirements (e.g. improved recruitment capability                           categories and comprise all levels of management (i.e. key management
               and policies).                                                               personnel, general managers, senior managers and other manager roles
                                                                                            excluding team leader and supervisory roles.)
           —— Development – ensuring our development efforts are
               effective for women and men at all levels in APA (e.g.                    Table 2: Breakdown of women in leadership roles (as reported
               revised Talent Review process, coaching, networking,                      to WGEA for the period 1 April 2017-31 March 2018)
               and technical development opportunities).
           —— Retention – improving retention of females at all points
               of their career (e.g. senior sponsorship; pay equity).                      CEO                                                            0%
           —— Performance and Metrics – what gets measured, gets
               done (e.g. KPIs for senior leaders; regular reporting;                      Executive Committee                                            29%
               recruitment targets).
                                                                                           Other executives/general managers                              24%
           This working group has also undertaken work on reviewing
           how our recruitment companies “sell” the benefits of APA
           to external candidates as well as completing an internal                        Senior managers                                                14%
           survey on what APA’s Employee Value Proposition should
           be. This will be a key input into the development of our                        Other managers                                                 22%
           Employer of Choice program in FY2019.
           Flexibility
           The “Flexibility” working group analysed how many people
           are on flexible working agreements and has also liaised with
           external organisations on what flexibility they are offering
           to their employees. It is currently redefining flexibility for
           APA and educating leaders through a new initiative on how
           to manage flexibly. APA provides primary carers with 14
           weeks of parental leave at full pay, or 28 weeks at half pay.
           In 2017 – 2018, APA achieved a return-to-work rate of
           94% for those on parental leave and continues to
           pro‑actively work with and support working parents
           with flexible work options. APA provides a supportive
           working environment for breastfeeding mothers and is
           accredited by the Australian Breastfeeding Association
           as a Breastfeeding Friendly Workplace.




           3) Senior Leaders comprises “Other executives/general managers” and “senior managers” as reported to WGEA above.
           4) Talent Pipeline refers to the pipeline of candidates in our talent pools
                                                                                                  APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S15




                        Developing Talent and Capability                               Developing and celebrating APA’s culture
                        APA’s leaders continue to participate in talent management     Employee Survey
                        sessions to identify and build a strong pipeline of critical   During the Reporting period, APA conducted its two yearly
                        capability to meet the organisation’s current and future       employee survey, Your Voice, aimed at gaining a better
                        requirements and ensure long-term continuation of core         understanding of the organisation’s culture, identifying
                        business activities.                                           strengths and opportunities.




For personal use only
                        All senior leaders have participated in the talent review      78% of APA’s employees participated in the survey with
                        process in 2018, to identify high potential and emerging       the top results including:
                        talent as well as potential successors for key roles.          —— Safety approach (90% favourable).
                        The process was also to identify capability gaps across
                        the organisation. This year employees were asked to            —— Diversity & Inclusion (77% favourable).
                        submit a detailed employee profile that captured their         —— Employee Engagement (71% favourable).
                        career aspirations, mobility and their strengths and           —— Business Alignment and Collaboration (both 69% favourable).
                        development needs. This information fed into the talent
                        review process. Employees identified through this process      The key areas identified for improvement across the
                        receive development via a talent program ranging from          company were Agility, Personal Growth and Development,
                        structured assessments and feedback, on-the-job training,      and Process Efficiency. Corporate and divisional action
                        secondments, coaching and tailored development.                plans are in place and being regularly monitored to look
                        Approximately 150 employees were assessed using                to address areas of concern.
                        a new structured talent review process.                        Employee Awards
                        APA continues to focus on building its internal development    As part of continuing to strengthen the implementation
                        tools. It will be launching an APA mentoring program in        and articulation of APA’s values, the APA Excellence Awards
                        August 2018 to proactively develop talent and potential        for 2017-18 were redesigned and structured around the
                        successors for key roles.                                      STARS values. There were six awards – five individual
                                                                                       awards, one for each value, namely Safety, Trustworthy,
                        Work has also been ongoing in establishing key technical       Adaptable, Results and Service, and a sixth Team award
                        and functional capability frameworks and learning              for the team displaying at least 3 of the 5 values. There
                        environments to continue to improve and deepen APA’s           were an unprecedented 135 nominations for this year’s
                        technical expertise. During the reporting period areas         Awards with winners announced across Australia in April
                        of focus included establishing a broad, company-wide           2018, through a series of presentations recognising all
                        Engineering Capability framework, improved competency          nominees as well as winners.
                        development at our LNG facility in Dandenong, a learning
                        framework for our Transmission Market Services functions
                        and improved training and assessments for permit issuing.




                        Case study ~ Health and Safety program bounces
                        into action

                        APA’s three-year Health Safety and Environment (HSE)
                        Strategic Plan aims to promote employee wellbeing
                        and progress our HSE framework, systems, culture and
                        initiatives to prevent harm to our employees and the
                        broader community. One of FY2018’s key HSE highlights
                        was the introduction of an employee Health and Wellbeing
                        program ‘Bounce’ that has the tagline Aspire, Participate,
                        Achieve (APA). This online Health and Wellbeing portal
                        was launched in August 2017 and provides employees with
                        up-to-date information on topical health and wellbeing
                        subjects such as exercise tips, healthy recipes and managing
                        stress, as well as offering access to confidential online
                        health assessments. An extension of the program will
                        be rolled out in FY2019 across the company, with specific
                        target areas identified from the platform driving next
                        year's initiatives.
           S16 — APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018




           investors.
           We will continue to be a reliable and                                —— Achieving reliable and sustainable earnings growth
                                                                                    by focusing on long-term revenue and reduced costs.
           attractive investment which delivers solid
                                                                                —— Maintaining a strong and robust balance sheet.
           returns for securityholders by:                                      —— Identifying and evaluating additional attractive
                                                                                    infrastructure style investments in related
                                                                                    energy businesses.




For personal use only
                                                                                —— Providing clarity and transparency of the business
                                                                                    through appropriate and timely reporting and
                                                                                    communication.




           FY2018 Performance                                                   Actions for FY2019
           —— Total securityholder return of 11.2% for FY2018                  —— Ensure APA’s communications with investors regarding
              (FY2017, 4.1%).                                                       the current CKI Consortium takeover proposal are
           —— Delivered investors a 3.4% increase in distributions.                 clear and timely.
           —— Maintained investment grade credit ratings (BBB/Baa2).            —— Progress or complete current growth capital
                                                                                    projects underway.
           —— Raised ~$500 million through a fully underwritten
               pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable retail              —— Continue to evaluate and develop additional revenue
               renounceable entitlement offer in Feb 2018. New                      streams in related energy infrastructure businesses.
               Securities were offered at a 6.8% discount to the last           —— Maintain investment grade credit ratings.
               closing price on 20 February 2018. Both the Institutional
               and Retail campaigns were well supported by investors.
               ~65.6 million new securities were issued in March 2018.
           —— Redeemed the $515 million Subordinated Notes at the
               first call date in March 2018, reducing net interest by
               $4.1 million to $509.7 million. (FY2017, $513.8 million).
           —— Maintained corporate costs as a proportion of EBITDA
               (continuing business) at 4.3% in FY2018 (FY2017, 4.3 %).
           —— APA remains on track in delivering $1.4 billion plus of
               growth opportunities between FY2017-2019, which will
               contribute incremental annual revenue of ~$215 million
               of revenue from FY2020.
           —— $875.5 million of capital and investment expenditure
               during FY2018.
           —— Voluntarily published APA’s third Tax Transparency Report
               (available on APA’s website). The Federal Government
               with support of the Australian Board of Taxation were
               seeking greater public disclosure of tax information by
               businesses and endorsed the Tax Transparency Code
               as part of the 2017-2018 Budget announcements.



           APA’S HISTORICAL ANNUAL DISTRIBUTIONS (CENTS PER SECURITY), HAS CONTINUED TO INCREASE

                                                                                                                                         45.0
                                                                                                                                  43.5
                                                                                                                          41.5
                                                                                                                   38.0
                                                                                                     35.5   36.3
                                                                                       34.4   35.0
                                                                                32.8
                                                                         31.0
                                                           28.0   29.5
                                                    24.0
              22.0      21.5   21.5   21.5   22.5




             FY01       FY02   FY03   FY04   FY05   FY06   FY07   FY08   FY09   FY10   FY11   FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16    FY17   FY18
                                                                                                  APA GROUP — SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2018 — S17




                        Key Sustainability Risks                                       Risk Management
                        —— Debt and equity – Ensuring continued support from debt     —— APA’s investment decisions are made and its balance
                            and equity markets for ongoing capital requirements.          sheet is utilised with a continuous focus on maintaining
                            Inability to secure new debt facilities at appropriate        long-term investment grade credit ratings.
                            quantum and price may adversely affect APA’s               —— A diverse portfolio of long-life assets underpinned
                            operations and/or financial position and performance.         by regulated and long-term bilateral agreements,




For personal use only
                                                                                          underscores APA’s ability to service debt and sustain
                                                                                          steady equity distributions.
                                                                                       —— Maintain diversified funding base and access to deep
                                                                                          and liquid global debt capital and banking markets.
                                                                                       —— APA has a long-term sustainable distribution policy
                                                                                          having regard for the capital needs of the business and
                                                                                          economic conditions. Distributions are fully covered by
                                                                                          operating cash flow.
                                                                                       —— Financial results and other salient developments are
                                                                                          communicated regularly to investors in a timely manner.


                        As at 30 June 2018, APA had over 77,000 securityholders
                        holding 1.2 billion securities, with the top 20 investors
                        holding 68.7% of securities. Currently, approximately 74% of
                        APA’s investors are based in Australia and/or New Zealand.




                        Emu Downs Solar Farm, Western Australia
