                      For personal use only




annual report. 2019
For personal use only


           Cover image: Raj Kallath, APA’s Project Manager for the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline project.
           Above: APA’s Orbost Gas Processing Plant in Victoria will connect the Sole Gas Field, a new gas supply source into the east coast market in FY2020.

           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                               contents.           FY2019 in Review
                                                   02 Chairman’s Report
                                                   04 Managing Director’s Report
                                                   06 APA Group Board
                                                   07 APA Group Senior Management
                                                   08 2019 Highlights

                                                   Australian Pipeline Trust
                                                   ARSN 091 678 778
                                                   10   Directors’ Report
                                                   45   Remuneration Report
                                                   59   Consolidated Financial Statements




For personal use only
                                                   APT Investment Trust
                                                   ARSN 115 585 441
                                                   117 Directors’ Report
                                                   121 Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                   143 Additional Information
                                                   144 Five Year Summary
                                                   145 Investor Information




                        Growing energy infrastructure responsibly and
                        sustainably to meet the needs of our customers
                        and stakeholders is what we do at APA. That’s why
                        almost two decades on, we are one of Australia’s
                        leading energy infrastructure companies.
                        We play a major role in Australia’s energy market
                        by connecting gas supply sources to markets,
                        and connecting energy we generate from both
                        gas-fired power and renewables technology
                        to our customers. It’s therefore important
                        that we act responsibly by doing what we
                        say we will do, and by doing the right thing
                        by all of our stakeholders, always.
                        We take a long term view so that our
                        infrastructure will serve future generations,
                        providing responsible energy that affords
                        Australians the quality of life we enjoy and expect.




                                                          APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 01
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report




           chairman’s report.




For personal use only
                                                                      Michael Fraser             APA has pursued a consistent strategy for almost
                                                                      Chairman                   two‑decades and that strategy has demonstrated its value
                                                                                                 to APA’s customers, Securityholders and business generally.
                                                                                                 APA has grown significantly over this time – $21 billion of
                                                                                                 assets owned and/or operated by APA; more than 1,800
                                                                                                 employees operating and maintaining those assets; and
                                                                                                 over $1 billion in operating cash flow generated annually.
                                                                                                 For Securityholders, distributions have been reliable and
                                                                                                 have increased as the business has grown. Every dollar
                                                                                                 invested in APA when it listed in June 2000, has grown
                                                                                                 more than 22 times over those 19 years (1).
                                                                                                 Leadership
                                                                                                 A major contributor to that success has been APA’s long
                                                                                                 standing CEO and Managing Director, Mick McCormack,
                                                                                                 who retired in July after 14 years of leading the business.
                                                                                                 Mick’s foresight and his ‘get-the-job’ done attitude has
                                                                                                 been instrumental in cementing APA as a leading Australian
                    FY2019 saw the continued                                                     energy infrastructure owner and operator. On behalf of
                                                                                                 all APA Securityholders and employees, I would like to
                    delivery of APA’s largest ever                                               acknowledge and thank Mick, and his family, for those 14
                                                                                                 years of dedication to leading APA.
                    organic growth program –
                                                                                                 In May 2019, after an extensive search and selection
                    more than $1.4 billion                                                       process, the Board announced Rob Wheals as CEO and
                    of energy infrastructure                                                     Managing Director, effective 6 July 2019. Rob has been
                                                                                                 with APA since 2008. He started as General Manager
                    added to APA’s footprint                                                     Commercial, managing the commercial function in APA’s
                    over the last three years.                                                   transmission business and joined the Executive team in
                                                                                                 2012 as Group Executive Transmission. Rob has a deep
                    Of most significance is the                                                  understanding of the Australian energy market and the
                    value of the services and                                                    challenges and opportunities facing APA and the industry
                                                                                                 as we transition to a lower carbon future. He is particularly
                    flexibility this infrastructure                                              passionate about delivering for our customers, and has
                    will deliver to our customers                                                been instrumental in implementing APA’s Customer
                                                                                                 Promise over the last few months. Personally, it has been a
                    for years to come.                                                           great pleasure for me to have been involved in the launch of
                                                                                                 APA’s Customer Promise to our customers.
                                                                                                 During the financial year, APA’s Board underwent a number
                                                                                                 of changes. Russell Higgins AO and Patricia McKenzie
                                                                                                 retired from the Board and I thank them both for their

                        $21 billion
                                                                                                 significant contributions to APA, each over a number of
                                                                                                 years. We were fortunate to welcome James Fazzino to the
                                                                                                 Board in February 2019. His extensive corporate experience
                        Assets owned and/or operated by APA                                      as a former Chief Executive Officer of one of Australia’s
                                                                                                 larger manufacturing companies exposed to the gas sector
                                                                                                 will complement the Board’s existing skills and capabilities.




           1) Total Securityholder Return since listing to 30 June 2019 is calculated on the assumption that all distributions are reinvested at the ex-distribution date.

           02 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information




                        Financial results                                                                   Outlook
                        APA’s financial performance for FY2019 was a very solid                             APA’s guidance for FY2020 is for EBITDA of between
                        one, particularly in light of the fact that the organisation                        $1,660 million and $1,690 million and net interest costs of
                        was subject to a takeover proposal from a CKI consortium                            between $505 million and $515 million. Total distributions
                        for six months of the year. The results and continued growth                        per security for the financial year are expected to be in




For personal use only
                        of APA in light of those circumstances are a credit to APA’s                        the order of 50.0 cents per security, prior to the benefits
                        people and their ability to stay focused on driving the                             of any franking credits that may arise as a result of
                        business forward.                                                                   the ongoing payment of company tax by APA.
                        Total revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) increased                            Along with your Board, I am very pleased that this
                        4.6% on FY2018 to $2,031.0 million. Earnings before                                 expected 6.4% increase in distributions results from the
                        interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation increased 3.6%                         anticipated growth in operating cash flow as our organic
                        to $1,573.8 million. Net profit after tax increased 8.8% to                         growth program continues to deliver new projects.
                        $288.0 million. Operating cash flow (OCF) was slightly
                                                                                                            On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the APA
                        below FY2018 levels at $1,012.1 million, primarily due to an
                                                                                                            leadership team and APA’s employees for their dedication
                        increase in income tax paid by APA. The Board has declared
                                                                                                            and hard work during what has been another very active
                        a final distribution of 25.5 cents per security, taking total
                                                                                                            year for the company. I would also like to thank you,
                        distributions for FY2019 to 47.0 cents per security. As a
                                                                                                            our Securityholders, for your continued support. We
                        result of the increased income tax APA paid during the
                                                                                                            strongly believe that APA is well positioned to continue to
                        financial year, a further 3.66 cents per security of franking
                                                                                                            deliver long-term growth and securityholder value, well
                        credits will attach to the final distribution for the year.
                                                                                                            into the future.
                        Sustainability
                        Following steps taken in FY2018, we have continued with
                        our environment, social and governance (ESG) initiatives
                        program with an emphasis on aligning our climate risk
                        management with the recommendations of the Taskforce
                        on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). APA
                        accepts the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s
                        (IPCC) assessment of climate change science that the                                Michael Fraser
                        climate is changing due to human influence. We believe                              Chairman
                        that climate change is a significant issue facing the energy
                        industry and the Australian community in general. We
                        also believe that natural gas and our diversified energy
                        asset portfolio will overtime play an important role in the
                        shift to a lower carbon, sustainable energy future.
                        During FY2019, we undertook a scenario analysis using
                        three divergent climate-driven scenarios to stress-test the
                        resilience of APA over the 10 years to 2030. This analysis
                        is detailed in APA’s Sustainability Report, but in summary,
                        the Board expects that APA’s portfolio of assets will be
                        economically and physically resilient to climate-related
                        impacts under the scenarios tested over at least the next
                        10 years. We believe that it is our responsibility to provide
                        consistent information to stakeholders, including our
                        investors, on climate-related risks and opportunities and
                        we will continue to actively monitor, assess and report
                        on our findings.




                        $1,574 million                                                                                  47.0 cents
                        EBITDA increased 3.6% on FY2018                                                                 Distribution per security
                                                                                                                        increased 4.4% on FY2018




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 03
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report




           managing director’s report.




For personal use only
                                                                      Rob Wheals
                                                                      Chief Executive Officer
                                                                      and Managing Director




                                                                                                 Safety first, always
                                                                                                 I have been with APA for over 10 years. For me as an
                                                                                                 employee during that time and now taking over as CEO,
                                                                                                 safety and the wellbeing of our people and the communities
                                                                                                 around our assets, remains APA’s number one priority.
                                                                                                 Pleasingly, our increased efforts and focus in FY2019 have
                                                                                                 led to a significant reduction in injuries to our people. The
                                                                                                 Total Reportable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) has reduced
                                                                                                 by around a third on FY2018 results to 5.98 per million
                                                                                                 hours worked. We still have more work to do however,
                                                                                                 particularly with regard to our contractor workforce, to
                                                                                                 ensure that they are carrying out work on behalf of APA
                                                                                                 to the same high safety standard that we set and achieve
                                                                                                 with our employees.
                                                                                                 Strategy remains on track
                                                                                                 Since commencing in my new role, one of the most common
                                                                                                 questions that I am asked is whether I will be ‘changing
                                                                                                 APA’s strategy?’ And the simple answer to that question is
                                                                                                 ‘no’. APA’s long-standing strategy of growing the business
                                                                                                 through leveraging our existing asset portfolio and skills
                                                                                                 has served the business well. Each year the Board and
                                                                                                 Executive team review and ratify the APA strategy. Having
                                                                                                 been a part of the strategy review earlier this year, I am
                    It is a great honour and privilege                                           in full support of APA’s strategy as it stands, including our
                    for me to deliver my first report                                            exploration of gas transmission and distribution growth
                                                                                                 opportunities in North America.
                    to Securityholders as APA’s CEO
                    and Managing Director. The solid                                             At APA, we have demonstrated our ability to successfully
                                                                                                 acquire, integrate and grow energy infrastructure
                    results delivered in FY2019 are                                              businesses. We do not see geographical location as an
                    due to the combined efforts of                                               impediment, or added risk to those proven capabilities.
                                                                                                 Testament to APA’s commitment to this part of our
                    a team of 1,800 APA employees                                                strategy is the recent decision to relocate Ross Gersbach,
                    led by our retiring Managing                                                 our current Chief Executive of Strategy and Development,
                    Director, Mick McCormack, working                                            to APA’s Houston office. As we have said in the past, we
                                                                                                 are interested in this market due to the opportunities that
                    together to deliver services to our                                          it presents to invest in energy infrastructure at appropriate
                    customers; good stewardship and                                              rates of return with a longer-term opportunity to grow and
                    engagement with communities and                                              add further value to APA.
                    the environment; and collaboration
                    with the broader energy industry.
                    When our stakeholders are satisfied,
                    our business does well and we                                                33% reduction
                    are able to return that success
                                                                                                 in the TRIFR safety metrics
                    to you, our investors by way of                                              down to 5.98 per million hours worked
                    growing distributions and building
                    a stronger and larger APA.




           04 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information




                        Delivering the strategy                                                             We continue to see growth opportunities ahead for APA.
                        I have recently initiated a review of APA’s purpose, vision,                        Currently we have several Memorandums of Understanding
                        strategic imperatives and operating model to ensure we                              with customers for new pipeline developments on the
                        have the right structure and appropriate resources for                              east coast, subject to their gas supply development
                        the efficient and effective execution of our strategy. I fully                      projects reaching final investment decisions. In the
                                                                                                            Northern Territory, the lifting of the government’s fracking




For personal use only
                        expect the outcome to deliver improved clarification of our
                        goals, reporting lines, and decision-making to enhance our                          moratorium provides opportunity for new gas supply
                        speed and agility as we deliver that strategy.                                      developments and connecting that supply to markets in
                                                                                                            the north and east of Australia. In Victoria, APA’s proposed
                        APA has grown over almost two decades because our                                   Dandenong Power Station project is being considered
                        customers continue to request energy infrastructure,                                under the government’s Underwriting New Generation
                        increased services, and flexible and bespoke solutions                              Investments (UNGI) scheme. In Western Australia, the
                        to support their energy needs. If it is in the energy                               mining boom across a number of key mineral commodities
                        infrastructure space and we can add value for the benefit                           continues, and affordable price and reliable supply is making
                        of our customers, we are committed to investigating and                             gas the fuel of choice in that region.
                        delivering the best in class solutions available.
                                                                                                            Looking ahead
                        Having spent the last decade with APA at the coalface of                            APA is not a business that has rested on its laurels or prior
                        working with our transmission customers, I am proud to                              achievements, and we know there is more we can do to help
                        have been instrumental in the development and launch                                further develop Australia’s energy industry and improve
                        of APA’s Customer Promise in recent months. I am very                               ways of going about our business.
                        respectful and mindful of the fact that it is our customers’
                        businesses that drive APA’s performance. If our customers’                          Acting responsibly, with integrity, and doing what we say
                        businesses are growing and we are helping them with that                            we will do are high priorities of mine. We are currently in
                        growth through flexibility of the services we provide, it                           the midst of a company-wide environmental, social and
                        follows that our business will grow too. Summarising those                          governance review and improvement program to raise
                        sentiments is APA’s Customer Promise, which is a whole                              the bar on our practices, capabilities and disclosures in
                        of company promise to deliver service to our customers’                             these three key areas. Our Sustainability Report for this
                        that they value.                                                                    reporting year is consequently more comprehensive. We
                                                                                                            recognise that as investors in our business, you should
                        Complementing this customer initiative is APA’s active                              have transparency in relation to risks and the ongoing
                        involvement in the development of the energy industry’s                             sustainability of company operations. Our assets have been
                        Energy Charter over the last couple of years. The goal                              built for long-term use. We want our investors to be with us
                        of the Energy Charter is to improve customer outcomes                               for the long term too, and we want you to continue to see
                        through the energy industry working together by putting                             value and security in your investment.
                        the customer at the centre of each of our businesses and
                        the energy system as a whole. The Energy Charter was                                I am excited for the opportunities I can see for APA in
                        launched in January 2019 and currently has 18 signatories                           the coming years and I feel that we are well-positioned
                        across the electricity and gas supply chains. Signatories                           to capitalise on those opportunities and manage any
                        to the Energy Charter are required to disclose annually                             challenges that may also arise in the course of our business.
                        their performance against the Charter’s principles.
                                                                                                            I look forward to meeting many of our investors over the
                        An independent Accountability Panel will evaluate the
                                                                                                            coming months and at our Annual Meeting to be held in
                        collective disclosures and publish a report of its findings
                                                                                                            Sydney, Thursday 24 October 2019.
                        and recommendations for continuous improvement by
                        each business.
                        Growth remains strong
                        As you read the Operational Review of the Directors’
                        Report, you will find a long list of organic growth projects
                        undertaken over the last three financial years. It has been
                        APA’s largest period of capital investment – $1.4 billion-plus
                        invested in new energy infrastructure that our customers                            Rob Wheals
                        have asked for and underwritten with long-term contracts.                           Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
                        Over that period, we have built around 272 kilometres
                        of new pipelines and more than 300 MW of new power
                        generation, including 275 MW from new renewable assets.
                        We will shortly be connecting a new source of gas supply
                        into the east coast gas market via APA’s Orbost Gas
                        Processing Facility in Victoria, which will be commissioned in
                        the last quarter of calendar year 2019.
                        Gas prices on the east coast of Australia are currently high
                        due to high demand for gas resources and a tightening                                                      $1.4 billion +
                        of traditional supply sources. As a result, Australian’s are
                        now paying some of the highest prices globally for gas,                                                    invested in new energy infrastructure
                        and this is putting stress on domestic manufacturers                                                       across FY2017-FY2019
                        and consumers. APA has long believed that increasing
                        gas supply is the only real solution to Australia’s high gas
                        price dilemma and we are working with our customers
                        by providing them with flexible services to help bring new
                        supply sources to market.


                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 05
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           apa group board.

             1                     2                       3                       4                       5                       6                       7




For personal use only
             1                                        2                                          3                                          4

           Michael Fraser                            Robert (Rob) Wheals                        Steven (Steve) Crane                       James Fazzino
           BCom FCPA MAICD                           BCom CA GAICD                              BCom FAICD SF Fin                          BEc (Hons) FCPA
           Independent Chairman                      Chief Executive Officer and                Independent Director                       Non-Independent Director
           Appointed 1 September 2015                Managing Director                          Appointed 1 January 2011                   Appointed 21 February 2019
           Appointed Chairman 27 October 2017        Appointed 6 July 2019
                                                                                                Steve has over 40 years' experience        James has experience both locally
           Michael has more than 35 years’           Rob joined APA Group in                    in the financial services industry.        and internationally in the industrial
           experience in the Australian energy       September 2008 as General                  His background is in investment            chemicals, fertilisers, explosives and
           industry. He has held various             Manager Commercial and joined              banking, having previously                 manufacturing sectors.
           executive positions at AGL Energy         APA’s Executive team in 2012 as            been Chief Executive Officer               James is currently the Chairman
           culminating in his role as Managing       Group Executive Transmission.              of ABN AMRO Australia and                  of Manufacturing Australia,
           Director and Chief Executive              Rob was appointed APA’s Chief              BZW Australia.                             Chairman of Osteon Medical,
           Officer for the period of seven           Executive Officer and Managing             Steve has experience as a                  Co‑convenor of the Male
           years until February 2015.                Director, effective 6 July 2019.           Non-Executive Director of                  Champions of Change 2015
           Michael is a Director of Aurizon          Rob has over 25 years’ experience          listed entities. He is currently           Group, Vice Chancellors Fellow
           Holdings Limited. He is also a            in Australia and internationally           Chairman of nib holdings                   at La Trobe University, Adjunct
           former Chairman of the Clean              in energy infrastructure and               limited, Taronga Conservation              Professor at La Trobe Business
           Energy Council, Elgas Limited,            telecommunications across roles            Society Australia, Global Valve            School, and a member of the
           ActewAGL and the NEMMCo                   in operations, finance, commercial,        Technology Limited and a                   Expert Advisory Panel of the
           Participants Advisory Committee,          strategy, infrastructure                   Director of SCA Property Group.            Australian Energy Market Operator.
           as well as a former Director of           investments, regulatory and                He was formerly Chairman of                He was formerly the Managing
           Queensland Gas Company Limited,           mergers and acquisitions.                  Adelaide Managed Funds Limited             Director and Chief Executive
           the Australian Gas Association                                                       and Investa Property Group                 Officer of Incitec Pivot Limited and
           and the Energy Retailers                   6                                         Limited, a Director of Bank of             before that, its Finance Director
           Association of Australia.                                                            Queensland Limited, Transfield             and Chief Financial Officer.
                                                     Shirley In’t Veld
           Michael is a member of the                BCom LLB (Hons)                            Services Limited, Adelaide Bank            James is a member of the
           Audit and Risk Management                                                            Limited, Foodland Associated               Audit and Risk Management
                                                     Independent Director
           Committee and the Chairman                                                           Limited and APA Ethane Limited,            Committee and a member
                                                     Appointed 19 March 2018
           of the Nomination Committee.                                                         the responsible entity of Ethane           of the Health, Safety and
                                                     Shirley has expertise and                  Pipeline Income Fund, and a                Environment Committee.
             5                                       experience in the energy, mining           member of the Advisory Council
                                                     and renewables sectors.                    for CIMB Securities International
           Debra (Debbie) Goodin                                                                (Australia) Pty Ltd.
           BEc FCA MAICD                             Shirley is currently a Non-Executive
                                                     Director with Northern Star                Steve is a member of the
           Independent Director
                                                     Resources Limited and NBN Co               Audit and Risk Management
           Appointed 1 September 2015
                                                     Limited and Deputy Chair of                Committee, a member of
           Debbie has experience as a                CSIRO. She is formerly a Non-              the Nomination Committee
           Non‑Executive Director, including         Executive Director of Perth Airport,       and a member of the People
           as a member and Chair of Board            DUET Group, Asciano Limited,               and Remuneration Committee.
           Audit and Risk and Remuneration           Alcoa of Australia Limited and a
           Committees. She is currently a            Council Member of the Chamber               7
           Director of ASX-listed companies          of Commerce and Industry of
           Senex Energy Limited, oOh!media           Western Australia. She was also            Peter Wasow
           Limited and Atlas Arteria Limited,        the Managing Director of Verve             BCom, GradDip (Management),
           and Chairs the Audit and Risk             Energy (2007 – 2012) and, before           Fellow (CPA Australia)
           Committees for each of these              that, she worked for 10 years in           Independent Director
           companies. She was formerly               senior roles at Alcoa of Australia,        Appointed 19 March 2018
           a Director of Ten Network                 WMC Resources Ltd, Bond                    Peter has experience in the resources
           Holdings Limited.                         Corporation and BankWest.                  sector as both a senior executive
           Debbie also has executive                 In 2014, she was Chairman of the           and director. He retired as Managing
           experience in operations, finance         Queensland Government Expert               Director and Chief Executive Officer
           and corporate development,                Electricity Panel and a member             of Alumina Limited in mid-2017.
           including with engineering and            of the Renewable Energy Target             Previously, he had held the position
           professional services firms, and is       Review Panel for the Department            of Executive Vice President and Chief
           a Fellow of Chartered Accountants         of Prime Minister and Cabinet              Financial Officer at Santos Limited
           Australia and New Zealand.                and, was until recently, a Council         and, in a 20-year plus career at BHP,
           Debbie is the Chair of the                member of the Australian Institute         he held senior positions including
           Audit and Risk Management                 of Company Directors (WA) and              Vice President, Finance, and other
           Committee, a member of the                an Advisory Board member of                senior roles in Petroleum, Services,
           Health Safety and Environment             the SMART Infrastructure Facility          Corporate, Steel and Minerals.
           Committee and a member of the             (University of Wollongong).                Peter is a Non-Executive Director
           Nomination Committee.                     Shirley is the Chair of                    with Oz Minerals Limited and the
                                                     the Health, Safety and                     privately held GHD Group. He is
                                                     Environment Committee                      formerly a Non-Executive Director
                                                     and a member of the People                 of Alcoa of Australia Limited, AWA
                                                     and Remuneration Committee.                Brazil Limitada, AWAC LLC and
                                                                                                Alumina Limited.
                                                                                                Peter is the Chair of the People
                                                                                                and Remuneration Committee and
                                                                                                a member of the Audit and Risk
                                                                                                Management Committee.

           06 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        apa group senior management.

                         1                    2                       3                       4                       5                       6                       7




For personal use only
                         1                                       2                                          3                                          4

                        Nevenka Codevelle                       Peter Fredricson                           Ross Gersbach                              Kevin Lester
                        BCom LLM GAICD                          BCom CA GAICD                              BBus MAICD                                 BEng(Civil) MIEAust GAICD
                        Group Executive Governance,             Chief Financial Officer                    Chief Executive Strategy                   Group Executive
                        Risk and Legal                                                                     and Development                            Infrastructure Development
                                                                Peter is responsible for all
                        Nevenka is responsible for APA          financial aspects of APA Group,            Ross is responsible for APA Group’s        Kevin is responsible for the
                        Group's Governance, Risk and            including accounting and                   strategy, energy investments,              project development, engineering,
                        Legal division. The division            financial reporting, financial             regulatory and government affairs,         procurement and delivery of APA
                        comprises the company secretarial,      compliance and governance,                 environmental development, and             Group's infrastructure expansion
                        legal, and group risk and               taxation, treasury, balance sheet          mergers and acquisitions.                  projects. This division also has
                        compliance functions.                   management, capital strategy,              He has responsibility for further          responsibility for providing asset
                        Nevenka joined APA Group in             insurance, Investor Relations              enhancing APA Group's portfolio            engineering services, the technical
                        February 2008 and has held the          and Information Technology.                of assets that complement the              regulation of all pipeline related
                        role of General Counsel since June      Peter joined APA Group in June             value of its infrastructure, including     assets, procurement, engineering
                        2012. In October 2015, she also         2009. He has considerable                  APA Group's investments in                 services and the provision of land,
                        assumed the role of Company             expertise in the listed energy             midstream gas infrastructure, and          approvals and asset protection
                        Secretary and joined the Executive      infrastructure sector and                  the operation and development of           services across APA.
                        team. Nevenka is a lawyer with          over 30 years' experience in               these assets. As at the end of Q1          Kevin joined APA Group in
                        over 20 years' experience in            senior financial roles in energy           FY2020, Ross is relocating to North        August 2012 continuing a career
                        energy and other infrastructure         infrastructure, financial services         America to lead APA’s efforts in           in the management of major
                        industries, with particular focus       and investment banking                     securing investments in the US.            infrastructure projects, including
                        on project development, mergers         organisations across Australia,            Ross was previously a Director             energy infrastructure.
                        and acquisitions, competition           New Zealand and Asia.                      of APA Group from 2004 to                  Kevin is a Director and a Past
                        and industry regulation.                                                           2008 joining the management                President of the Australian
                                                                 6                                         team in April 2008 where he was            Pipelines and Gas Association.
                         5                                                                                 responsible for all commercial
                                                                Sam Pearce                                 aspects of APA Group. He has
                        Elise Manns                             BSc LLB MBA
                                                                                                           over 25 years’ experience in
                        BBus CAHRI                              Group Executive Networks                   senior positions across a range
                        Group Executive People,                 and Power                                  of energy related sectors, covering
                        Safety and Culture                                                                 areas such as infrastructure
                                                                Sam is responsible for the
                        Elise is responsible for managing       operation and management of                investments, mergers and
                        APA Group's People, Safety and          APA Group’s fully and minority             acquisitions and strategic
                        Culture division, which covers          owned gas distribution and                 developments. Additionally,
                        APA’s people strategy and culture,      power generation and electricity           Ross has extensive commercial
                        its safety and environmental            transmission assets, as well as for        experience and has managed a
                        performance and governance              Australian Gas Networks’ assets.           portfolio of infrastructure assets
                        and all activities relating to                                                     in the natural gas and electricity
                                                                Sam joined APA Group in July
                        APA’s people, their development,                                                   distribution network sector.
                                                                2008 and was formerly General
                        health, wellbeing, and                  Manager Corporate Development
                        employment arrangements.                                                            7
                                                                and Investments. Sam has
                        Elise joined APA Group in May           over 20 years' experience in the           Darren Rogers
                        2012 as General Manager Human           energy sector, covering mergers            BEng MEng MBA GAICD
                        Resources and in October 2015           and acquisitions, investment               Acting Group
                        joined the Executive team               management, commercial                     Executive Transmission
                        becoming Group Executive                and business development,
                        Human Resources. Elise has a            greenfields project development,           Following Rob Wheals
                        strong background in employment         strategy and operations.                   appointment to CEO and
                        relations and workplace change,                                                    Managing Director, Darren has
                        organisational restructuring and                                                   been appointed as Acting Group
                        business improvement. Elise has                                                    Executive Transmission. Darren is
                        over 25 years’ human resources                                                     responsible for managing APA's
                        experience in Australia's heavy                                                    customers and revenue contracts,
                        manufacturing, engineering, steel                                                  as well as growing APA's gas
                        and utilities sectors.                                                             transmission revenues. Darren
                                                                                                           manages all operational aspects
                                                                                                           of APA’s 15,000 kilometres of
                                                                                                           gas transmission pipelines and
                                                                                                           gas storage facilities.
                                                                                                           Darren joined APA Group in
                                                                                                           2017 and was previously General
                                                                                                           Manager Asset Management
                                                                                                           for Transmission. Prior to joining
                                                                                                           APA, Darren has performed senior
                                                                                                           executive roles in commercial, asset
                                                                                                           management and operations,
                                                                                                           leading large and complex divisions
                                                                                                           across a number of companies.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 07
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report




           2019 highlights.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                   $ ,  1 574
                                                                                                                         million
                                         -33%                                                                               EBITDA
                                                                                                                   increased 3.6% on FY2018
                                      Total Reportable Injury
                                         Frequency Rate
                                       decreased in FY2019




                                                                                  climate
                                                                                   action
                                                                              APA has aligned our climate risk



                                                                                                                                                 47.0
                                                                             with the recommendations of the
                                                                              Task Force on Climate‑Related
                                                                                 Financial Disclosures and
                                                                               undertaken a climate-driven
                                                                                     scenario analysis
                                                                                                                                                    cents
                                                                                                                                          Distribution per security




                                   12.7
                                                                                                                                               increased 4.4%
                                                                                                                                                  on FY2018

                              $
                                   billion
                               Market capitalisation
                                as at 30 June 2019




                                                                             $ ,  1 478                                                  Added to APA’s portfolio

                                                                                                                                         ~272 km
                                                                                      million                                            transmission pipelines



                                                                                                                                         45 mw
                                                                                   Invested in growth
                                                                                   capital expenditure
                                                                                     FY2017-FY2019
                                                                                                                                         gas-fired power station
                                                                             $426 million in FY2019
                                                                                                                                         ~278 mw
                                                                                                                                         renewable generation




           08 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information




                        normalised business performance.               (2)




                                                                                                                                            2,031
                                                                                                                                    1,941
                                                                                                                            1,888                                                                                      47.0
                                                                                                                                                                         90.7                                  45.0




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                  87.1                                  43.5
                                                                                            1,032                                                                               85.8
                                                                                     974            1,012           1,656                                                                        41.5
                                                         1,574                                                                                             77.1                           38.0                                                                  15.4
                                                 1,518                                                                                                                                                                                     14.8   15.0   15.2
                                         1,470                                862                                                                                                                                                   14.7

                                 1,331

                                                                                                            1,119                                   54.6

                                                                       545
                        822




                        FY15    FY16     FY17    FY18    FY19          FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18    FY19    FY15    FY16    FY17    FY18    FY19    FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19      FY15   FY16   FY17   FY18    FY19     FY15       FY16   FY17   FY18   FY19

                        EBITDA                                         Operating                            Revenue                                 Operating cash                        Distributions                         Total
                        ($m)                                           cash flow (3)                        excluding                               flow per security (5)                 per security                          assets
                                                                       ($m)                                 pass‑through (4)                        (cents)                               (cents)                               ($b)
                                                                                                            ($m)




                        financial results.
                        $ million                                                                                                                                        30 June 2019                   30 June 2018                                Changes

                        Revenue                                                                                                                                                        2,452.2                        2,386.7                              2.7%
                        Revenue excluding pass-through (4)                                                                                                                             2,031.0                         1,941.4                             4.6%
                        EBITDA                                                                                                                                                         1,573.8                         1,518.5                             3.6%
                        Profit after tax                                                                                                                                                288.0                           264.8                              8.8%
                        Operating cash flow (3)                                                                                                                                        1,012.1                        1,031.6                             (1.9%)

                        Financial position
                        Total assets                                                                                                                                               15,433.9                           15,227.2                              1.4%
                        Total drawn debt                         (6)
                                                                                                                                                                                       9,352.1                        8,810.4                               6.1%
                        Total equity                                                                                                                                                   3,599.4                        4,126.8                            (12.8%)

                        Financial ratios
                        Operating cash flow per security (5) (cents)                                                                                                                     85.8                             90.7                           (5.4%)
                        Earnings per security (cents)                                                                                                                                    24.4                             23.3                             4.7%
                        Distribution per security (cents)                                                                                                                                47.0                            45.0                              4.4%
                        Distribution payout ratio (%)                                                                                                                                    54.8                             50.1                             9.4%
                        FFO to Debt (%)                                                                                                                                                  10.8                             10.7                             0.9%
                        FFO to Interest (times)                                                                                                                                           3.0                                 3.0                                —




                        2) Normalised financial results exclude significant items.
                        3) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
                        4) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned, and is offset by corresponding pass-through costs.
                        5) On 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities, resulting in total securities on issue of 1,179,893,848. The weighted average numbers of
                           securities from FY2015 to FY2018 have been adjusted to account for that rights issue.
                               Between 23 December 2014 and 28 January 2015, APA issued a total of 278,556,562 new ordinary securities, resulting in total securities on issue of 1,114,307,369.
                               The weighted average number of securities for FY2015 has been adjusted to account for that rights issue.
                        6) APA’s liability to repay debt at relevant due dates of the drawn facilities. This amount represents current and non-current borrowings as per balance sheet and
                           is adjusted for deferred borrowing costs, the effect of unwinding of discount, unrealised foreign exchange differences reported in equity and deducting other
                           financial liabilities that are reported as part of borrowings in the balance sheet.

                                                                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 09
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           Australian Pipeline Trust and its Controlled Entities (ARSN 091 678 778)
           Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2019
           The Directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (Responsible Entity) submit their financial report of Australian Pipeline Trust
           (APT) and its controlled entities (together APA or Consolidated Entity) for the year ended 30 June 2019. This report refers to
           the consolidated results of APT and APT Investment Trust (APTIT).




For personal use only
           1. Directors
           The names of the Directors of the Responsible Entity during the year and since the year end are:
                                                               First appointed

           Current Directors:
           Michael Fraser                                      1 September 2015
                                                               Chairman: 27 October 2017
           Robert (Rob) Wheals                                 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director: 6 July 2019
           Steven (Steve) Crane                                1 January 2011
           James Fazzino                                       21 February 2019
           Debra (Debbie) Goodin                               1 September 2015
           Shirley In’t Veld                                   19 March 2018
           Peter Wasow                                         19 March 2018
           Former Directors:
           Russell Higgins AO                                  7 December 2004 (Retired as a Director 20 February 2019)
           Patricia McKenzie                                   1 January 2011 (Retired as a Director 8 March 2019)
           Michael (Mick) McCormack                            Chief Executive Officer: 1 July 2005 and
                                                               Managing Director: 1 July 2006 (Retired as CEO and Managing Director 5 July 2019)

           The Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity during the year and since the year end is Nevenka Codevelle.
           2. State of Affairs
           Rob Wheals commenced as APA’s new Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director with effect from 6 July 2019, following
           Mick McCormack’s retirement on 5 July 2019.
           3. Subsequent Events
           The following events have occurred subsequent to the period end:
           — On 1 July 2019, APA repaid $99.0 million (USD 75.0 million) of US Private Placement Notes at maturity.
           — On 24 July 2019, APA repaid $289.5 million (CAD 300.0 million) of Medium Term Notes at maturity.
           — On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution of 25.5 cents per security ($300.9 million) for APA Group, an
             increase of 6.3%, or 1.5 cents per security over the previous corresponding period (2H FY2018: 24.0 cents). This is comprised
             of a distribution of 18.97 cents per security from APT and a distribution of 6.53 cents per security from APTIT. The APT
             distribution represents a 8.53 cents per security fully franked profit distribution and 10.44 cents per security capital
             distribution. The APTIT distribution represents a 2.55 cents per security profit distribution and a 3.98 cents per security
             capital distribution. Franking credits of 3.66 cents per security will be allocated to the APT franked profit distribution. The
             distribution is expected to be paid on 11 September 2019.
           Other than what is noted above and as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there has not arisen in the interval between the
           end of the full year to 30 June 2019 and the date of this report any matter or circumstance that has significantly affected,
           or may significantly affect, the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state of affairs, in future
           financial years.
           4. About APA
           4.1 Principal Activities
           The principal activities of APA during the course of the year were the ownership and operation of energy infrastructure assets
           and businesses, including:
           — energy infrastructure, comprising gas transmission, gas storage and processing, and gas-fired and renewable energy
             power generation businesses located across Australia;
           — asset management services for the majority of APA’s energy investments and for third parties; and
           — energy investments in unlisted entities.
           There were no significant changes in the principal activities of APA during the reporting period.




           10 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        4.2 APA overview
                        APA is a leading Australian energy infrastructure business developing, owning and operating energy infrastructure. It owns
                        and/or operates in excess of $21 billion of energy infrastructure assets across Australia, and operates these with a skilled
                        workforce in excess of 1,800 people.
                        APA has a diverse portfolio of over 15,000 kilometres (7) of gas transmission pipelines that spans every state and territory




For personal use only
                        on mainland Australia and delivers about half the nation’s natural gas. It also owns or has interests in other related energy
                        infrastructure assets such as gas storage facilities, gas processing facilities, gas compression facilities, electricity transmission
                        and renewable and gas fired power generation assets.
                        APA has ownership interests in, and/or operates, GDI (EII) Pty Ltd (GDI) and Australian Gas Networks Limited gas distribution
                        networks, which together own approximately 29,000 kilometres of gas mains and pipelines, and around 1.4 million gas
                        consumer connections.
                        APA also has interests in other energy infrastructure assets and businesses, including SEA Gas Pipeline, Mortlake Gas Pipeline,
                        Energy Infrastructure Investments (EII) and North Brown Hill Wind Farm (EII2).
                        APA is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and is included in the S&P ASX 50 Index. Since listing in June 2000,
                        APA’s market capitalisation has increased more than 25-fold to $12.43 billion (8), and it has achieved securityholder returns of
                        17.2% (9) per annum on an annual compounding basis since listing on 13 June 2000 through to 19 August 2019.
                        4.3 APA objectives and strategies
                        APA is committed to delivering solutions for customers that are safe, reliable and cost-effective, so that all of our stakeholders
                        are better off as we work together to create a better energy future.
                        During the reporting period, building on development work commenced in FY2018, APA committed to customer-focused
                        initiatives aimed at ensuring customers, service and value are at the centre of our business. Within APA, the APA Customer
                        Promise was developed and launched throughout the business supported by a multi-year program (Red Dot Program) aimed
                        at aligning our culture, service delivery and processes with the Customer Promise. APA’s Customer Promise is to deliver
                        services our customer’s value demonstrated in three core ways: firstly, listening to understand; secondly, enabling our people
                        to respond; and finally, doing what we say we will do.
                        The second initiative was APA taking a leading role in the establishment of the Energy Charter. The Energy Charter is a
                        whole of energy industry initiative in which signatories commit to giving effect to a number of principles to improve customer
                        outcomes and are held accountable for progress against those commitments. The Energy Charter currently has 18 signatories
                        across the energy supply chain including APA. APA, together with other signatories will be required to report their progress
                        against the Energy Charter principles by 30 September 2019. An Accountability Panel will assess the disclosures and make
                        findings and recommendations for improvement in its report by 30 November 2019.

                          APA’s strategy

                          — Deliver services our customers value consistent with APA’s Customer Promise
                          — Continue to strengthen asset and stakeholder management, development and operational capabilities
                          — Continue our growth focus to enhance APA’s portfolio of:
                              – gas transmission pipelines;
                              – gas-fired and renewable power generation assets; and
                              – midstream energy infrastructure assets, including gas storage and gas processing facilities.
                          — Explore growth opportunities in our core business of gas transmission and distribution in North America
                          — Maintain APA’s financial strength




                          Wallumbilla Compressor Station in Queensland




                        7) Owned and/or operated by APA.
                        8) Market capitalisation as at 19 August 2019.
                        9) Total securityholder return is the capital appreciation of APA’s security price, adjusted for capital management actions (such as security splits and consolidations)
                           and assuming reinvestment of distributions at the ex-distribution rate per security. Figures quoted are sourced from Refinitiv Eikon.

                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 11
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           4.3 APA objectives and strategies (continued)
           APA’s strategy is reviewed and ratified annually by APA’s Board and Executive. This includes APA’s new CEO and Managing
           Director Rob Wheals who was Group Executive Transmission at the time of the FY2019 review. Since commencing in his new
           role in July, Rob has initiated an internal review of APA’s purpose, vision, strategic imperatives and operating model with senior
           leaders throughout the business to ensure we deliver on the company strategy effectively and efficiently. This review is in




For personal use only
           progress at the time of this report being finalised.
           This Review is about how we implement the strategy based on growth that we remain committed to under Rob’s leadership.
           The strategy to grow remains relevant because our customers continue to demand expansion of our energy infrastructure
           for their energy processing and transportation needs, and because we continue to identify value accretive investment in the
           energy infrastructure space. So long as we can continue to add value to each dollar we invest on behalf of Securityholders,
           we will continue to grow APA.
           As previously indicated, APA continues to see significant growth opportunities because of those customer needs. Potential
           projects are spread across Australia and include a mix of all APA’s infrastructure capabilities.
           For example, with buoyant key commodity prices in Western Australia, the resources sector remains strong and offers APA
           several growth opportunities across gas pipelines and power generation. In Western Australia, gas offers our customers a
           very cost effective and reliable energy solution from gas and gas-fired generation over the use of more carbon intensive fuels
           such as diesel.
           In the Northern Territory, the government’s lifting of the gas moratorium on fracking exploration in early 2018 has encouraged
           producers to resume exploration activities and commence discussions regarding connecting gas to markets.
           In eastern Australia, traditional southern gas basin and northern coal seam gas reserves are depleting faster than new
           reserves are being brought on-line, leading to a production decline from existing fields. Tight supply and high gas prices are
           natural economic drivers for developing new gas supply sources. APA is currently completing the Orbost Gas Processing Plant
           in Victoria that will unlock a new gas source by connecting the Sole Gas Field into the east coast market.
           APA has development and gas transportation agreements in place, subject to final investment decisions, by both AGL Energy
           Limited and Santos Limited, that could potentially see APA develop two new pipelines to bring gas from two new potential
           gas supply sources into eastern Australia. These two projects alone if they proceed are expected to require capital investment
           by APA in the order of $700 million. APA also has a Memorandum of Understanding agreement in place with Comet Ridge
           Limited and Vintage Energy Limited, for pipeline route development works for a new 240 kilometre pipeline which could
           unlock new gas supply from the Galilee Basin by connecting it to markets in Queensland. APA has recently been granted a
           Survey Licence to commence field surveys and stakeholder engagement whilst the gas producers continue to investigate the
           economics to support the project.
           APA’s proposed Dandenong Power Station project in Victoria was shortlisted during FY2019 as part of the Federal
           Government’s Underwriting New Generation Investments (UNGI) scheme. Stage 1 of the project comprises of approximately
           220 MW of fast start, efficient gas fuelled power generation with the potential for a further 110 MW capacity if stage 2 is
           developed. APA’s existing Dandenong site is located close to both gas demand and supply centres and can leverage APA’s
           existing energy infrastructure.
           The UNGI process is still in its early investigative phase, during which time APA continues to work on identifying potential
           customers to underwrite the project.
           APA’s operations are currently based wholly within Australia however, we do receive revenue in US dollars from the Wallumbilla
           Gladstone Pipeline. As previously advised to Securityholders, APA is actively working on the assessment of opportunities to
           invest in gas transmission and/or gas network businesses in North America. APA is attracted by the depth and vitality of the
           gas market in the United States of America in particular, and the positive regulatory settings that exist in that market. APA
           has seconded Chief Executive of Strategy and Development Ross Gersbach, to an Executive role based in APA’s Houston
           office, to progress the commitment APA has made to North America, effective end of Q1 FY2020.
           As Australian and global communities move to de-carbonise their economies, APA is ensuring that it understands and
           anticipates the long-term implications for Australia’s energy industry and our business. APA considers that natural gas plays
           an essential role in providing secure and reliable electricity by supporting the integration of renewable energy with flexible,
           peaking power, which will be increasingly required as coal-fired generation is retired and removed from Australia’s energy
           mix over the next 30 years. Importantly, APA advocates that any transition to a lower carbon future should look to avoid
           unaffordable increases in energy costs and declining energy reliability.
           During the reporting period, APA used the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations
           and undertook a climate-risk scenario analysis to assess the risks and opportunities to the business over the next decade to
           2030. As we mature in the use of TCFD, we anticipate that the time horizon used for future scenario analysis will be extended
           beyond ten years to be more consistent with the long-lived nature of our assets.
           Further information on the scenario analysis is in APA’s 2019 Sustainability Report available on APA’s website. This work is part
           of APA’s enterprise wide environmental, social, governance (ESG) review and improvement program that was commenced
           in FY2018.




           12 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        4.4 APA’s roadmap
                        Underpinning APA’s strategy is the APA Way, which is the blueprint for how APA does business. It guides how we conduct
                        our business and helps shape our culture. It sets standards on how we behave through our APA ‘STARS’ values, and how we
                        make decisions, guided by APA’s Decision Compass. The APA Way is embedded in APA’s Code of Conduct (Our Code) that was
                        refreshed and rolled-out during the first half of FY2019.




For personal use only
                        Our ‘STARS’ values set the benchmark for how we operate to ensure business integrity:
                        — Safe, We will maintain a safe environment and a professional workplace where staff work collaboratively, are valued and
                          treated with respect.
                        — Trustworthy, We act with honesty and integrity and accept individual and collective responsibility for the delivery of all
                          business outcomes. We do what we say we are going to do.
                        — Adaptable, We continually respond and adapt to our changing environment by innovating, modifying our behaviour and
                          continually improving our processes and systems to take advantage of opportunities to enhance, improve and grow
                          our business.
                        — Results, We consistently meet our commitments and deliver excellent results to the benefit of our employees, customers,
                          investors and the community through tenacity and perseverance.
                        — Service, We are committed to high quality service delivery achieved through listening, understanding, anticipating and
                          responding to our customer needs.
                        Good decision-making is at the core of successful strategy execution and APA’s Decision Compass sets out clear principles
                        for all our employees, empowering them to make good decisions with confidence. Employees and all decision makers right
                        through to the Board, are encouraged to take a moment and ask “is this decision consistent with each of the key decision
                        compass points” as below:
                        — Do things safely
                        — Take a long term focus
                        — Manage APA money as if it’s our own
                        — Do what we say we do
                        — Know our reputation matters
                        The APA Way puts all employees on the same page, ensuring that the way we work and the many decisions we make are
                        based on consistent values and principles, and are aligned to what we need to execute on our strategy.




                        Pipe laydown for the Murrin Murrin Lateral looping project in Western Australia

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 13
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           4.5 APA assets and operations
           APA’s assets and operations are reported in three principal business segments:
           — Energy Infrastructure includes all of APA’s wholly or majority owned gas pipelines, gas storage, gas compression and
             processing assets and gas-fired and renewable energy power generation assets;
           — Asset Management provides commercial, operating services and/or asset maintenance services to APA’s energy investments




For personal use only
             and third parties for appropriate fees; and
           — Energy Investments includes APA’s strategic stakes in a number of investment vehicles that house energy infrastructure
             assets, generally characterised by long-term secure cash flows, with low ongoing capital expenditure requirements.
           The map below details APA’s assets and investments portfolio:




                                                                                  33




                                                                                                 17

                                                                                                                 33
                                     18          33                                                                         8




                                                                                                                             2
                                                                                           35                                                                                                 35
                                                                                                                                                                                     5

                                                19                                                                                                                                       33
                                                                                                                                                             4                  6    3                 35

                                26         20                                                                                                                                                 1
                                                                     22
                                                           21                                                                                                                   7
                                                                                                                                                                                                       30
                                                                                                                                                                                         33
                                                                                                                                                                                                  33
                                27                    23        24
                                29
                                                                                                                                                    9
                                                                                                                                                                                    12
                                                      25                                                                                       10
                           28
                                                                                                                                                                      11
                                                                                                                        34
                                                                                                            35

                                                                                                                                33


                                                                                                                  31                                             35
                                                                                                                                          13

                                                                                                                                     32                                    15
                                                                                                                       16
                                                                                                                                                        14




           14 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        4.5 APA assets and operations (continued)
                        Energy Infrastructure assets (numbers correspond with those on the map on page 14)                                                                        Length (1)

                        East Coast and Central Region assets
                           Roma Brisbane Pipeline (including Peat Lateral)                                                                                       583 km




For personal use only
                         1

                         2 Carpentaria Gas Pipeline                                                                                                              944 km
                         3 Berwyndale Wallumbilla Pipeline                                                                                                        112 km
                         4 South West Queensland Pipeline                                                                                                        936 km
                         5 Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline (including Laterals)                                                                                   556 km
                         6 Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline                                                                                                        49 km
                         7 Darling Downs Solar Farm                                                                                                             110 MW
                         8 Diamantina and Leichhardt Power Stations                                                                                   242 MW / 60 MW
                         9 Moomba Sydney Pipeline                                                                                                             2,029 km
                        10 Moomba to Sydney Ethane Pipeline                                                                                                    1,375 km
                        11 Central West Pipeline                                                                                                                 255 km
                        12 Central Ranges Pipeline and                                                                                                           295 km
                           Tamworth Gas Network (gas distribution)                                               ~250 km of gas mains, ~3,750 gas consumer connections
                        13 Victorian Transmission System                                                                                                       1,847 km
                        14 Dandenong LNG Storage Facility                                                                                                12,000 tonnes
                        15 Orbost Gas Processing Plant (2) (and connection pipeline)                                                                   12 km / ~70 TJ/d
                        16 SESA Pipeline                                                                                                                           45 km
                        17 Amadeus Gas Pipeline (including Laterals)                                                                                           1,661 km

                        West Australian assets
                        18 Pilbara Pipeline System                                                                                                                                  249 km
                        19 Goldfields Gas Pipeline (88.2%)                                                                                                                        1,546 km
                        20 Agnew Lateral                                                                                                                                             25 km
                        21 Yamarna Gas Pipeline                                                                                                                                     198 km
                        22 Gruyere Power Station                                                                                                                                    45 MW
                        23 Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline                                                                                                                                    5 km
                        24 Eastern Goldfields Pipeline                                                                                                                              293 km
                        25 Kalgoorlie Kambalda Pipeline                                                                                                                              44 km
                        26 Mid West Pipeline (50%)                                                                                                                                  362 km
                        27 Mondarra Gas Storage and Processing Facility                                                                                                               18 PJ
                        28 Parmelia Gas Pipeline                                                                                                                                    448 km
                        29 Emu Downs Wind Farm                                                                                                                                     80 MW
                        29 Emu Downs Solar Farm                                                                                                                                     20 MW
                        29 Badgingarra Wind Farm                                                                                                                                  130 MW
                        29 Badgingarra Solar Farm                                                                                                                                 17.5 MW


                        		                                           Ownership
                        Energy Investment                              interest          Detail

                        30 GDI (EII)                           20%   Gas distribution: Allgas Gas Network ~3,700 km of gas mains,
                        			 ~112,200 gas consumer connections in QLD and NSW
                        31 South East Australia Gas Pty Ltd    50%   Gas pipeline: 687 km SEA Gas Pipeline
                        32 SEA Gas (Mortlake) Partnership      50%   Gas pipeline: 83 km Mortlake Gas Pipeline
                        33 Energy Infrastructure Investments  19.9%  Gas pipelines: Telfer/Nifty Gas Pipelines and lateral (488 km);
                        			 Bonaparte Gas Pipeline (286 km); Wickham Point Pipeline (12 km)
                        			Electricity transmission cables: Murraylink (180 km) and Directlink (64 km)
                        			Gas-fired power stations: Daandine Power Station (30MW)
                        			 and X41 Power Station (41 MW)
                        			Gas processing facilities: Kogan North (12 TJ/d); Tipton West (33 TJ/d)
                        34 EII2                              20.2%   Wind generation: North Brown Hill Wind Farm (132MW), SA
                        35 Australian Gas Networks               Nil Gas distribution: ~25,100 km of gas mains and pipelines, ~1.3 million
                        			 gas consumer connections, 1,124 km of transmission gas pipelines in
                        			 SA, Vic, NSW, Qld & NT



                        1) Pipeline capacities are available online (www.apa.com.au).
                        2) Asset under construction.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 15
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           5. Financial Overview
           Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) and EBIT before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) excluding significant items
           are financial measures not prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards (AIFRS) and represent the profit under AIFRS
           adjusted for specific significant items. The Directors consider these measures to reflect the core earnings of APA Group, and
           therefore these are described in this report as ‘normalised’ measures.




For personal use only
           In FY2019, APA has continued to deliver consistent and sound results for investors, delivering on prudent and sustainable
           growth initiatives, and increasing distribution returns to Securityholders. The 2019 financial year has been a significant year
           for APA with a number of key events and milestones in the business’s 19 year history taking place, including:
           — Commissioning of a number of new infrastructure assets across pipelines, gas fired power generation and renewables;
           — Investment of $462.8 million in growth projects that will contribute to future operating cash flow;
           — Development and launch of two customer-centric initiatives – The Energy Charter developed by Australian energy
             businesses right across the energy supply chain, and APA’s company-wide Customer Promise and Red Dot program;
           — Replacement of over $700 million of higher cost maturing debt with lower cost long term debt, reducing APA’s annual
             interest expense going forward;
           — Receipt of a Scheme of Arrangement acquisition proposal from the CKI Consortium (CKI proposal) was received during 1H
             FY2019 at a transaction value premium of approximately 30% to APA’s volume weighted average security price prior to the
             offer and an FY2018 EV/EBITDA multiple of 15 times. The proposal did not proceed due to a decision by Australia’s Federal
             Treasurer in November 2018 (not to allow the proposed acquisition); and
           — Retirement of APA’s long-standing CEO and Managing Director, Mick McCormack, and internal succession appointment of
             Rob Wheals to the position.
           APA reported EBITDA of $1,573.8 million inclusive of $11.1 million of once-off costs associated with the CKI proposal ($5.8
           million) and the retirement of Mick McCormack ($5.3 million). This result represents an increase of 3.6% or $55.3 million on
           the previous corresponding period EBITDA of $1,518.5 million. APA gave guidance at the 1H FY2019 results that EBITDA for
           the full year period was expected to be within the upper end of the guidance range of $1,550 million to $1,575 million. Given
           the stable nature of APA’s cash flows and long term, take or pay contracts, APA has consistently provided a reliable narrow
           EBITDA guidance range over a number of years.
           Total revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) increased by $89.6 million to $2,031.0 million, an increase of 4.6% on the
           previous corresponding period (FY2018: $1,941.4 million).
           Increased revenues and EBITDA were primarily attributable to:
           — Full year contribution from some of the organic growth projects commissioned in FY2018, including the Reedy Creek
             Wallumbilla Pipeline (QLD), Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline (WA) and the Emu Downs Solar Farm (WA);
           — Part year contributions from recently commissioned growth assets including the Darling Downs Solar Farm (QLD),
             Badgingarra Wind Farm (WA), Yamarna Gas Pipeline (WA), Gruyere Power Station (WA), and Agnew Lateral (WA);
           — Uplift on the Goldfields Gas Pipeline as a result of the new organic expansions on the Eastern Goldfields Pipeline network
             as listed above;
           — Full year contribution from the new contract on the Diamantina Power Station with Capricorn Copper mine; and
           — Favourable USD/AUD exchange rates and annual US CPI escalation in relation to the Wallumbilla Gas Pipeline.
           FY2019 further progressed APA’s largest growth capital expenditure program in the company’s history to-date. $1.4 billion plus
           has been invested in growth projects over the last three financial years. The new growth projects contributed approximately
           $65 million in incremental new revenues during FY2019. This was slightly down on the $70 million figure previously indicated,
           due in the main to minor delays in the commercial operations of Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms. Construction of the
           connection into the transmission grid for these two assets also impacted energy despatched from Emu Downs Wind and
           Solar Farms during the cut-in period. With all projects fully commissioned and operating in FY2020, incremental revenue
           from FY2020 is expected to be in the order of $190 million per annum (from the FY2017 base), increasing in FY2021 to
           approximately $215 million per annum when the Orbost Gas Processing Plant will contribute its first full year of earnings.
           An increase in income tax paid by APA in FY2019 impacted operating cash flow, which decreased 1.9% or $19.5 million to
           $1,012.1 million compared to the previous year (FY2018: $1,031.6 million). Operating cash flow per security decreased 5.4%, or
           4.9 cents, to 85.8 cents per security (FY2018: 90.7 (10) cents per security), due to an increase in income tax paid and the higher
           number of securities on issue, on average, over FY2019. From FY2020, operating cash flow is expected to increase as a result
           of the incremental revenues flowing from the $1.4 billion plus of organic growth projects.




           10) Operating cash flow per security has been adjusted for 1H FY2018 for the Entitlement Offer completed on the 23 March 2018.

           16 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        5. Financial Overview (continued)
                        On 21 August 2019, the Directors announced a final distribution of 25.5 cents per security, which will take APA’s distributions in
                        respect of the financial year to a total of 47.0 cents per security. This is 0.5 cents per security above guidance and represents
                        an increase of 4.4%, or 2.0 cents, over FY2018 distributions of 45.0 cents. Franking credits of 3.66 cents per security will be
                        allocated to the final distribution reflecting the increased tax paid by APA and resulting in the FY2019 franking credits totalling




For personal use only
                        6.86 cents per security. APA maintains a sustainable distribution policy to ensure its ability to fully fund its distributions out
                        of operating cash flows on a going-forward sustainable basis, whilst also retaining appropriate levels of cash in the business
                        to support ongoing growth.
                        APA’s distribution policy is to generally grow distributions in line with operating cash flow growth, having regard for the future
                        capital needs of the business and economic conditions, and ensuring distributions are fully covered by operating cash flow.
                        APA has paid an interim and full year distribution every year for the 19 years the company has been listed, and distributions
                        have consistently grown each year.
                        The following table provides a summary of key financial data for FY2019.
                                                                                                                                                                             Changes
                                                                                                          30 June 2019            30 June 2018
                                                                                                                $000                     $000                         $000                  %

                        Total revenue                                                                           2,452,171              2,386,722                     65,449             2.7%
                        Pass-through revenue (1)                                                                  421,198                445,307                     (24,109)          (5.4%)
                        Total revenue excluding pass-through                                                   2,030,973                 1,941,415                   89,558             4.6%

                        EBITDA                                                                                  1,573,756               1,518,474                     55,282            3.6%
                        Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                   (611,358)               (578,916)                   (32,442)          (5.6%)
                        EBIT                                                                                     962,398                 939,558                     22,840             2.4%
                        Finance costs and interest income                                                        (497,419)              (509,664)                     12,245            2.4%
                        Profit before income tax                                                                 464,979                 429,894                     35,085             8.2%
                        Income tax (expense) / benefit                                                           (176,966)              (165,055)                     (11,911)         (7.2%)
                        Profit after income tax                                                                  288,013                 264,839                      23,174            8.8%

                        Operating cash flow (2)                                                                 1,012,127               1,031,627                   (19,500)           (1.9%)
                        Operating cash flow per security (cents)                                                      85.8                    90.7                       (4.9)         (5.4%)
                        Earnings per security (cents)                                                                 24.4                    23.3                         1.1          4.7%
                        Distribution per security (cents)                                                             47.0                    45.0                        2.0           4.4%
                        Distribution payout ratio (3)                                                              54.8%                    50.1%                       4.7%            9.4%
                        Weighted average number of securities (000)                                             1,179,894               1,136,875    (4)
                                                                                                                                                                      43,019            3.8%

                        Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
                        1) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned.
                        2) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
                        3) Distribution payout ratio = total distribution applicable to the financial year as a percentage of operating cash flow.
                        4) On the 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of fully underwritten pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable
                           renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer), resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2018 of 1,179,893,848. The Entitlement Offer was offered at
                           $7.70 per security, a discount to APA Group's closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the last trading day before the record date of 26
                           February 2018. The number of securities used for FY2018 calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security has been adjusted.




                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 17
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6. Business Segment Performances and Operational Review
           APA reports across three business segments:
           — Energy Infrastructure: APA’s wholly or majority owned energy infrastructure assets across all categories – transmission
             and compression, processing, generation (gas and renewables) and storage;
           — Asset Management: The provision of asset management and operating services for third parties and the majority of APA’s




For personal use only
             investments; and
           — Energy Investments: APA’s interests in energy infrastructure investments.
           Statutory reported revenue and EBITDA performance by business segments is set out below.
                                                                                                                                                                 Changes
                                                                                              30 June 2019             30 June 2018
                                                                                                    $000                      $000                        $000                  %

           Revenue (1)
           Energy Infrastructure
               East Coast: Queensland                                                              1,207,108                1,152,975                     54,132            4.7%
               East Coast: New South Wales                                                           173,594                  166,243                       7,351           4.4%
               East Coast: Victoria                                                                  144,380                  153,166                     (8,786)          (5.7%)
               East Coast: South Australia                                                             3,004                     2,925                         79           2.7%
               Northern Territory                                                                     30,301                   32,861                     (2,560)          (7.8%)
               Western Australia                                                                    340,685                   293,115                     47,570           16.2%
           Energy Infrastructure total                                                             1,899,072               1,801,285                      97,786            5.4%
           Asset Management                                                                           94,398                 108,533                     (14,135)        (13.0%)
           Energy Investments                                                                         28,432                  23,068                       5,364          23.3%
           Other segment revenue                                                                        6,470                   2,678                      3,793          141.7%
           Total segment revenue                                                                  2,028,372                1,935,564                     92,808             4.8%
           Pass-through revenue                                                                       421,198                445,307                     (24,109)          (5.4%)
           Unallocated revenue (2)                                                                      2,601                    5,851                    (3,250)        (55.5%)
           Total revenue                                                                            2,452,171              2,386,722                     65,449             2.7%
           EBITDA

           Energy Infrastructure
               East Coast: Queensland                                                             1,010,063                   962,231                     47,831           5.0%
               East Coast: New South Wales                                                            149,362                 147,095                      2,267            1.5%
               East Coast: Victoria                                                                   113,992                 124,631                   (10,639)           (8.5%)
               East Coast: South Australia                                                              2,051                    2,577                      (526)        (20.4%)
               Northern Territory                                                                       19,171                 22,923                     (3,752)        (16.4%)
               Western Australia                                                                     277,805                  237,639                     40,166           16.9%
           Energy Infrastructure total                                                             1,572,444               1,497,096                      75,347           5.0%
           Asset Management                                                                            52,954                 66,204                     (13,249)       (20.0%)
           Energy Investments                                                                         28,432                  23,068                       5,364          23.3%
           Corporate costs                                                                           (80,074)    (3)
                                                                                                                              (67,894)                    12,180          (17.9%)
           Total EBITDA                                                                            1,573,756                1,518,474                    55,282             3.6%

           Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
           1) Refer to revenue note 4 for additional disclosure on revenue streams from contracts with customers disaggregated by geographical location and major sources.
           2) Interest income is not included in calculation of EBITDA, but nets off against interest expense in calculating net interest cost.
           3) Includes $11.1 million of costs associated with the CKI proposal and the former Managing Director’s retirement.




           18 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        6.1 Energy Infrastructure
                        The Energy Infrastructure segment consists of all APA’s energy infrastructure footprint across mainland Australia including
                        gas transmission, gas compression, gas processing and storage assets, renewable energy power generation, and gas-fired
                        power generation. 91.0% of revenues in this segment are derived from either long-term take-or-pay contracts, or regulated
                        assets. Contracts generally have the majority of the revenue fixed over the term of the relevant contract. The predictable and




For personal use only
                        long-term nature of APA’s revenue underpins APA’s reliable low risk business model value proposition.
                        Energy Infrastructure is the largest business segment contributor to group revenue, contributing 93.5% (excluding pass-
                        through) and 95.1% of group EBITDA (before corporate costs) during the financial year. Revenue (excluding pass-through
                        revenue) was $1,899.1 million, an increase of 5.4% on the previous year (FY2018: $1,801.3 million). EBITDA (before corporate
                        costs) increased by 5.0% on the previous year to $1,572.4 million (FY2018: $1,497.1 million).
                        With the current-day flexible nature of the way we structure our contracts, both in terms of interconnected multi-assets and
                        multi services, revenue and EBITDA outcomes fluctuate on the individual assets that make up APA’s East Coast and West
                        Coast grids. Customers value this flexibility as it provides them with more options to better manage their energy needs in
                        Australia’s very dynamic gas market. That is, they can source gas from in excess of 40 receipt points over the East Coast Grid.
                        In FY2019, increased revenue and EBITDA in Queensland and New South Wales offset reductions in the other eastern Australian
                        states, reflecting the changing nature of gas supply and demand centres. Victoria experienced lower peak injections due to
                        a milder winter in 2018 impacting FY2019 outcomes, and there was reduced export through Culcairn in New South Wales as
                        northern parts of the grid provided more domestic gas to eastern Australia. Queensland benefitted from the first full year
                        contribution from the Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline commissioned in FY2018. The Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline is APA’s
                        largest single contributing asset to earnings, and favourable USD/AUD exchange rate returns on the USD revenues earnt and
                        the annual US CPI increase continue to have a positive impact on Queensland results.
                        New earnings were realised from several completed and commissioned assets during FY2019 including:
                        Gas transmission
                        — Yamarna Gas Pipeline (WA)
                        — Agnew Gas Lateral (WA)
                        Gas-fired and Renewable power generation assets
                        — Gruyere Power Station (WA)
                        — Badgingarra Wind Farm (WA)
                        — Darling Downs Solar Farm (QLD)
                        The Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline, Mt Morgans Gas Pipeline and the Emu Downs Solar Farm all contributed a full year of
                        earnings following commissioning during FY2018.
                        With APA’s Northern Territory assets now connected into the eastern Australia market, this opens up further opportunities
                        for the development of new gas sources in northern Australia, with APA’s assets well placed to facilitate getting that gas to
                        multiple markets. During the reporting period, earnings on the Amadeus Gas Pipeline decreased due to an increase in third
                        party revenue share with the foundation customer.
                        In Western Australia, the growth and expansion of the Goldfields Gas Pipeline network over the last four years has seen
                        around 500 kilometres of greenfield pipeline added to APA’s West Coast Grid, along with additional compression and a power
                        station. This has had a positive flow-on benefit to earnings on the connected Goldfields Gas Pipeline, as gas is transported
                        through up to four APA pipelines to reach customers and their mining operations. In this remote and mineral rich region,
                        gas is delivering both a reliable and cost-effective energy solution for multiple customers along the 2,000 kilometres plus
                        of interconnected pipeline. The sum of the parts of all of these small to medium expansion projects in Western Australia
                        over the last few years resulted in more than a 16% increase in both revenue and EBITDA for FY2019 over the previous
                        corresponding year. This demonstrates the collective impact and benefit of interconnected assets and the ability to offer
                        multi-asset services.
                        APA continues discussions with potential and existing customers across Western Australia regarding opportunities for gas
                        transportation, compression, storage and power generation. APA has signed a GTA on the Goldfields Gas Pipeline with new
                        customer Kalium Lakes Limited to deliver gas to its Beyondie Sulphate of Potash Project. The project is subject to Kalium
                        Lakes final investment decision (FID) anticipated during CY2019 and it is targeting initial production in late 2020. APA has
                        commenced early works on the design of a metering station.
                        With the commissioning of the Gruyere Power Station in Western Australia during the reporting period, APA’s gas-fired
                        power generation capability, including investments, is now over 400 MW. The Diamantina Power Station continued to benefit
                        from increasing energy demand in the Mount Isa region including supplying its newest customer, Capricorn Copper mine with
                        its first full year of energy.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 19
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)

               A multi-asset and service solution in the West ~ meeting customer needs

               In June 2017, APA announced it would invest around $180 million to construct a 198 kilometre gas pipeline and a 45 MW
               power station to supply power to the Gruyere Gold Project in Western Australia. APA’s investment is underpinned by




For personal use only
               a 15 year gas transportation agreement to support the 15 year Electricity Supply Agreement with the Gruyere Gold Project.
               The Gruyere Project is a 50:50 joint venture between
               the ASX listed Gold Road Resources Ltd (ASX:
               GOR) and the global miner Gold Fields Limited.
               Gruyere is expected to produce between 75,000
               and 100,000 ounces of gold in calendar year 2019.
               Once steady state production is achieved, the average
               annual production is forecast at 300,000 ounces.
               The Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Gruyere Power Station
               together have been supplying power throughout 2H
               FY2019, with the mine achieving first gold pour in the
               June 2019 quarter.
               Gruyere Management commented “For the Gruyere
               project, APA’s bundled energy solution with a single
               interface has been effective in simplifying the
               Project’s operations.”                                                    Gruyere Power Station connected to the Yamarna Gas Pipeline in Western Australia




           Energy Infrastructure Revenue by State                                                     Energy Infrastructure EBITDA by State
           A$ m                                                                   90%                 A$ m


           1,600
                                                                                  80%                 1,200

           1,200
                                                                                   70%                800
           800

                                                                                  60%                 400
           400


           0                                                                      50%                 0
                        FY16          FY17             FY18            FY19                                        FY16             FY17              FY18             FY19
               WA       NT     SA       VIC     NSW           QLD      EBITDA margin                      WA      NT        SA       VIC       NSW           QLD




           Energy Infrastructure EBITDA by Asset

           FY19


           FY18


           FY17


           FY16


                   0           150            300          450           600             750          900          1,050          1,200         1,350          1,500          A$ m
               Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline       South West Queensland Pipeline             Roma Brisbane Pipeline         Carpentaria Gas Pipeline
               Diamantina Power Station             Darling Downs Solar Farm                   Other Qld assets               Moomba Sydney Pipeline and other NSW pipelines
               Victorian Transmission System        SESA Pipeline and other SA assets          Amadeus Gas Pipeline           Goldfields Gas Pipeline
               Eastern Goldfields Pipeline          Emu Downs Wind and Solar Farms             Pilbara Pipeline System        Mondarra Gas Storage and Processing Facility
               Other WA assets                      Gruyere Power Station                      Badgingarra Wind Farm




           20 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        6.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)

                          Renewable generation ~ responding to customer needs

                          APA’s entry into renewables began in late 2009 with an investment in the North Brown Hill 132 MW Wind Farm in South
                          Australia through the EII2 consortium (APA: 20.2% share). In 2011, APA acquired the 80 MW Emu Downs Wind Farm in




For personal use only
                          Western Australia along with the development rights for an adjacent 130 MW site. This acquisition was underpinned by a
                          20 year revenue contract with Synergy, the Western Australia government owned energy retailer.
                          During APA’s largest organic growth expansion period from FY2017 to FY2019, APA added the following renewable
                          assets to its power generation portfolio: 20 MW Emu Downs Solar Farm; 130 MW Badgingarra Wind Farm; 17.5 MW
                          Badgingarra Solar Farm (commissioned in August 2019); and the 110 MW Darling Downs Solar Farm. This gives APA a
                          renewables generation portfolio (wholly owned and investments) of almost 490 MW.
                          A number of factors originally steered APA in the direction of extending its energy infrastructure into renewables including
                          government policy, the quality of the wind resource available at the assets acquired, the quality of the offtake customers,
                          and project returns that met APA’s investment return hurdles. Those assets have proven to be solid investments and
                          10 years on, APA has the expertise in building and operating a material renewables portfolio. APA has also co-located
                          solar generation on wind farm sites, taking advantage of shared transmission connection infrastructure and the
                          complementary characteristics of the resources.
                                                                                                                         In recent years, the driver for more renewables
                                                                                                                         has been customer demand, with customers
                                                                                                                         wanting more wind and solar generation within
                                                                                                                         their portfolios and the accompanying Large Scale
                                                                                                                         Renewable Certificates. Our renewable energy
                                                                                                                         customers now include AGL Energy, Synergy, Origin
                                                                                                                         Energy and Alinta Energy who are all existing gas
                                                                                                                         transmission customers of APA.
                                                                                                                         Going forward, APA will continue to invest in
                                                                                                                         energy infrastructure assets that our customers
                                                                                                                         want us to invest in and are prepared to underwrite
                                                                                                                         with long-term contracts that satisfy our
                                                                                                                         investment criteria. In FY2019, earnings generated
                                                                                                                         from wholly owned renewables amounted to
                                                                                                                         around 3% of total revenue and EBITDA. Current
                                                                                                                         development projects in the renewables space
                                                                                                                         include APA’s Beelbee Solar Farm site located
                                                                                                                         adjacent to the recently completed Darling Downs
                                                                                                                         Solar Farm in Queensland. This site has the
                                                                                                                         potential for an additional approximately 150 MW
                                                                                                                         of solar generation. Studies to-date indicate that
                                                                                                                         Beelbee’s electricity network location benefits
                                                                                                                         from a stable and attractive Marginal Loss Factor
                          Darling Downs Solar Farm in Queensland                                                         should the site be developed.


                        Working with customers – solutions, service and flexibility
                        During the reporting period, APA announced a variation to an existing multi-asset GTA on the East Coast Grid to replace
                        an expiring GTA. The arrangements make particular use of the Roma Brisbane Pipeline to help meet the electricity needs of
                        consumers in Queensland, especially during the summer season. Total revenue in the order of $40 million is expected from the
                        GTA over the next three years, with revenue already contributing to FY2019 earnings.
                        APA is continually working with customers to add value to the services we provide in order to optimise their energy needs.
                        Also commencing in January 2019 was a two year contract extension for southerly services on APA’s East Coast Grid which
                        contributed to FY2019 earnings.
                        Many of the solutions developed with our customers are bespoke to their specific requirements. The interconnected nature of
                        APA’s gas transportation grids facilitates access to multi-assets and services that give customers the flexibility they want to
                        optimise their energy portfolios.
                        Incitec Pivot Limited (IPL) is a foundation customer of APA. Its Gibson Island fertiliser plant near Brisbane had been facing
                        the threat of closure due to difficulties in sourcing an affordable energy supply over the last few years. Despite gas sources
                        near IPL’s southeast Queensland location, the local gas price was untenable. Working with IPL, and collaborating with a
                        gas producer and another gas pipeline operator, an innovative solution was developed to secure affordable gas from 3,300
                        kilometres away for calendar year 2019.
                        In June 2019, the Queensland government announced APLNG-Armour Joint Venture as the preferred tenderer for a highly-
                        prospective gas tenement in the Surat Basin, adjacent to mature APLNG-operated tenements. Under the tender conditions,
                        gas can only be sold to Australian manufacturing businesses, with gas supplied under agreements associated with the APLNG
                        Armour Joint Venture tender from 1 April 2020. This agreement led to APA further announcing in June 2019 a variation to the
                        GTA with IPL which extends a service under the GTA through to 1 January 2023.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 21
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
           Increasingly, gas producers are tendering on gas tenement releases in Queensland, many of which are conditioned for
           domestic-only supply. The interconnected nature of the East Coast Grid, expanded in recent years by the Reedy Creek
           Wallumbilla Pipeline, strongly positions APA as part of the solution in transporting these new domestic gas supplies from
           Queensland, into the eastern Australian domestic market.




For personal use only
           During the reporting period, APA signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Comet Ridge Limited and Vintage Energy
           Limited to commence an in-field work program to select a pipeline route to connect the Queensland Galilee Basin to gas
           markets. The proposed 240 kilometre Galilee Moranbah Pipeline and associated infrastructure would be built, owned
           and operated by APA. Importantly, it will connect the new gas supply source in the Galilee Basin to Moranbah in Central
           Queensland, which is the gas processing and distribution hub for northern Bowen Basin gas resources. In July 2019, APA was
           granted a Survey Licence by the Queensland Government that enables APA to further progress pipeline route investigations
           for the Galilee Moranbah Pipeline and commence engagement with a range of project stakeholders.

               Above and beyond for customers ~ using our interconnected grid to its full potential

               The gas market in Australia is now extremely dynamic and no two days are the same as demand requirements change
               and supply, particularly on the east coast, can be sourced from multiple options from north to south and west. Plant
               outages, either planned maintenance or unplanned events, and climate related disasters, such as floods and cyclones,
               can also impact day-to-day scheduling.
               Fast response is required to manage any of these events in order to 1) maintain our customers’ operations and minimise
               the impact on them as well as their customers; 2) maintain the integrity of the system for all users; and 3) minimise any
               wastage of gas. APA’s Integrated Operations Centre (IOC) in Brisbane is able to provide fast response solutions as it houses
               the combined skills of commercial, operational and maintenance personnel with oversight and control of all APA assets.
               During FY2019, APA assisted customers in managing a delayed start-up phase post a major shutdown and an unplanned
               shutdown by providing parking services and re-distributing line-pack throughout its East Coast Grid. In February 2019,
               the widespread flooding across North Queensland impacted manufacturing plants along the Carpentaria Gas Pipeline
               for several months. IPL’s Phosphate Hill operations were suspended due to flooding damaging the rail infrastructure and
               they sought APA’s assistance to divert their gas to other users and buyers across APA’s East Coast Grid. APA was able to
               utilise both the newly commissioned (in December 2018) bi-directional function of the Carpentaria Gas Pipeline and the
               South West Queensland Pipeline, to transport that gas into the east coast gas market.
               It’s this quick and flexible response of providing workable solutions for our customers, that has become a valued service
               of both APA’s IOC and our 7,600 kilometres of interconnected East Coast Grid assets.


           Over the last three years, a number of new regulatory initiatives were introduced to improve information symmetry and
           transparency between customers and pipeline operators for non-scheme pipelines as defined under Part 23 of the National
           Gas Rules (NGR). This has included publishing APA’s pricing methodologies and the introduction of a commercial arbitration
           process if negotiating parties cannot reach commercial agreement.
           In FY2019, further initiatives were implemented including the publishing of financial statements and associated information
           (October 2018) and a pipeline capacity trading reform package under Parts 24 and 25 of the NGR (March 2019).
           The pipeline capacity trading reforms included a trading platform operated by the Australian Energy Market Operator
           (AEMO) to facilitate the secondary trading of firm pipeline capacity between shippers, and a daily auction platform for any
           un-nominated contracted shipper capacity on all major pipelines, also run by AEMO.
           APA invested significantly in setting up for these services, with incremental capital and ongoing operating costs in relation
           to Parts 24 and 25 recoverable under the NGR. The design, development and implementation process took over a year and
           included customer training on how to use the new services. Since commencement on 1 March 2019 until the end of July 2019
           reporting year, no capacity has been traded by shippers. However, the auction platform has accommodated the equivalent of
           3.75 PJ of gas transported, providing additional liquidity into the east coast domestic market.
           APA is supportive of mechanisms that help improve liquidity and transparency into Australia’s gas market whilst maintaining
           appropriate investment incentives. With the full range of Gas Market Reform Group initiatives now in place, APA’s view is that
           time needs to be allowed for the market to have the opportunity to fully utilise the additional information disclosures and new
           facilities before any further reforms are considered.
           APA continues to work closely with our customers to meet their individual needs and the range of new contracts and contract
           variations as detailed above with both large entities and smaller customers, demonstrates APA’s willingness to facilitate
           fair commercial outcomes for all parties. APA’s assets are built for long-term use with Australia’s oldest gas pipeline, the
           Roma Brisbane Pipeline, celebrating 50 years of operations in 2019. As a result, our customer relationships have been formed
           over many years and we are proud that we have continued to commercially negotiate with our customers and that the
           independent arbitration facility has not been required to resolve negotiation impasse.




           22 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        6.1 Energy Infrastructure (continued)
                        APA’s value proposition
                        APA offers investors a solid value proposition that brings together the combination of high quality energy infrastructure,
                        continued organic growth and a low risk business model.
                        In FY2019, 91% of Energy Infrastructure revenue (excluding pass-through) was from contracted and regulated revenues.




For personal use only
                        Specifically, 79.8% of Energy Infrastructure revenue (excluding pass-through) was from take-or-pay capacity reservation
                        charges from long term offtake agreements, 2.9% from other contracted fixed revenues and 8.1% from throughput charges
                        and other variable components. Given the dynamic east coast gas market, there were some additional revenues from the
                        provision of flexible short term and other services, accounting for less than 1%.
                        The regulated portion of APA’s revenue which is predominantly derived from the Victorian Transmission System makes up
                        8.3% of total FY2019 Energy Infrastructure revenue. Supporting APA’s cash flow stability is the company’s contract profile,
                        which has a revenue weighted average contract tenor of in excess of 12 years. The very nature of APA’s revenue streams
                        provides for predictability and cash flow stability contributing to APA’s low risk business model.

                        FY2019 Energy Infrastructure by Revenue Type                                        APA Pipelines by Regulation Type(a)
                                                                   Capacity charge revenue: 79.8%               Full regulation pipelines
                                                                   Regulated revenue: 8.3%                      Light regulation pipelines
                                                                   Contracted fixed revenue: 2.9%               Non-scheme pipelines
                                                                   Throughput charge &                      a) Owned and/or operated by APA
                                                                   other variable revenue: 8.1%
                                                                   Flexible short term services: 0.8%
                                                                   Other: 0.1%



                                                                  91.0 %
                                                                  take or pay/regulated




                        APA manages its counterparty risk in a variety of ways. One aspect is to consider customers’ credit ratings. During FY2019,
                        92.9% of Energy Infrastructure revenue was received from investment grade counterparties. Diversification of customer base
                        is another strength of APA’s business, with our customers split across the energy, utility, resources and industrial sectors, as
                        shown in the chart below.

                        FY2019 Energy Infrastructure Revenues                                               FY2019 Energy Infrastructure Revenues
                        by Counterparty Credit Rating                                                       by Customer Industry Segment

                                                                    A- rated or better: 45.0%                                                             Energy: 48.3%
                                                                    BBB and BBB+: 38.2%                                                                   Utilities: 23.6%
                                                                    Other Investment Grade (1): 9.7%                                                      Resources: 21.3%
                                                                    Not rated: 6.8%                                                                       Industrials & Others: 6.8%
                                                                    Sub-investment grade: 0.3%



                                                                  92.9 %
                                                                  Investment grade




                        1) An investment grade credit rating from either S&P (BBB- or better) or Moody’s (Baa3 or better), or a joint venture with an investment grade average rating
                           across owners. Ratings shown as equivalent to S&P’s rating scale.




                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 23
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6.2 Asset Management
           APA provides asset management and operational services to the majority of its energy investments and to a number of third
           parties. Its main customers are Australian Gas Networks Limited (AGN) (11), Energy Infrastructure Investments and GDI (EII).
           Asset management services are provided to these customers under long-term contracts. Included in this reporting segment
           are Customer Contributions from Transmission third party projects.




For personal use only
           APA has the expertise and diversified skillset to provide whole-of-life asset management and operational services for high
           voltage power, power generation, gas rotating plant and equipment, stationary engines, gas transmission pipelines and gas
           distribution networks. These services also include asset inspection, vegetation management, aerial patrols, metering services
           and specialist utility asset services.
           Revenue (excluding pass-through revenue) from asset management services decreased by $14.1 million or 13.0% to $94.4
           million (FY2018: $108.5 million) and EBITDA (excluding corporate costs) decreased by $13.2 million or 20.0% to $53.0 million
           (FY2018: $66.2 million). This was due to reduced Customer Contribution activity in FY2019 compared to the previous year, and
           an outperformance in the incentive fee achieved in FY2018 for Network services that was not repeated in FY2019.
           Customer contributions are payments received from a third party for APA to undertake work on the assets it manages to
           accommodate that third party’s project. Customer contributions for FY2019 were $11.7 million compared to $18.0 million
           in FY2018. This was due to the completion of a number of significant projects during FY2018, including connection of the
           Northern Gas Pipeline into both APA’s Amadeus Gas Pipeline and the Carpentaria Gas Pipeline, and less project activity
           in Victoria compared to the previous reporting period. The long term average per annum of Customer Contributions over
           the last five years remains at approximately $12 million per annum. APA continues to expect annual swings in customer
           contributions, as these are driven by customer requirements.

           Asset Management Revenue                                                                   Asset Management EBITDA
           A$ m                                                                                       A$ m

           100                                                                                        60

                                                                                                      50
           80
                                                                                                      40
           60
                                                                                                      30
           40
                                                                                                      20

           20                                                                                         10

           0                                                                                          0
                        FY16              FY17            FY18               FY19                                 FY16              FY17              FY18                FY19
                One-off Customer Contributions                                                             One-off Customer Contributions
                Underlying Asset Management Revenue                                                        Underlying Asset Management EBITDA


           Note: From FY17 onwards, DPS and the Ethane Pipeline became fully owned assets and are managed within APA’s Energy Infrastructure segment and therefore
           no asset management fees earnt.



           Customer Contributions                                                                     APA Operated Gas Networks Statistics
           20                                                                                         1.45 (million)                                                (km) 30,000



           15                                                                                         1.40
                                                                                                                                                                            29,000
                        Average ~$12m p.a.
           10                                                                                         1.35


                                                                                                                                                                           28,000
           5                                                                                          1.30



           0                                                                                          1.25                                                                  27,000
                   FY15            FY16          FY17         FY18           FY19                               FY16         FY17              FY18                FY19
                                                                                                             Gas consumer connections (LHS)            Networks managed (RHS)


           The Asset Management segment continues to see strong demand for gas connections in new housing developments in
           Victoria, with an observed slowing in South Australia and Queensland of gas connections growth compared to previous years.




           11) APA sold its 33.05% stake in Envestra (subsequently renamed Australian Gas Networks or AGN) in August 2014, however, the operating and maintenance
               agreements remain on foot until 2027.

           24 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        6.3 Energy Investments
                        APA has interests in a number of complementary energy investments across Australia.
                        Asset and ownership interests                                                   Asset details an APA services                 Partners
                        Mortlake Gas Pipeline                                   50%                     83 km gas pipeline                            Rest




For personal use only
                                                                                SEA Gas                 connecting the Otway
                                                                                (Mortlake)              Gas Plant to the Mortlake
                                                                                Partnership             Power Station
                                                                                                          MAINTENANCE

                        SEA Gas Pipeline                                        50%                     687 km gas pipeline from                      Rest
                                                                                South East              Iona and Port Campbell
                                                                                Australia               in Victoria to Adelaide
                                                                                Gas Pty Ltd
                                                                                                          MAINTENANCE


                        North Brown Hill                                        20.2%                   132 MW wind farm in                           Infrastructure Capital Group
                        Wind Farm                                               EII2                    South Australia                               Osaka Gas


                                                                                                          CORPORATE SERVICES

                        Allgas Gas                                              20%                     ~3,700 km Allgas gas                          Marubeni Corporation
                        Distribution Network                                    GDI (EII)               distribution network                          State Super
                                                                                                        in Queensland with
                                                                                                        ~112,500 connections

                                                                                                          CORPORATE SERVICES                          OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT

                        Daandine and X41                                        19.9%                   Gas-fired power generation                    MM Midstream Investments
                        Power Stations                                          Energy                  71 MW                                         Osaka Gas
                        Kogan North and Tipton                                  Infrastructure          Gas processing facilities
                        West Processing Plants                                  Investments             45 TJ/day
                        Directlink and Murraylink                                                       Electricity transmission cables
                        Electricity Interconnectors                                                     244 km
                        Nifty and Telfer Gas Pipelines                                                  Gas pipelines totaling 786 km
                        Wickham Point and                                                                 CORPORATE SERVICES                          OPERATIONAL MANAGEMENT
                        Bonaparte Gas Pipelines

                                                                                                                 Energy Investments Revenue & EBITDA
                        APA’s ability to manage these investments and provide                                    A$ m
                        operational and/or corporate support services gives it
                        flexibility in the way it grows the business and harnesses
                        expertise in-house, thereby delivering services from a lower                             20

                        cost base due to portfolio synergies.
                                                                                                                 10
                        EBITDA from Energy Investments increased by 23.3% for
                        the reporting period to $28.4 million (FY2018: $23.1 million).
                                                                                                                 0
                        6.4 Corporate Costs                                                                                FY16               FY17                FY18              FY19
                        Corporate costs for FY2019 were $80.1 million. This
                        includes $11.1 million of one-off costs associated with the                              Corporate Costs
                        CKI proposal during the first half of the reporting period
                                                                                                                 A$ m                                                                       %
                        and the former Managing Director’s retirement.
                                                                                                                 1,500
                        Corporate costs (net of one-off costs) for FY2019 were                                                                                                               8
                        $69.0 million compared to $67.9 million for the previous                                 1,200
                                                                                                                                                                                             6
                        corresponding period. This is a 1.6% increase compared to                                900                                                                (1)
                        the 4.4% increase in EBITDA (excluding the impact of the                                                                                                             4
                        one-off cost) during the reporting period.                                               600                                                                (2)


                                                                                                                 300                                                                         2
                        APA continues to remain vigilant in keeping corporate
                        costs contained. Nonetheless, corporate costs (net of                                    0                                                                           0
                        one-off costs) increased 3.4% across FY2017 to FY2019,                                           FY14       FY15       FY16        FY17          FY18     FY19
                        compared to EBITDA (net of one-off costs) increasing                                          Corporate costs (LHS)       EBITDA (LHS)
                        7.8% for the same period. The majority of the increase has                                    Corporate costs/EBITDA (3) (RHS)
                        been as a result of the additional costs associated with
                                                                                                                 1) Includes $11.1 million of costs associated with the CKI proposal
                        compliance reviews and other newly introduced regulatory                                    and the former Managing Director’s retirement.
                        requirements.                                                                            2) Corporate costs excluding one-off items.
                                                                                                                 3) EBITDA excluding corporate cost.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 25
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7. Capital and Investment Expenditure
           Total capital expenditure (including growth projects and stay-in-business capital expenditure but excluding acquisitions and
           other investing cash flows) for FY2019 was $581.3 million (FY2018: $855.5 million). There were no acquisitions undertaken in
           FY2019 and therefore no investment expenditure. During FY2019, the focus has been on APA’s single largest capex expenditure
           program in the company’s history, with APA investing more than $1.4 billion across the three year period of FY2017 to FY2019.




For personal use only
           Capital and investment expenditure for FY2019 is detailed in the table below.
           Capital and investment		                                                                                                          30 Jun 2019          30 Jun 2018
           expenditure (1)         Description of major projects                                                                               ($ million)          ($ million)

           Growth expenditure
           Regulated                                  Victorian–Northern Interconnect expansion,
                                                      Warragul looping and Western Outer Ring Main (WORM)                                              30.6                  33.0
           Non-regulated
           Queensland                                 Darling Downs Solar Farm, Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pipeline                                        17.8                199.2
           New South Wales                            Victorian–Northern Interconnect expansion, Western Slopes
                                                      Pipeline early works, Moomba Sydney Pipeline Southern
                                                      Haul and Maximum Operating Pressure Expansion                                                     15.6                 10.7
           Victoria                                   Orbost Gas Processing Plant, early works on Crib Point
                                                      to Pakenham Pipeline                                                                             175.2                116.7
           Western Australia                          Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Gruyere Power Station,
           and Northern Territory                     Emu Downs Solar Farm, Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms,
                                                      Agnew Lateral and the Murrin Compressor Station                                                  192.7                369.1
           Customer contribution                      Includes Capacity Trading and Auction Grid
           projects and others                        enhancements and other recoverable expenditure                                                   30.9                  14.2
           Sub-total non-regulated capex		                                                                                                            432.2                709.9
           Total growth capex		                                                                                                                       462.8                 742.9

           Stay-in business capex (2)		                                                                                                                 93.5                 85.9
           Other technology expenditure		                                                                                                               24.9                 26.7
           Total capital expenditure		                                                                                                                581.3                855.5
           Investment and acquisitions		                                                                                                                   —                20.0 (3)
           Total capital and investment expenditure                                                                                                   581.3                875.5

           Numbers in the table may not add up due to rounding.
           1) The capital expenditure shown in this table represents net cash used in investing activities as disclosed in the cash flow statement, and excludes accruals brought
              forward from the prior period and carried forward to next period.
           2) Represents stay-in-business capital expenditure not recoverable from customers and/or regulatory frameworks.
           3) Represents the purchase price for the Orbost Gas Processing Plant.

           Growth project expenditure in FY2019 of $462.8 million (FY2018: $742.9 million) was largely related to the following projects
           during the year:
           — Construction and completion of the Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Gruyere Power Station, and Agnew Lateral, all located in
             WA and interconnected with the Goldfields Gas Pipeline and/or the Eastern Goldfields Pipeline;
           — Construction of the Murrin Compressor Station and commencement of engineering and procurement for the Murrin
             Murrin lateral looping project;
           — Construction of the Darling Downs Solar Farm (QLD) and Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms (WA);
           — Construction/upgrade of the Orbost Gas Processing Plant in Victoria, which is now scheduled to deliver first sales gas in
             Q4 CY2019; and
           — Ongoing pre-investigative and preliminary license approval undertakings for the proposed (subject to customer FID)
             Western Slopes Pipeline and Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline projects.
           Growth capital expenditure is fully underwritten through long-term contractual arrangements or has regulatory approval
           through a relevant access arrangement.
           Stay in business (SIB) capex increased to $93.5 million in FY2019 from $85.9 million in FY2018, an increase of 8.8%. The
           increase correlates to the size and scope of APA’s diverse energy infrastructure portfolio and remains in line with the long term
           asset management planning cycle across our assets.




           26 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7. Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)
                        Capital expenditure also includes ongoing business and technology spend – reflecting the continuing growth of the business
                        and regulatory changes over the last two years. APA’s Information and Technology (I&T) function works collaboratively with
                        all APA divisions to deliver modern I&T solutions and services, which are secure, compliant and contribute to the organisation's
                        strategic objectives and goals as the business continues to grow. In FY2019, $24.9 million (FY2018: $26.7 million) was invested




For personal use only
                        in I&T related solutions, services and infrastructure.

                          Grid Analytics ~ turning data into an asset

                          In 2016, APA established a Data Analytics program with the objective of enabling more efficient, informed and timely
                          decision making. APA treats data as an asset and we have set about building a sustainable, unified analytics platform
                          with consistent tools and processes being applied across the entire business.
                          Our trusted data set, which is
                          comprised of data from multiple
                          enterprise systems, has grown since
                          the program commenced and now
                          encompasses approximately over
                          4TB of data across 22 billion rows.
                          So how do we turn this
                          data into an asset?
                          Example: Within APA’s Integrated
                          Operations Centre (IOC) a visual
                          representation of the Grid is being
                          used to proactively monitor flow
                          and capacity, whilst another data
                          model is used to track customer
                          requests and anticipate demand.
                          This enables APA to deliver critical
                          customer outcomes and improved
                          customer service.


                        Growth projects
                        APA’s significant FY2017 to FY2019 growth capex program has resulted in:
                        — Approximately 272 kilometres of new-build pipelines added to APA’s footprint;
                        — More than 300 MW of new power generation including over 275 MW from renewable assets; and
                        — The connection of a new source of gas supply into the east coast gas market via APA’s newest gas processing facility and
                          connecting pipeline in Victoria.
                        An update on the major projects undertaken in FY2019 is as follows:
                        Yamarna Gas Pipeline and Gruyere Power Station (WA): Underwriting these two projects are a 15-year gas transportation
                        agreement and a 15-year electricity supply agreement for the Gruyere Gold Project, a 50:50 joint venture between ASX listed
                        Gold Road Resources Ltd and the global miner Gold Fields Limited. The 198 kilometre pipeline was completed in FY2018 and
                        commissioned in FY2019. Practical completion of the 45 MW power station occurred in late 2018. APA has been supplying
                        power to the mine since January 2019, helping the mine meet the significant milestone of “first gold pour” in the June 2019
                        quarter. Full loads are expected in FY2020 as the mine commissioning progresses towards full operation.
                        Darling Downs Solar Farm (QLD): This 110 MW solar farm is underwritten by a 12 year contract with Origin Energy. APA
                        assumed the principal contractor role in December 2018 following the collapse of the EPC contractor RCR Tomlinson in
                        November 2018. Through our strong project management capabilities and contract management expertise, APA was able
                        to complete construction of the solar farm within budget and commence operations without loss of budgeted revenue.
                        Commercial operations commenced in January 2019.
                        Badgingarra Wind and Solar Farms: Both projects are underpinned by a 17 year agreement with Alinta Energy. The 130 MW
                        wind farm was commissioned and commenced commercial operations in January 2019. Construction of the 17.5 MW solar
                        farm has been completed and is expected to commence commercial operation in August 2019.
                        Orbost Gas Processing Plant: APA acquired the moth-balled processing plant in FY2018. Extensive refurbishment work has
                        been carried out on the plant during FY2019 to enable the processing of up 70 TJ/day of gas from Cooper Energy’s Sole gas
                        field. Commissioning is expected to commence in early September to ensure delivery of first sales gas during Q4 CY2019.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 27
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           7.     Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)

                Helping customers gear up for peak demand ~ smart initiatives like the Moomba Sydney Pipeline Southern Haul project

                Reliability of energy supply when it is needed is what we all expect – energy on demand. Our expectations as consumers
                increase during peak demand periods when temperatures are high in summer, or when we need heating in winter. We




For personal use only
                expect that we can flick a switch and our expectations will be instantly met every time. The strain on the National
                Electricity Market (NEM) across eastern Australia has been increasing over the past few years with the retirement of
                aging coal-fired generators. As a result, the NEM is being put under increased pressure at peak capacity times. Some
                renewable energy has been added into the network system, but it does not necessarily generate energy when it is needed,
                and when it does, the technology is not yet available to store significant amounts of energy for when it might be needed.
                Gas is able to provide the reliable, fast start cleaner energy that is needed. To help alleviate this situation quickly, APA
                took the initiative and committed to the Southern Haul Reliability and Expansion project on the Moomba Sydney Pipeline.
                This has involved pre-investing in capital works to increase operating pressures in some sections, renewing and improving
                critical control systems and spending capital on compressor reliability. The outcome of this will be APA being able to
                provide up to 27 TJ/day of additional capacity from winter 2019 onwards, to meet our customer’s requirements so they
                can meet consumer demand expectations.


           APA is working with producers throughout eastern Australia to bring more gas to market. During FY2019, APA signed a
           Memorandum of Understanding with Comet Ridge Limited and Vintage Energy Limited to commence an in-field work
           program to select a pipeline route to connect the Queensland Galilee Basin to eastern gas markets. This will be a significant
           pipeline project for APA with important beneficial outcomes for the tight eastern Australian gas market.
           In March 2019, the Federal Government announced APA’s proposed Dandenong Power Station project as a shortlisted project
           under its Underwriting New Generation Investments (UNGI) scheme. The UNGI program aims to provide financial support to
           facilitate the development of new firm generation capacity in the NEM. APA’s proposed power station would offer customers
           very fast start, efficient electricity generation and would be designed to support and complement penetration of the NEM
           by renewables. Located adjacent to APA’s existing Dandenong gas storage facilities, the proposed site of the power station is
           ideally located close to both gas demand and supply and would leverage APA’s existing infrastructure. It has been designed as
           a two-stage project with stage 1 comprising 12 fast start gas fuelled reciprocating engines with a capacity of approximately
           220 MW. Stage 2 would deliver an additional six units generating approximately 110 MW of gas-fired power. The UNGI process
           is still in the very early stages of project assessment at this time, and APA continues to work on identifying a customer to
           underwrite the project.
           Preliminary work continued during the reporting period on the proposed pipeline projects with AGL Energy Limited and Santos
           Limited, both of whom continue to work through the feasibility of their own significant projects.
           APA entered into a Development Agreement with AGL Energy Limited in June 2018 for the development and construction
           of the approximate 60 kilometre Crib Point Pakenham Pipeline, subject to AGL achieving FID on their proposed Crib Point
           Gas Import Jetty Project in Victoria. AGL have indicated they expect the outcome of the Environmental Effects Statement
           to occur no earlier than late FY2020, following which AGL expects to move to FID. If AGL approve their proposed import jetty
           project, AGL expects first gas to be delivered to Crib Point in the second half of FY2022.
           Similarly, APA has an agreement in place, subject to FID by Santos Limited of its Narrabri Gas Project, to potentially
           develop and build a new approximately 460 kilometre pipeline to be called the Western Slopes Pipeline, connecting the
           Narrabri gas resource to the east coast gas market. Over the last year, APA has continued to work on various approvals
           and landowner engagements for both projects. Additional details of APA’s project engagement is included in APA’s FY2019
           Sustainability Report.
           If both projects achieve FID approval, they will provide much needed new sources of gas supply into Australia’s east coast
           market. More gas supply is expected to put downward pressure on the high gas prices that domestic manufacturers and
           consumers are currently faced with.


           APA’s growth capex history
           A$ m




           600



                                                          5 year average ~$421m p.a.
           400
                                                          10 year average ~$338m p.a.


           200




           0
                           FY15                             FY16                             FY17                             FY18                             FY19



           28 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7. Capital and Investment Expenditure (continued)                              Capital and investment expenditure
                        APA has a strong history of investing in energy                                A$ m
                        infrastructure and since listing, has invested well
                        over $14 billion into Australia’s energy infrastructure                        800
                        network. Over the last 10 years on average, APA has




For personal use only
                        invested over $300 million per annum of growth capex,                          600
                        and in the last five years that average has increased to
                        around $421 million per annum.                                                 400

                        APA continues to work closely with customers on
                                                                                                       200
                        a range of capex project opportunities and continues to
                        expect growth capital expenditure to be in the order of
                                                                                                       0
                        $300 to $400 million per annum over the next two to
                                                                                                                      FY16                 FY17                FY18                FY19
                        three years.
                                                                                                           Acquisitions & other investment cash flows
                                                                                                           Growth capex
                                                                                                           SIB & other IT capex
                        8. Financing Activities
                        8.1 Capital Management
                        As at 30 June 2019, APA had 1,179,893,848 securities on issue. This is unchanged from 30 June 2018.
                        APA funds its growth with appropriate levels of equity, cash retained in the business and debt, in order to maintain strong
                        BBB and Baa2 credit ratings.
                        As at 30 June 2019, APA had $1.9 billion in cash and committed undrawn facilities available to assist in the ongoing funding of
                        the business and planned growth activities looking ahead.
                        At 30 June 2019 APA had $9,352.1 million ($8,810.4 million as at 30 June 2018) of committed drawn debt facilities, with an
                        additional $1,550 million of undrawn committed bank facilities available to the business.
                        APA has issued debt into a diverse range of global bond and banking markets, such as US Private Placement Notes, Medium
                        Term Notes in several currencies (Australian and Canadian dollars, Euros, Sterling and Japanese Yen), United States 144A
                        Notes and Australian dollar Syndicated and Bilateral bank facilities. The debt portfolio has a broad spread of maturities
                        extending out to FY2035, with an average maturity of drawn debt of 6.8 years as at 30 June 2019.

                        APA debt maturity profile and diversity of funding sources (1)
                        $1,600m




                        $1,200m




                        $800m




                        $400m




                        0
                                 FY20      FY21      FY22      FY23        FY24   FY25     FY26      FY27      FY28       FY29      FY30      FY31      FY32      FY33      FY34      FY35

                            Headroom (undrawn committed facilities)               Euro MTN                        Australian MTN
                            Bank borrowings                                       US 144A Notes                   US Private Placement Notes
                            Sterling MTN                                          Japanese MTN                    USD denominated obligations (2)

                        1) APA debt maturity profile as at 31 July 2019.
                        2) USD denominated obligations translated to AUD at the prevailing rate at inception (USD144A – AUD/USD=0.7879, EMTN & Sterling AUD/USD=0.7772).


                        APA maintains a prudent treasury policy that requires high levels of interest rate hedging to minimise the potential impacts
                        from adverse market movements. As at 30 June 2019, 100.0% (30 June 2018: 97.7%) of interest obligations on gross
                        borrowings were either hedged into or issued at fixed interest rates for varying periods extending out to 2035.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 29
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           8.1 Capital Management (continued)
           Financing activities for APA during the financial year included:
           Timing                      Financing activity

           September 2018              Repayment of $95.8 million (US$63.0 million) of US Private Placement Notes at maturity




For personal use only
           March 2019                  Issuance of £400 million (A$742.4 million) of 12.3 year fixed rate Notes from its Euro
                                       Medium Term Note Programme
           May 2019                    Extension of a $50 million Bilateral Bank Facility for 3 years to May 2022 and repayment
                                       of $219.4 million (US$122.0 million and A$68.2 million) of US Private Placement Notes at maturity
           June 2019                   Issuance of ¥10 billion (A$132.9 million) 15 year fixed rate Notes from its Euro Medium
                                       Term Note Programme

           Since FY2019 end, APA has also repaid:
           — $99.0 million (USD 75.0 million) of US Private Placement Notes at maturity (1 July 2019); and
           — $289.5 million (CAD 300.0 million) of Medium Term Notes at maturity (24 July 2019).
           Through these financing activities, APA has been able to extend the average tenor of its debt facilities and lower the average
           cost of our debt portfolio, delivering annualised interest savings in the order of $23 million per year. The diverse debt portfolio
           demonstrates the support APA has from global debt capital markets, with the latest S&P Global Ratings update for APA
           (November 2018) stating, “We view APA as having good relationships with its banks, a high standing in the credit market, and
           prudent risk management.”
           APA acquired the Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline in June 2015. Revenues are denominated in USD and were initially received
           in June 2015 from the 20 year foundation contracts. Operating costs are passed through to the shippers. Today, around US$3
           billion (i.e. US 144A Notes maturing in 2025 and 2035, Euro MTN maturing in 2027 and Sterling MTN maturing in 2030), of the
           original US$3.7 billion of debt that was borrowed to assist with funding of that acquisition, is retained in, or swapped into,
           US dollar denominated debt obligations at an all-in annual rate of 4.61%. This USD debt is being managed as a “designated
           hedge” for those virtually certain revenues.
           During the reporting period, APA undertook a restructuring of the hedging in respect of the 2022 €700 million issued in March
           2015. This issue was originally part of the designated hedge relationship noted above and was originally swapped into US
           dollars. In September 2018, APA unwound the cross currency interest rate swaps (CCIRS) in respect of that issue and put in
           place new CCIRS, converting the debt to an Australian dollar liability (A$1,132 million) enabling the revenues from March 2019
           to March 2022 to be hedged back into Australian dollars. Due to that hedge restructure, APA received some $151 million in
           cash from the CCIRS unwind.
           APA has hedged the US dollar denominated Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline revenues receivable from March 2019 to March
           2022 at the rates in the table below.
           Period                                                                                                        Average forward USD/AUD exchange rate

           FY2019                                                                                                                                                        0.7020
           FY2020                                                                                                                                                         0.7192
           FY2021                                                                                                                                                         0.7199
           FY2022 (to March 2022)                                                                                                                                        0.7099

           A large portion of the net revenue from April 2022 remains in the designated hedge relationship with the remaining US$3 billion
           in debt and as such, when that revenue is receivable and hedged, it will be recognised in the profit or loss largely at future
           hedge rates.
           8.2 Interest costs
           Net interest costs decreased in FY2019 by $12.2 million to $497.4 million (FY2018: $509.7 million). The 2.4% decrease in FY2019
           relative to FY2018 is primarily due to the refinancing of higher cost debt. This included the Japanese Yen Medium Term Notes
           that matured in June 2018; the US Private Placement Notes that matured in September 2018 and May 2019; the APA Group
           Subordinated Notes that were redeemed 31 March 2018; as well as an increase in capitalised interest associated with APA’s
           growth projects.
           The average interest rate (including credit margins) applying to drawn debt was 5.53% for FY2019 (FY2018: 5.65%), reflective
           of the partial year impact of the higher interest costs of some of the abovementioned facilities.




           30 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        8.3 Credit ratings
                        APT Pipelines Limited, the borrowing entity of APA, maintained the following two investment grade credit ratings during the
                        2019 financial year:
                        — BBB long-term corporate credit rating assigned by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) in June 2009, and last confirmed on 21
                          November 2018; and




For personal use only
                        — Baa2 long-term corporate credit rating (outlook Stable) assigned by Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) in April 2010, and
                          last confirmed on 26 February 2019.
                        APA calculates the Funds From Operations (FFO) to Interest to be 3.0 times (FY2018: 3.0 times) and FFO to Net Debt to
                        be 10.8% for FY2019 (FY2018: 10.7%). FFO to Net Debt is the key quantitative measure used by S&P and Moody’s to assess
                        APA’s credit worthiness and credit rating.
                        APA’s credit metrics continue to strengthen as increasing operating cash flow allows the funding of both increased
                        securityholder distributions and increased growth capex which delivers increased EBITDA and, in turn, increased operating
                        cash flow. With FFO to Net Debt of 10.8% and FFO to Interest of 3.0 times being at the stronger end of BBB/Baa2 rating
                        metric guidelines, APA continues to have confidence that the balance sheet can continue to support both organic growth and
                        long term growth in securityholder distributions. APA’s FFO to Net Debt has been between 10% and 11% for the past three
                        years and we expect this to continue for FY2020.
                        8.4 Income tax
                        Income tax expense for the financial year of $177.0 million results in an effective income tax rate of 38.1%, compared to
                        38.4% for the previous corresponding period. The high effective rate is due to the significant amortisation charges relating
                        to contract intangibles acquired with the Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline, which are not deductible for income tax purposes.
                        After utilisation of available tax losses and Research and Development tax offsets, income tax of $71.8 million will be payable
                        in respect of the year ended 30 June 2019 (FY2018: $52.0 million). The cash tax payable results in an effective tax paid rate
                        of 15.4% in FY2019 compared to 12.1% in FY2018. With PAYG instalments of $39.8 million having already been paid, a tax
                        provision of $32.0 million has been recognised. APA has provided a Tax Transparency Report, which includes a reconciliation of
                        profit to income tax payable on APA’s website at https://www.apa.com.au/investors/my-securities/tax-information/.
                        To assist APA Securityholders who wish to submit their annual tax return prior to receiving their annual APA Tax Statement in
                        mid September, APA has developed an online tax estimator tool.
                        The Estimator tool will generate Pro Forma Tax Return Inputs based on information entered by Securityholders and therefore
                        should be considered “indicative only” compared to the confirmed accurate information contained in APA’s Annual Tax
                        Statement. The Tax Estimator will be available under the Investor section on APA’s website following confirmation by the
                        Board via an ASX release of the final FY2019 distribution (https://www.apa.com.au/investors/my-securities/apa-annual-tax-
                        statement-estimator/).
                        8.5 Distributions
                        Distributions paid to securityholders during the financial year were:
                                                                                                                  Final FY2018                                    Interim FY2019
                                                                                                                distribution paid                                distribution paid
                                                                                                               12 September 2018                                   13 March 2019

                        		Total		 Total
                          Cents per distribution Cents per distribution
                           security       $000    security       $000

                        APT franked profit distribution                                                           8.93              105,412                      7.47                88,099
                        APT unfranked profit distribution                                                        0.00                       —                   2.03                 24,024
                        APT capital distribution                                                                  9.03              106,513                     6.58                  77,668
                        APTIT profit distribution                                                                 2.90               34,228                      2.97                 35,014
                        APTIT capital distribution                                                                 3.14              37,022                     2.45                 28,872
                        Total                                                                                   24.00               283,175                    21.50                253,677

                        Franking credits allocated                                                                3.83		                                        3.20




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 31
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           8.5 Distributions (continued)
           On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution for APA for the financial year of 25.5 cents per security which
           is payable on 11 September 2019. Franking credits of 3.66 cents per security will be allocated to the APT franked profit
           distribution. The FY2019 final distribution comprises the following components:
                                                                                                                      Final FY2019




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  distribution payable
                                                                                                                   11 September 2019

           		Total
             Cents per distribution
              security       $000

           APT franked profit distribution                                                                                                           8.53               100,663
           APT capital distribution                                                                                                                10.44                 123,153
           APTIT profit distribution                                                                                                                 2.55                30,056
           APTIT capital distribution                                                                                                                3.98                47,002
           Total                                                                                                                                   25.50               300,874

           Franking credits allocated                                                                                                                3.66

           As a result, the total distribution applicable to the year ended 30 June 2019 is 47.0 cents per security, a 4.4% increase over the
           total distribution of 45.0 cents per security applicable to the year ended 30 June 2018. Franking credits allocated for the year
           ended 30 June 2019 distribution totalled 6.86 cents per security.
           The Distribution Reinvestment Plan remains suspended.
           8.6 Total securityholder return
           APA’s total securityholder return for the financial year, which accounts for distributions paid plus the capital appreciation of
           APA’s security price and assumes the reinvestment of distributions at the ex-distribution date, was 15.0% (12).
           APA’s total securityholder return since listing in June 2000 on the ASX, is 2,083 (13), a compound annual growth rate of 17.2%.

           APA total securityholder returns since listing (June 2000) to 19 August 2019
           2,400




           1,800




           1,200




           600




           0
               Jun 00 Jun 01 Jun 02 Jun 03 Jun 04 Jun 05 Jun 06 Jun 07 Jun 08 Jun 09 Jun 10 Jun 11 Jun 12 Jun 13 Jun 14 Jun 15 Jun 16 Jun 17 Jun 18 Jun 19
                  APA total securityholder return              Utilities accumulation index                S&P/ASX 200 accumulation index

           8.7 Guidance for 2020 financial year
           Based on current operating plans and available information, APA expects EBITDA for the full year to 30 June 2020 to be in a
           range of $1,660 million to $1,690 million.
           Net interest cost is expected to be in a range of $505 million to $515 million.
           Distributions per security for the 2020 financial year are expected to be in the order of 50.0 cents per security, with franking
           credits which may be allocated to those distributions enhancing that cash payout.
           As per current APA distribution policies, all distributions will be fully covered by operating cash flows.
                                                                                                                                   FY2020 guidance             FY2019 actual

           EBITDA ($ millions)                                                                                                      $1,660 to $1,690                   $1,573.8
           Net interest cost ($ millions)                                                                                               $505 to $515                      $497.4
           Total distribution (cents per security)                                                                      In the order of 50.0 cents                   47.0 cents


           12) Figures quoted are sourced from Refinitiv Eikon and measured as at 30 June 2019.
           13) Indexed from 13 June 2000, the date of APA’s listing on the ASX.

           32 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        9. Regulatory Matters, Energy Policy and Energy Industry Developments
                        Australia’s economic regulatory regime for gas pipelines is set out in the National Gas Law (NGL) and the National Gas Rules
                        (NGR). Some of APA’s pipelines have been covered by the National Gas Access Regime since it was introduced in the 1990’s.
                        This regime includes mechanisms for regulatory pricing approval for “fully regulated” pipelines, and lighter obligations for
                        “light regulation” pipelines.




For personal use only
                        Gas Policy developments
                        Additional information disclosure and commercial arbitration rules came into effect in August 2017 (December 2017 in
                        Western Australia) and applies to APA’s unregulated pipelines, which are known by the term “non-scheme” pipelines. APA
                        has worked with the Gas Market Reform Group, Australian Energy Market Operator and the industry on the design and
                        implementation of the additional rules over the past four years.
                        During FY2019, the implementation of the remaining market policy revisions under the direction of the COAG Energy Council
                        was completed.
                        Part 23 compliance – roll out
                        In October 2018, APA published its first set of financial statements and associated information as specified under Part 23
                        of the National Gas Rules. Together with the January 2018 publication of APA’s pricing principles and methodology, and
                        standing terms, prospective pipeline users now have available a broad range of information to enable enhanced assessment
                        of pipeline service offers. APA has continued to work with our customers to negotiate commercial terms that are acceptable
                        and beneficial for all parties. There have been no formal access requests that could lead to arbitration since that formal
                        process was introduced in August 2017. APA’s experience is that our gas transportation customers continue to work with us
                        to develop commercial arrangements that are mutually beneficial and satisfactory to all parties.
                        The ACCC is expected to shortly release its interim report on its review of Part 23 information lodged by industry participants
                        in October 2018.
                        Part 24 and 25 capacity trading and auction
                        APA undertook extensive business system developments to ensure the successful implementation on 1 March 2019 of both
                        a Capacity Trading Platform for the secondary trade of pipeline capacity, and a daily auction facility of firm contracted but
                        un‑nominated pipeline capacity. Both facilities are being run by the Australian Energy Market Operator (AEMO).
                        COAG Energy Council Regulation Impact Statement (RIS)
                        In late December 2018, the COAG Energy Council Senior Committee of Officials released the terms of reference for a RIS
                        on the recent raft of gas pipeline regulation reform actions. APA has been engaging in this process and an initial draft public
                        report for consultation is expected to be released in October 2019.
                        Security of Critical Infrastructure
                        The Federal Government introduced the Security of Critical Infrastructure Act 2018 in April 2018 with the objective of
                        providing a framework for managing risks to national security relating to critical infrastructure by improving transparency of
                        ownership and operational control of critical Australian infrastructure. All required information on APA’s assets and investment
                        assets which met the threshold criteria under the legislation was submitted to the Critical Infrastructure Register during the
                        reporting period. This included information on pipelines, gas storage facilities, power stations and electricity interconnectors.
                        APA continues to work with the Critical Infrastructure Centre to ensure completeness and accuracy of existing and new
                        assets in the register.
                        Regulatory resets
                        The diagram below outlines the scheduled regulatory reset dates for pipelines owned and operated by APA. During FY2019,
                        approximately 8.3% of APA’s Energy Infrastructure revenues were revenues that are subject to regulated outcomes.

                        Calendar year                               2019                  2020                  2021                 2022                  2023                  2024

                        Goldfields Gas Pipeline


                        Amadeus Gas Pipeline


                        Roma Brisbane Pipeline


                        Victorian Transmission System


                           Current regulatory period       Next regulatory period




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 33
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           9.     Regulatory Matters, Energy Policy and Energy Industry Developments (continued)
           Key regulatory matters addressed during the year included:
           Goldfields Gas Pipeline access arrangement
           The Western Australian Economic Regulation Authority has released a draft decision on proposed revisions to the Access
           Arrangement for the Goldfields Gas Pipeline, which had been submitted to the regulator for approval in December 2018. The




For personal use only
           draft decision is in accordance with current legislation, and applies only to the covered (regulated) capacity in the pipeline. A
           recommendation, by the AEMC, that the uncovered capacity of otherwise covered pipelines be covered, and regulated, has
           not yet been resolved. A final decision on the Access Arrangement revision proposal is expected from the Economic Regulation
           Authority late in 2019.
           Regulator WACC decision
           In December 2018, the Australian Energy Regulator and the Economic Regulation Authority of Western Australia published
           their respective rate of return instruments that are binding on regulated businesses and the regulator until December 2022.
           Although there are some differences in the detail contained within each instrument, the resulting rates of return are very
           similar. APA understands the need to ensure that energy prices are as affordable as possible and that allowed returns have
           a direct linkage to energy prices. However, regulators over the last few years have reduced allowed returns to a level where
           continued investment in essential energy infrastructure is threatened. APA does not see this as being in the long term interest
           of consumers, particularly where pipeline construction and expansion needs to be encouraged to ensure supply from new gas
           fields is developed.
           Energy industry developments
           The Energy Charter – industry initiative
           APA plays a key role in delivering energy throughout Australia. We want that energy to be affordable, reliable and sustainable
           for all Australians and note the challenges in achieving this, particularly as the energy industry transitions towards a lower
           carbon future. We are one part of the energy industry supply chain and understand that to deliver on these objectives, each
           business across the whole of the energy supply chain needs to play its part.
           In that context, APA was a driving force behind the Energy Charter initiative. The Energy Charter brings together businesses
           across the gas and electricity supply chains under a common set of principles and more detailed principles in action to improve
           customer outcomes. Currently, there are 18 signatories to the Energy Charter.
           APA is committed to the 5 principles of the Energy Charter:
           1) We will put customers at the centre of our business and the energy system
           2) We will improve energy affordability for customers
           3) We will provide energy safely, sustainably and reliably
           4) We will improve the customer experience
           5) We will support customers facing vulnerable circumstances
           Signatories are required to disclose their performance against each principle and principle in action on an annual basis. The
           first disclosure reports are due to be provided to an independent Accountability Panel by 30 September 2019. Signatories’
           disclosure reports will be publicly available. The Panel will evaluate the disclosures and publish a report setting out findings
           and recommendations for continuous improvement by each business and the industry as a whole by 30 November 2019. APA’s
           Energy Charter disclosure report and the Accountability Panel report will be available on the Energy Charter Accountability
           Panel website, as well as being accessible via APA’s website.

           APA’s Customer Promise
           Initially developed independently to the Energy
           Charter initiative, APA has reviewed the
           ‘customer experience’ from the perspective
           of our infrastructure customers. This included
           independent customer surveys seeking feedback
           on what is important to each customer and
           their current perception of what APA does well
           and what needs improvement. APA’s Customer
           Promise is a commitment by all of our employees,
           whether directly customer facing or not, about
           listening to our customers, ensuring we have the
           right structure and tools that our people can
           respond and doing what we say we’ll do.




           34 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        9. Regulatory Matters, Energy Policy and Energy Industry Developments (continued)
                        The Principles of APA’s Customer Promise are consistent with the Principles of the Energy Charter and therefore both
                        initiatives come together to improve APA’s customer centric culture. The Customer Promise was launched internally during
                        the first half of FY2019 through a series of workshops and presentations across APA’s operations Australia-wide. The external
                        rollout of APA’s commitment to customers took place throughout July and August 2019 on the east coast, with the launch for




For personal use only
                        Western Australian customers in October 2019.
                        10. Sustainability
                        APA believes that climate change is one of the most significant issues facing the energy industry and the Australian community
                        in general. We also believe that natural gas and our diversified energy asset portfolio will play an important role in the shift
                        to a lower carbon future. APA also recognises and is working to address the challenges in the energy industry to restore trust,
                        ensure reliability of energy supply whilst also driving improved affordability and reduced emissions.
                        For APA sustainability means:
                        — We are active in helping to displace more carbon-intensive options – like coal or oil – both in Australia and overseas;
                        — We are proactive in continuing to grow and build our portfolio of renewable energy assets such as wind and solar;
                        — We will investigate, develop and invest in solutions to support renewable energy with firming capacity;
                        — We will explore, collaborate and actively support the design, testing and commercialisation of cleaner energy sources (such
                          as hydrogen and renewable methane) where it makes sense to do so;
                        — We put our customers at the centre of what we do;
                        — We operate our assets safely and efficiently whilst also understanding, measuring and ultimately looking to reduce our
                          impact on the environment; and
                        — We engage with all our stakeholders – customers and consumers, employees, contractors, investors, landowners,
                          communities, regulators and policy makers – regularly and honestly.
                        APA initiated an enterprise wide environmental, social and governance (ESG) review and improvement program in FY2018
                        and progressed in FY2019 to assess our current capabilities in respect of ESG criteria, and to identify improvements to both
                        our capabilities and disclosures.
                        Key elements of the program include:
                        — Assessing climate risk utilising the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) including analysis of three
                          divergent climate related scenarios to identify climate related risks and opportunities for APA over the next ten years;
                        — A review of APA’s environmental management practise to ensure APA is meeting or exceeding environmental regulatory
                          compliance; and
                        — Reviewing and implementing improvements in the processes and systems to gather and verify data for greenhouse
                          gas reporting.
                        This is a multi-year improvement program. In terms of reporting on FY2019 progress and outcomes, a comprehensive
                        Sustainability Report has been prepared as a complement to this Directors’ Report. It is available on APA’s website
                        (www.apa.com.au) under both the About APA/Sustainability section and Investors/Reports and Presentations sections.
                        Sustainability is a whole of company responsibility, championed by APA’s Board who are supported by the Audit and Risk
                        Management Committee and the Executive Risk Management Committee. The FY2019 Sustainability Report details APA’s
                        approach to climate change governance; identification of material financial and non-financial risks against TCFD; our
                        performance and initiatives in relation to our customers, our people and safety, the environment and communities and
                        suppliers. Included in the Directors’ Report below is a summary of APA’s Health and Safety Reporting and Environmental and
                        Compliance Reporting.
                        From the scenario analysis and risk assessment undertaken, APA is confident that our business is physically and financially
                        resilient to climate related transitional and physical risks for at least the next ten years. The business will continue to monitor
                        and assess emerging risks and opportunities in relation to climate change. As we mature in the use of TCFD, we anticipate
                        that the time horizon used for future scenario analysis will be extended beyond ten years to be more consistent with the
                        long‑lived nature of our assets.
                        Natural gas and gas peaking plants serve a critical role now and into the future in supporting the integration of renewable
                        energy into Australia’s National Electricity Market and continuing to displace more carbon intensive fossil fuels such as black
                        and brown coal and oil. APA believes Australia should leverage its current and future investments in gas and gas related
                        infrastructure to deliver long term, reliable, secure and cost-effective carbon reductions.
                        APA is committed to providing stakeholders with improved metrics to fairly assess the management of climate related
                        impacts and more detailed work on appropriate metrics and targets will commence in FY2020.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 35
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           10.1 Health and safety reporting
           APA aspires to a zero harm workplace for its employees and                                 Total Reportable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR)
           contractors. In FY2019, the Total Reportable Injury Frequency                              15
           Rate (TRIFR) was 5.98, down from 8.94 in FY2018. The TRIFR
           metric includes employees and contractors. The reduction




For personal use only
           in injuries can be attributed to the increased focus placed
                                                                                                           10.41
           on Health and Safety during the year. Activities such as                                   10
                                                                                                                                                          8.94
           APA’s active monitoring program requires our leaders to
                                                                                                                                   7.5
           engage with employees on Health and Safety topics and
                                                                                                                                                                              5.98
           the continued use of ‘lessons learned’ communications
                                                                                                      5
           arising from incident investigations to help further prevent
           injuries and incidents. Importantly, there were no fatalities of
           employees or contractors in FY2019 (FY2018: nil).
           APA’s current Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)                                         0
           Strategic Plan has been designed to further develop APA’s                                       FY16                 FY17                   FY18                   FY19
           HSE framework, systems, culture and initiatives to prevent
                                                                                                      Note: TRIFR is measured as the number of lost time and medically
           harm to our people, contractors and the broader community,                                 treated injuries sustained per million hours worked. Data includes both
           and to deliver a sustainable future.                                                       employees and contractors.

           The HSE Plan consists of seven strategic themes:

           Strategic Theme                          Planned Outcomes

             Fitness for Work                       Healthy employees promoting APA as a great place to work resulting in improved efficiencies

             Environment Management                 Improved environmental compliance & awareness achieved across APA

             Contractor Mangement                   Improved contractor performance & reduction in contractor incidents

             HSE Leadership & Behaviours            Leaders are uncompromising & engage employees and contractors in HSE conversations and support behaviours

             Safety Days                            Safety Days contribute to educating our workforce on HSE risks & become a hub for sharing HSE information

             Fatal Risk Protocols                   Fatal Risk Protocols are well understood & all risk controls implemented

             Safeguard Improvements                 Safeguard HSE Management System is well understood & consistently applied across all of APA

               Culture       Compliance

           Each strategic theme includes detailed implementation plans. An example of this in action was the revision of APA’s Alcohol
           and Drug Policy under the Fitness for Work theme as well as developing and implementing a new Alcohol and Other Drugs
           protocol which now includes random alcohol testing at APA sites. Increasing the profile of these important health and safety
           issues through education at work can also help positive impacts flow on to our people in their lives outside of APA.
           The use of contractors in APA is an essential part of our extensive and diversified business. While we have seen some
           improvement of the Health and Safety metrics in FY2019 for Contractors, we will continue to keep a focus on improving
           performance in this area. During the year we have conducted Contractor Safety performance reviews directly with some of
           our contractors to discuss and work to improve safety performance. This forum also provides an opportunity for contractors
           to provide direct feedback to APA on its systems and processes.
           During the reporting period, APA also commenced initial Health and Safety culture assessments within the Transmission and
           Networks businesses to understand the level of safety culture maturity of work teams. These culture assessments resulted in
           the development of plans with each team, identifying the actions they will take to further progress their safety performance.
           Some of the common themes to arise from the assessments included action plans to improve both the timely reporting of
           incidents and ensuring timely closure of corrective actions arising from incident investigations and audits. The safety culture
           maturity assessment program will continue throughout FY2020 as APA recognises this is an area of importance to further
           improve our overall safety culture and performance.
           As part of APA’s continuous focus on safety, we have refreshed our Fatal Risk Protocol Awareness program addressing our
           nine Fatal Risk Protocols (FRP) including driving, confined spaces and working at heights. One of the initiatives developed
           and implemented during the reporting year included using ‘storytelling’ methods and videoing some of our leaders reliving
           either actual or near fatal risk events that may have resulted during their career, and the personal impact on them. The FRP
           program also includes a follow-up brief training and assessment program to ensure that employees understand the key risk
           preventive measures documented in our FRP’s. This program has been a big success at APA with our employees providing a
           lot of positive feedback as it generates extensive discussions throughout the company.
           Each year APA employees drive over 16 million kilometres travelling into remote and isolated parts of Australia. Since the
           introduction of the In-Vehicle Monitoring System to all of our Transmission vehicle fleet in FY2017, we are now using this data
           to help us to further improve driver safety performance. An example is the development of a driver safety scorecard that
           provides drivers with their individual driver safety performance score, which also recognises good driver safety performance.
           This performance scorecard provides drivers with the opportunity to self-correct any potential unsafe driving practices such
           as speeding and allows leaders to have meaningful discussions with employees. The introduction of the driver safety scorecard
           has seen a marked improvement of driver safety performance.



           36 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        10.1 Health and safety reporting (continued)

                           Process Safety ~ empowering employees to operate safely

                           APA has grown significantly since listing in June 2000 with 6 employees and around
                           7,000 kilometres of pipeline interests and/or ownership. Today, APA is hugely                                             Process Safety




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                     Fundamental Expectations
                           different in terms of size and diversity of the energy infrastructure within its portfolio.
                           With more than 1,800 employees across mainland Australia, the business now owns                                                   1. Always report process
                           and/or operates assets in excess of $21 billion of assets across mainland Australia.                                                 safety risk and
                                                                                                                                                                participate in the solution.
                           What hasn’t changed however, is APA’s commitment to Zero Harm for all employees
                           and contractors. Therefore, there was a need to develop a comprehensive framework                                                 2. Always report and
                           to manage process safety.                                                                                                            investigate process
                                                                                                                                                                safety incidents.
                           Process safety is where the necessary processes, systems and behaviours are in place
                           to empower APA employees and contractors to operate assets safely, such that there                                                3. Always follow safety
                                                                                                                                                                critical procedures
                           is no major accident event as a result of an energy or harmful substance release.                                                    and permit to work.
                           During the reporting period, APA began a roll out of process safety principles and                                                4. Always operate
                           systems across the business. These included:                                                                                         with safety critical
                                                                                                                                                                devices armed unless
                           — Updating of APA’s HSE management system and fatal risk protocols                                                                   authorised to deviate.
                           — Development and improvement of a range of key processes and systems
                                                                                                                                                             5. Always operate within
                           — Training in process safety fundamentals                                                                                            safe operating limits.

                           A pilot roll out of the APA process safety fundamentals workshop was completed at
                           key locations in FY2019 to determine if the right approach was being undertaken to                                                6. Always respond to alarms
                           ensure maximum benefit and learnings.                                                                                                and prioritise during
                                                                                                                                                                abnormal operation.
                           Following positive feedback from the pilot workshops, training programs have
                                                                                                                                                             7. Always act and
                           commenced for all who work with or support APA’s Transmission and Midstream assets.                                                  report harmful
                           This segment of the program is due for completion at the end of 1st quarter 2020.                                                    substance releases.

                           Plans are in place to roll out the programs across the Networks and Power businesses                                              8. Always obtain
                           in FY2021. Ongoing improvements are on foot to ensure the systematic management                                                      authorisation before
                                                                                                                                                                modifying assets.
                           of process safety risks is also underway.


                        For further information on APA’s health and safety initiatives, please refer to APA’s FY2019 Sustainability Report.
                        10.2 Environmental compliance and reporting
                        APA operates its assets under a number of approved environmental regulatory instruments within relevant federal, state
                        and territory jurisdictions. Collaboration between APA’s Technical & Regulatory and Environment & Heritage Team functions
                        ensures that environmental obligations are planned for concurrently with other regulatory requirements so that pipeline,
                        distribution, power and gas processing assets owned and/or operated by APA are designed, constructed, tested, operated
                        and maintained in accordance with requirements of the relevant regulatory departments.
                        APA received one regulatory notice relating to environmental compliance during the reporting period as a result of the late
                        submission of the annual National Pollutant Inventory (NPI) report for Daandine Power Station. APA complies with all periodic
                        and ad hoc federal, state and territory environmental reporting obligations.
                        APA’s main sources of emissions are from the combustion of natural gas in compressor stations, from fugitive emissions
                        associated with natural gas pipelines, and from gas fired power stations. NGER compliance applies to assets under APA’s
                        operational control, which includes gas transmission/distribution pipelines, power generation facilities (including wind farms),
                        gas storage, gas processing, cogeneration, electricity transmission interconnectors and corporate offices.
                        APA’s summary of Scope 1 and 2 emissions and energy consumption for FY2018 as reported under NGER compliance, are set
                        out in the table below.
                        During the reporting period, APA worked with the Clean Energy Regulator (CER) to conduct a quality review of APA’s current
                        and historic emissions reporting figures. As a result of that review, FY2018 and FY2017 Scope 1 and 2 emissions and energy
                        consumption figures have changed from those reported in our previous disclosures. The changes are due to identified unit and
                        accounting errors, now rectified in APA’s emissions reporting processes and agreed with the Clean Energy Regulator.

                                                                                                                                       FY2018                  FY2017                  Change

                        Scope 1 (1) CO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                          1,205,766                 1,241,632                  (2.9)%
                        Scope 2 (2) CO2 emissions (tonnes)                                                                             178,445                 367,387                 (51.4)%
                        Energy consumption (3) (GJ)                                                                                25,777,203              26,793,268                   (3.8)%

                        1) Scope 1: emissions associated directly with APA facilities, such as company vehicles, ‘fuel combustion’ and fugitive emissions from gas pipelines.
                        2) Scope 2: are indirect emissions such as consumption of purchased electricity/fuel not generated by the facility but used under its operations or electricity line loss.
                        3) Energy Consumption is referring to the total calculation of all energy consumed and produced by APA across all facilities.




                                                                                                                                         APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 37
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           10.2 Environmental compliance and reporting (continued)
           The significant reduction in Scope 2 emissions from FY2017 to FY2018 is almost entirely attributable to line loss from
           the Directlink Interconnector. Whilst the CER has confirmed their satisfaction with the Scope 2 data, APA is undertaking
           additional work to understand the reasons for the variance, including investigating operational trends as well as the integrity
           of line loss raw data.




For personal use only
           Reports are completed each year at the end of October for the prior financial year to allow organisations time to collect,
           collate and calculate their energy and emissions data. FY2019 data will be submitted in October 2019. For further information
           on APA’s environmental management strategy and initiatives, please refer to APA’s FY2019 Sustainability Report.
           11. Risk Overview
           APA identifies risks to its business and puts in place mitigation strategies to remove or minimise the negative effect and
           maximise opportunities in respect of those risks. Material risks are reviewed on an ongoing basis by APA’s Executive Risk
           Management Committee and the Board Audit and Risk Management Committee, together with the relevant Divisions and
           both internal and where appropriate, external, experts.
           The Risk Management System brings together the principles and processes to ensure risk is effectively identified, managed
           and monitored. It comprises three elements covering Risk Management Policy and Risk Appetite; Risk Management Enablers
           providing for governance, a strong risk culture, technology support and ongoing training; and the Risk Management Framework
           which sets our key risk management processes.
           The Risk Management System is aligned to the international risk standard ISO 31000. All other functional risk frameworks
           align to the Risk Management System to provide consistency and a common language for risk which is integral to key
           business decisions.
           Risk assessments consider a combination of the likelihood and consequence of identified risks. Listed below are a number of
           key risks that could materially affect APA. However, the risks listed may not include all risks associated with APA’s ongoing
           operations. The materiality of risks may change and previously unidentified risks may emerge.
           Further information on this process is provided in APA’s Corporate Governance Statement (refer to Principle 7), the
           Sustainability Report and APA’s website at https://www.apa.com.au/about-apa/our-organisation/corporate-governance/.



           APA Risk Management


                                                                                                                                   – Approve risk strategy, risk policy and
                                                                                  APA Group Board                                    risk framework
                                                                                                                                   – Approve risk appetite
                                                                                                                                   – Approve key risk and compliance policies
                                                                               APA Group Audit &                                   – Review and monitor current and
              – Review current and emerging material risks
                                                                          Risk Management Committee                                  emerging material risks and actions
              – Review key risks and compliance policies
              – Review insurance arrangements
              – Review risk strategy and framework
              – Approve crisis management plan                                   Executive Risk
              – Promote a risk aware culture
                                                                             Management Committee




                        Group Risk & Compliance/
                            Group Insurance
              – Enterprise Risk Management/
                Compliance Frameworks, systems                                                                                                Independent Review
                and guidance
              – Business Continuity and Crisis                                      APA Divisions                                   – Internal Audit
                Management framework                                                                                                – External Audit
              – Asset, project and corporate                              – Implement Risk Frameworks                               – Third party audits and reviews
                insurance program                                         – Own risks, controls and actions
                                                                          – Own compliance plans and controls
                                                                          – Support provided from
                                                                            functional risk specialists
                                                                          – Review and report risk exposures                                   Divisional Review
                    Functional Risk Frameworks                            – Apply risk appetite in key decisions
                                                                                                                                    – Functional risk review
              Aligned to Enterprise Risk                                                                                            – Divisional audits and testing
              Management Framework including
              – IT Security Risk
              – People, Safety & Environment Risk
              – Process Risk
              – Treasury Risk
              – Project Risk




           38 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        11.1 Key risks
                        Type of Risk               Description                                                           Key Management Actions to Mitigate Risks

                        Strategic risks – risks arising from the industry and geographical environments within which APA operates, including its
                        markets, customers, brand and reputation, and regulatory policy.




For personal use only
                        Economic                   APA has a number of significant assets and                            — Strong regulatory and policy functions,
                        regulation                 investments in its portfolio subject to economic                        active in regulatory management and policy
                                                   regulation, which includes the regulation of                            development.
                                                   prices that APA is permitted to charge for                            — Assessment of key policy change proposals
                                                   certain services. Government policy in relation                         for potential impacts on APA’s business.
                                                   to the Australian domestic gas market also
                                                   continues to develop. Changes in policy as to
                                                   which assets are regulated and the settings
                                                   applicable to regulated assets can impact
                                                   APA’s business.
                        Bypass and                 APA’s future earnings may be reduced if                               — Structured and flexible services that leverage
                        competition risk           customers purchase gas transportation services                          APA’s capability and infrastructure.
                                                   from new pipelines that by-pass or compete                            — Customer relationship engagement and
                                                   with APA’s pipelines, rather than from APA’s                            pro‑active management of business
                                                   existing pipelines.                                                     development opportunities.
                                                                                                                         — Ensure costs and pricing associated with the
                                                                                                                           provision of services remain competitive and
                                                                                                                           provide value to the market.
                                                                                                                         — Asset management plans aligned with
                                                                                                                           capacity contracting strategy.
                        Gas demand risk            Reduced end user demand for gas driven by                             — Monitoring commodity markets, export
                                                   its price (in Australia versus other countries),                        outlook and gas market developments for
                                                   relative to competing energy sources and new                            throughput impacts.
                                                   technologies or gas swap contracts, may reduce                        — Flexible services supporting the needs of
                                                   demand levels for services on APA's assets and                          customers, including gas fired generators.
                                                   may adversely affect APA’s contracted revenue
                                                                                                                         — Long term gas storage / transportation
                                                   and the carrying value of APA’s assets.
                                                                                                                           agreements.
                                                                                                                         — Development of new and innovative services
                                                                                                                           that provide flexibility.
                        Gas supply risk            A long-term shortage of competitively priced                          — Recontracting strategy and market monitoring.
                                                   gas, either as a result of gas reserve depletion,                     — Knowledge and monitoring of gas reserves to
                                                   allocation of gas to other markets, or the                              identify potential opportunities.
                                                   unwillingness or inability of gas production
                                                   companies to produce gas, may adversely
                                                   affect APA’s contracted revenue and the
                                                   carrying value of APA’s assets.
                        Gas seen as                Shift in consumer sentiment due to community                          — Leverage knowledge and understanding of
                        unacceptable               and environmental focus on gas being                                    advances in the transportation of alternate
                        as a fossil fuel           unacceptable as a fossil fuel rather than viewed                        fuels utilising existing gas infrastructure.
                                                   as a fuel to support a cleaner energy future.                         — Develop strategies to broaden exposure to
                                                   This may adversely affect APA’s contracted                              markets which favour gas.
                                                   revenue and the carrying value of APA’s assets.
                                                                                                                         — Extend and refine strategies on alternate fuel
                                                                                                                           / infrastructure consistent with APA’s outlook
                                                                                                                           on future energy mix.
                        Counterparty risk          The failure of a counterparty to meet its                             — Portfolio of investment grade credit rated
                                                   contractual commitments to APA, whether                                 customers.
                                                   in whole or in part, could reduce future                              — Strong counterparty credit due diligence with
                                                   anticipated revenue, unless and until APA                               customer credit exposures closely monitored.
                                                   is able to secure an alternative customer.
                                                                                                                         — Contractual credit support arrangements
                                                                                                                           in place.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 39
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           11.1 Key risks (continued)
           Type of Risk                 Description                                                          Key Management Actions to Mitigate Risks
           Contract                     Due to a range of factors, APA may not be                            — Recontracting strategy in place with close
           renewal risk                 successful in recontracting available pipeline                         monitoring of contract renewal portfolio.




For personal use only
                                        capacity or power generation capacity when                           — Monitoring of emerging gas supply alternatives
                                        it comes due for contract renewal, or may only                         and power generation market developments to
                                        be able to recontract at reduced prices or for                         identify new opportunities.
                                        shorter periods.
           Reputation risk              APA relies on a level of public acceptance for                       — Engagement with key stakeholders
                                        the development and operation of its assets.                           (landowners, producers, customers,
                                        Community sentiment in relation to the energy                          government etc).
                                        industry as a whole, as well as APA's business                       — Industry engagement and contribution
                                        may impact APA’s commercial opportunities,                             to Energy Charter initiative.
                                        its ability to develop new projects and
                                        operate its assets.
           Climate Risk                 APA and its customers may be adversely                               — Commitment to implementation of
                                        affected by the transition impacts of climate                          Task Force on Climate Related Financial
                                        change including increases in temperature,                             Disclosures (TCFD).
                                        sea levels, and the frequency of adverse                             — Identified climate transition risks together
                                        climatic events including fires, storms,                               with impacts on energy infrastructure asset
                                        floods and droughts.                                                   revenues based on temperature scenarios
                                                                                                               and a time horizon of 10 years.
           Financial risks – risks arising from the management of APA’s financial resources, accounting, tax and financial disclosure.
           Interest rates and           APA is exposed to movements in interest rates                        — Risk limits set by the Board and
           refinancing risks            where floating interest rate funds are not                             managed in line with APA’s Treasury Risk
                                        effectively hedged. It also remains exposed                            Management Policy.
                                        to refinancing risk if it is unable to replace an                    — Debt structured to spread maturities over a
                                        existing loan with a new one at a critical time.                       number of years.
                                                                                                             — Maximum and minimum interest rate hedging
                                                                                                               levels defined and managed using derivatives
                                                                                                               and debt issued at fixed interest rates through
                                                                                                               to maturity.
                                                                                                             — Access to broad range of global banking and
                                                                                                               debt capital markets maintained.
           Foreign                      APA is subject to currency fluctuations in                           — Risk limits set by the Board and
           exchange risks               relation to the purchase, supply and installation                      managed in line with APA’s Treasury Risk
                                        of goods and services revenue, and borrowings,                         Management Policy.
                                        in a currency other than Australian dollars.                         — Hedging instruments used to cap non-AUD
                                        There can be no assurance that APA will be                             denominated revenue and expenses.
                                        able to effectively hedge its foreign currency
                                                                                                             — Foreign currency borrowings fully hedged.
                                        exposure, particularly in periods of significant
                                        currency volatility, and/or that APA's hedges
                                        will prove effective.
           Investment risk              Assumptions and forecasts used in making                             — Board approved corporate and asset models
                                        decisions to acquire assets and make                                   used for investment decisions and planning.
                                        investments, may ultimately not be realised.                         — Models underpinning investment decisions
                                        This may result in lower than expected returns,                        independently reviewed.
                                        unanticipated costs, new skillsets or capabilities
                                                                                                             — Oversight by APA’s Due Diligence Committees
                                        needing to be acquired, new types of regulatory
                                                                                                               for material investment transactions.
                                        approvals being needed where APA has
                                        limited experience.
           Credit rating risks          Any downgrade in APA's credit rating could                           — Board approves all treasury transactions with
                                        harm its ability to obtain financing, could                            counterparties falling below defined credit
                                        increase its financing costs or cause the                              rating thresholds.
                                        instruments governing APA's future debt                              — Counterparties are risk assessed with credit
                                        to contain more restrictive covenants.                                 ratings monitored and credit support obtained
                                                                                                               to limit risk exposure.




           40 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        11.1 Key risks (continued)
                        Type of Risk               Description                                                           Key Management Actions to Mitigate Risks
                        Operational Risks – risks arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people or systems or from external events
                        including construction and corporate projects, technology, environment, and health and safety.




For personal use only
                        Operations risk            APA is exposed to a number of risks affecting                         — Operations are subject to operational safety
                                                   operations including those resulting in                                 and environment management programs.
                                                   equipment failures or breakdowns, pipeline                            — Maintenance of engineering standards,
                                                   ruptures, employee or equipment shortages,                              including integrity monitoring and maintenance
                                                   workplace safety issues, environmental                                  programs as part of risk based asset life cycle
                                                   damage, contractor defaults, damage by third                            management.
                                                   parties, integration incidents from acquired
                                                                                                                         — Asset monitoring through control rooms to
                                                   or newly constructed assets and damage
                                                                                                                           manage flows and asset maintenance issues.
                                                   from natural hazards, sabotage or terrorist
                                                   attacks including the physical risks associated                       — Comprehensive insurance arrangements
                                                   with climate change.                                                    provided as part of asset protection program.

                        Information                APA's operations rely on a number of                                  — APA’s information and technology assets
                        technology                 information technology systems, applications                            are managed in accordance with recognised
                        and cyber risk             and business processes utilised in the delivery                         industry standards across hardware, software,
                                                   of business functions, including APA’s customer                         applications and communication systems.
                                                   management system, grid network and                                   — Cyber security standards are applied
                                                   integrated operations centre.                                           consistently across APA information and
                                                                                                                           technology systems, including those managed
                                                                                                                           by third party vendors, with standards
                                                                                                                           continually assessed against new threats
                                                                                                                           and vulnerabilities.
                                                                                                                         — I&T information and technology systems
                                                                                                                           including SCADA control systems, are subject
                                                                                                                           to regular reviews and independent testing.
                        People risk                APA is dependent on its ability to attract,                           — Leadership capability programs in place.
                                                   engage, develop and retain the right employees                        — Recruitment practices in place and subject
                                                   within a market where there is varying supply                           to improvement.
                                                   of skilled workers. APA’s operations are
                                                                                                                         — Talent management programs to identify and
                                                   geographically dispersed which can make
                                                                                                                           develop technical and leadership personnel.
                                                   attraction and retention of skilled employees
                                                   in regional and remote locations a challenge.                         — Comprehensive training programs in place
                                                                                                                           to maintain and develop competencies.
                        Construction and           APA's business strategy includes the                                  — Access and approvals management for new
                        development risk           development of new pipeline capacity,                                   construction projects.
                                                   renewable and gas-fired power generation                              — Dedicated construction project management
                                                   plants, gas storage facilities and gas processing                       capability and governance to manage
                                                   assets. This involves a number of typical                               efficient, safe and quality delivery of
                                                   construction risks, including potential failure                         construction projects.
                                                   to obtain necessary approvals, employee or
                                                   equipment shortages, third party contractor
                                                   failure, higher than budgeted construction
                                                   costs impacting liquidated damages, and
                                                   project delays.
                        Compliance risks – legal or regulatory risks arising in respect of laws, regulations, licences and recognised practising codes
                        including health, safety and environment, asset construction and operation, and other corporate compliance requirements.
                        Compliance and             APA is subject to a range of operational                              — Comprehensive Enterprise Compliance
                        operating licences         regulatory requirements including climate                               Management System with regulations
                                                   change regulations, environmental laws                                  identified, controls monitored and assurance.
                                                   and regulations, occupational health and                              — Comprehensive safety management system
                                                   safety requirements and technical and                                   including safety compliance monitoring.
                                                   safety standards. Changes in any such laws,
                                                                                                                         — Dedicated specialist teams providing asset
                                                   regulations or policies may increase compliance
                                                                                                                           level assurance for technical, safety and
                                                   requirements and costs.
                                                                                                                           environment compliance.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 41
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           12. Directors
           12.1 Information on Directors and Company Secretary
           See pages 06 to 07 for information relating to the qualifications and experience of Directors and the Company Secretary.
           12.2 Directorships of other listed companies
           Directorships of other listed companies held by Directors at any time in the three years immediately before the end of the




For personal use only
           financial year are as follows:
           Name                                            Company                                         Period of directorship

           Michael Fraser                                  Aurizon Holdings Limited                        Since February 2016
           Robert Wheals                                   —                                               —
           Steven Crane                                    nib holdings limited                            Since September 2010, Chair since October 2011
                                                           SCA Property Group                              Since December 2018
           James Fazzino                                   Incitec Pivot Limited                           July 2005 to November 2017
           Debra Goodin                                    Senex Energy Limited                            Since May 2014
                                                           oOh!media Limited                               Since November 2014
                                                           Atlas Arteria Limited                           Since September 2017
                                                           Ten Network Holdings Limited                    August 2016 to November 2017
           Shirley In't Veld                               Northern Star Resources Limited                 Since September 2016
                                                           Asciano Limited                                 November 2010 to August 2016
                                                           DUET Group                                      August 2013 to May 2017
           Peter Wasow                                     Oz Minerals Limited                             Since November 2017
                                                           Alcoa Australia Limited                         January 2014 to July 2017
                                                           Alumina Limited                                 September 2011 to May 2017

           12.3 Directors’ meetings
           During the financial year, 17 Board meetings, four Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings, four People and
           Remuneration Committee meetings, four Health Safety and Environment Committee meetings and three Nomination
           Committee meetings were held. The following table sets out the number of meetings attended by each Director while they
           were a Director or a committee member:
                                                                              People &                 Audit & Risk               Health Safety
                                                                            Remuneration               Management                 & Environment               Nomination
                                                        Board                Committee                  Committee                  Committee                  Committee
           Directors                                A            B             A            B            A             B            A             B            A             B

           Michael Fraser                          17           17                                        4            4            —            —              3            3
           Michael McCormack (1)                   14           14            —             —            —             —            —            —             —            —
           Steven Crane                            17           17             4            3             4            4            —            —              1            1
           James Fazzino                            6            6            —             —             1             1            2            2            —            —
           Debra Goodin                            17           17            —             —             4            4             4            4             3            3
           Shirley Int’d Veld                      17           17             4            4            —             —             4            4            —            —
           Peter Wasow                             17           17             4            4             4            4            —            —             —            —
           Russell Higgins     (2)
                                                   11            11           —             —             3            3             2            2             2            2
           Patricia McKenzie (3)                   11           10             2            2            —             —             2             1           —            —

           A) Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the financial year.
           B) Number of meetings attended.

           1) Michael McCormack retired as a Director on 5 July 2019.
           2) Russell Higgins AO retired as a Director on 20 February 2019.
           3) Patricia McKenzie retired as a Director on 8 March 2019.




           42 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        12.4 Directors’ securityholdings
                        The aggregate number of APA securities held directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities at 30 June
                        2019 is 683,693 (2018: 800,118 (1)).
                        The following table sets out Directors’ relevant interests in APA securities as at 30 June 2019:




For personal use only
                                                                                                          Fully paid			                         Fully paid
                                                                                                    securities as at Securities Securities securities as at
                        Directors                                                                       1 July 2018   acquired   disposed    30 June 2019

                        Michael Fraser                                                                        102,942                         —                       —               102,942
                        Michael McCormack                                                                   350,000                           —                       —             350,000
                        Steven Crane                                                                         130,000                          —                       —              130,000
                        Debra Goodin                                                                          23,000                          —                       —               23,000
                        James Fazzino (2)                                                                             —                 31,751                        —                  31,751
                        Shirley Int’d Veld                                                                    25,000                          —                       —               25,000
                        Peter Wasow                                                                            15,000                   6,000                         —                21,000
                        Russell Higgins AO (3)                                                                129,939                         —                       —                       —
                        Patricia McKenzie       (4)
                                                                                                                24,237                        —                       —                       —
                                                                                                              800,118                   37,751                        —               683,693

                        1) At 1 July 2018 the aggregate number of APA securities held directly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities included 129,939 securities held by Russell
                           Higgins AO who retired on 20 February 2019 and 24,237 securities held by Patricia McKenzie who retired on 8 March 2019. The aggregate number of APA
                           Securities held directly or beneficially by the current Directors or their related entities as at 30 June 2019 is 683,693.
                        2) James Fazzino was appointed as a Director effective 21 February 2019. He held nil securities on appointment.
                        3) Russell Higgins AO retired as a Director on 20 February 2019. He held 129,939 securities on retirement.
                        4) Patricia McKenzie retired as a Director on 8 March 2019. She held 24,237 securities on retirement.

                        The Directors hold no other rights or options over APA securities. There are no contracts to which a Director is a party or under
                        which the Director is entitled to a benefit and that confer a right to call for or deliver APA securities.
                        13. Options Granted
                        In this report, the term “APA securities” refers to stapled securities each comprising a unit in Australian Pipeline Trust stapled
                        to a unit in APT Investment Trust and traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under the code “APA”.
                        No options over unissued APA securities were granted during or since the end of the financial year, no unissued APA securities
                        were under option as at the date of this report, and no APA securities were issued during or since the end of the financial year
                        as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued APA securities.
                        14. Indemnification of Officers
                        During the financial year, the Responsible Entity paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors and Officers
                        of the Responsible Entity and any APA Group entity against any liability incurred in performing those roles to the extent
                        permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the specific nature of the liability
                        and the amount of the premium.
                        Australian Pipeline Limited, in its own capacity and as responsible entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment
                        Trust, indemnifies each Director and Company Secretary, and certain other executives, former executives and officers of the
                        Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity under a range of deed polls and indemnity agreements which have been in place
                        since 1 July 2000. The indemnity operates to the full extent allowed by law but only to the extent not covered by insurance,
                        and is on terms the Board considers usual for arrangements of this type.
                        Under its constitution, Australian Pipeline Limited (in its personal capacity) indemnifies each person who is or has been a
                        Director, Company Secretary or executive officer of that company.
                        The Responsible Entity has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify
                        an officer or external auditor of the Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity against a liability incurred by such an officer
                        or auditor.




                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 43
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           15. Remuneration Report
           The Remuneration Report is attached to and forms part of this report.
           16. Auditor
           16.1 Auditor’s independence declaration
           A copy of the independence declaration of the auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Auditor) as required under section 307C of




For personal use only
           the Corporations Act 2001 is included at page 110.
           16.2 Non-audit services
           Non-audit services have been provided during the financial year by the Auditor. A description of those services and the
           amounts paid or payable to the Auditor for the services are set out in Note 27 to the financial statements.
           The Board has considered those non-audit services provided by the Auditor and, in accordance with advice provided by the Audit
           and Risk Management Committee (Committee), is satisfied that the provision of those services by the Auditor is compatible
           with the general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 and did not compromise the
           auditor independence requirements of the Act. The Board’s reasons for concluding that the non-audit services provided did
           not compromise the Auditor’s independence are:
           — all non-audit services were subject to APA’s corporate governance procedures with respect to such matters and have been
             reviewed by the Committee to ensure they do not impact on the impartiality and objectivity of the Auditor;
           — the non-audit services provided did not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as they did not
             involve reviewing or auditing the Auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision making capacity for APA, acting
             as an advocate for APA or jointly sharing risks and rewards; and
           — the Auditor has provided a letter to the Committee with respect to the Auditor’s independence and the Auditor’s
             independence declaration referred to above.
           17. Information Required for Registered Schemes
           Fees paid to the Responsible Entity and its associates (including Directors and Secretaries of the Responsible Entity, related
           bodies corporate and Directors and Secretaries of related bodies corporate) out of APA scheme property during the financial
           year are disclosed in Note 28 to the financial statements.
           Except as disclosed in this report, neither the Responsible Entity nor any of its associates holds any APA securities.
           The number of APA securities issued during the financial year, and the number of APA securities on issue at the end of the
           financial year, are disclosed in Note 21 to the financial statements.
           The value of APA’s assets as at the end of the financial year is disclosed in the balance sheet in total assets, and the basis of
           valuation is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
           18. Rounding of Amounts
           APA is an entity of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 and, in accordance with that Class Order,
           amounts in the Directors’ report and the financial report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars, unless otherwise indicated.
           19. Corporate Governance Statement
           Corporate Governance Statement for the financial year is available at APA’s website on https://www.apa.com.au/about-
           apa/our-organisation/corporate-governance/.
           20. Authorisation
           The Directors’ Report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to
           section 298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.
           On behalf of the Directors




           Michael Fraser                                                         Debra Goodin
           Chairman                                                               Director
           Sydney, 21 August 2019




           44 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        Letter from the Chairman of the People and Remuneration Committee
                        Dear Securityholders,
                        I am pleased to present APA Group’s Financial Year 2019 (FY2019) Remuneration Report (Report).
                        While the Report covers the FY2019 reporting period, I also wanted to highlight some of the changes to the APA leadership




For personal use only
                        that have taken place early in the new financial year and provide an overview to the changes arising from a review of APA’s
                        executive remuneration strategy.
                        APA operates in a rapidly changing business environment and the Board considers the attraction and retention of world class
                        executives as key to the company’s success. Mick McCormack led APA since 2005, playing a pivotal role in its success and
                        laying the foundation for APA’s performance over the longer term.
                        With the announcement of Mick’s retirement, the Board conducted a global external and internal search for his replacement,
                        reflecting the Board’s commitment to appointing an executive of the highest calibre. In early July 2019, Rob Wheals took up
                        the position of APA’s Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director.
                        Throughout the year, the Board embarked on a thorough review of its executive reward framework. The result of this review
                        is a number of changes to APA’s remuneration strategy for FY2020 and beyond.
                        The details of these changes are provided within the Report and include:
                        — The introduction of a greater relative weighting to the long term incentive;
                        — A short term incentive deferral plan; and
                        — An equity based performance rights plan.
                        These initiatives reflect the feedback from our stakeholders concerning the need to ensure that remuneration outcomes are
                        appropriately aligned with our performance over the longer term. They are underpinned by a commitment to creating long
                        term sustainable value for our Securityholders and supporting our customers and the communities in which we operate.




                        Peter Wasow
                        Chairman – People and Remuneration Committee
                        21 August 2019


                        1. Individuals covered by this Remuneration Report
                        The Remuneration Report for APA for FY2019 has been prepared in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        The information provided in this Report has been audited as required by Section 308(3C) of the Corporations Action 2001,
                        unless indicated otherwise, and forms part of the Directors’ Report. This Report includes the following Key Management
                        Personnel (KMP):
                        — Non-executive Directors (NEDs) – current and former; and
                        — Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP).
                        Name                                         Role                                                                               Term as NED/KMP in 2019

                        NEDs
                        Michael Fraser                               Chairman                                                                           Full year
                        Steven (Steve) Crane                         Director                                                                           Full year
                        James Fazzino                                Director                                                                           Part year (1)
                        Debra (Debbie) Goodin                        Director                                                                           Full year
                        Shirley In’t Veld                            Director                                                                           Full year
                        Peter Wasow                                  Director                                                                           Full year
                        Russell Higgins AO                           Director (former)                                                                  Part year (2)
                        Patricia McKenzie                            Director (former)                                                                  Part year (3)

                        Executive KMP
                        Michael (Mick) McCormack                     Chief Executive Officer/Managing Director (CEO/MD)                                 Full year
                        Peter Fredricson                             Chief Financial Officer (CFO)                                                      Full year
                        Ross Gersbach                                Chief Executive Strategy and Development                                           Full year
                        Robert (Rob) Wheals                          Group Executive Transmission                                                       Full year



                        1) Appointed 21 February 2019.
                        2) Retired 20 February 2019.
                        3) Retired 8 March 2019.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 45
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           2. Executive Summary
           2.1 FY2019 Remuneration highlights
           The table below provides a snapshot of the outcomes under the relevant remuneration frameworks.
           APA’s financial performance FY2015 to FY2019
           Normalised financial results (4)                                                                           FY2015              FY2016       FY2017             FY2018         FY2019




For personal use only
           Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortisation(EBITDA)($m)                                         822.3           1,330.5        1,470.1           1,518.5        1,573.8
           Profit after tax ($m)                                                                                          203.9             179.5            236.8          264.8            288.0
           Operating cash flow per security (cents)                    (5)
                                                                                                                            56.3               77.1             87.1          90.7            85.8
           Distribution per security (cents) (6)                                                                           38.0              41.5             43.5            45.0            47.0
           Closing security price at 30 June ($)                                                                           8.24             9.24                9.17          9.85           10.80

           Fixed pay                                                                                 Total remuneration outcomes

           Some fixed pay adjustments                                                                The focus of APA’s variable                                         otal remune
                                                                      fixed pay in                                                                                     et
           were made to reflect the                                ge             cr                 remuneration is to reflect                                                     r
                                                                 ra                                                                                                  ag
           increased size, scope and                       Av                                 se     management’s contribution                               Av                        ion
                                                             e                              ea                                                                 er                    at


                                                                  3.6%                                                                                               -3.8%
           complexity of executive                                                                   to APA’s business outcomes
           roles. These roles were                                                                   during the performance
           benchmarked against                                                                       period. The average total
           external positions of a                                                                   remuneration was down                                    in c                   M
                                                                                                                                                                                         P
           comparable nature and size.                         fo                                    3.8% on FY2018.                                              as
                                                                                                                                                                 re
                                                                                                P                                                                                    e
                                                                                                                                                                                     K
                                                                  r                                                                                                    ef
                                                                      Exe
                                                                             c u t iv e K
                                                                                            M                                                                            or Executiv



           Short term incentive
           STI performance continues to be assessed against a
           balanced scorecard.
           STI awards are subject to the performance gateway
           of Operating Cash Flow per Security (OCFPS).                                                          FY2018                                                 FY2019
           For FY2019, OCFPS performance was assessed at
           111.2% out of a maximum of 150%. This provides the
           total opportunity to which the individual executive                                                   79.0%                                                     73.1%
           performance outcomes are applied.
                                                                                                                                 STI outcome as % maximum


           Long term incentive                                                                      120                                                                                           0
           Reflecting the link between organisational performance
                                                                                                    90                                                                                         20
           and executive reward, APA achieved a relative
           percentile rating of 59.5%, which equated to a grant                                     60                                                                                         40

           of 77.3% of eligible reference units under the Relative                                  30                                                                                         60
           TSR performance hurdle. The internal hurdle, EBITDA/
           Funds Employed (FE), achieved an outcome of 119.5%.                                      0                                                                                         80

           This means that 98.4% of the total LTI opportunity will                                  (30)                                                                                      100
           be awarded in respect of the FY2019 financial year.                                          JUN 14       JUN 15           JUN 16           JUN 17            JUN 18          JUN 19

                                                                                                           APA    ASX/S&P 200 Utilities        ASX/S&P 100       APA Market Cap Ranking in ASX100



           Minimum security holding requirements
           The Directors, CEO/MD and CFO met the minimum security holding requirement, while the remaining Executive KMP
           continued to progress towards the expected level for this requirement.

           Non-executive Director fees
           Non-executive Director (NED) fees had remained unchanged since FY2017. In FY2019, a review of the NED fees against the
           market was undertaken. This analysis considered NED fees for organisations of a comparable market capitalisation and
           commercial ‘footprint’, and an assessment of the level of fee required to attract and retain talented individuals. Following
           this review, the Board determined to apply a moderate increase of 2% to NED fees, excluding the Chairman and retiring
           members, effective 1 January 2019.
           No changes have been made to Committee fees.




           4) Normalised financial results are the statutory financial results excluding significant items. The Board considers these measures to best reflect the core earnings of APA.
           5) The number of securities used for the calculation of operating cash flow per security from FY2015 to FY2018 has been adjusted by an adjustment factor of 1.0038
              to reflect the discounted rights offer issued in March 2018. The average number of securities for FY2015 has been further adjusted by an adjustment factor of
              1.0360 to reflect the discounted rights offer issued between 23 December 2014 and 25 January 2015.
           6) Represents the total distribution applicable to the financial year.

           46 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        2.2 FY2019 Remuneration
                        The table below summarises the actual remuneration that the current executive KMP became entitled to in respect of services
                        provided in FY2019. These amounts were either paid during the year or will be paid subsequently to the end of the financial
                        year.
                                                                                                           Fixed pay (7)                    STI (8)        LTI vested (9)                   Total




For personal use only
                        Name                                                                                        $                          $                     $                         $

                        M McCormack                                                                        2,005,000                  1,649,920                 1,527,167             5,182,087
                        P Fredricson                                                                          926,000                   510,970                 474,360                1,911,330
                        R Gersbach                                                                            945,000                   497,220                 484,120               1,926,340
                        R Wheals                                                                             850,000                   480,670                   394,190              1,724,860

                        This table supplements, and is different to, the Statutory Remuneration table in section 8.1, which presents the accounting
                        expense for both vested and unvested awards in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards.
                        2.3 Looking ahead to Financial Year 2020 (FY2020)
                        The Board undertook an extensive review of its executive reward framework over the last 12 months. The objective being to
                        ensure that the executive team is rewarded for focusing on what they can influence and how they can effectively execute
                        APA’s business strategy. Performance outcomes should also reflect the expectations of Securityholders.
                        This goal is achieved through a significant element of remuneration being at risk, largely delivered through equity, by setting
                        challenging STI measures and by ensuring that LTI performance measures encourage the delivery of long term value creation
                        to APA’s Securityholders. The specific content of these changes is detailed below.
                        It should be noted that these changes are effective 1 July 2019 and do not impact the delivery of remuneration outcomes for
                        the FY2019 performance period. As part of the transition to the new executive remuneration framework, APA will operate
                        two LTI plans for FY2020.

                        Pay Mix                 The appointment of a new CEO/MD provided an opportunity to consider how the balance between fixed
                                                and variable pay was aligned to APA’s longer term business model. As part of the broader review, the pay
                                                mix for the incoming CEO/MD was weighted more towards longer term performance and value creation
                                                for Securityholders.


                        Fixed pay               We will continue to set fixed pay levels with reference to comparable external benchmarks.




                        Short term              From FY2020 we are moving from a 100% cash based STI plan to a proportion of the STI award now
                        incentive (STI)         being delivered in deferred securities. Under the terms of the new STI plan, executives will be required to
                                                defer a third of their STI into APA securities for at least two years until such time as the executive achieves
                                                the minimum securityholding requirement. Once that requirement is met the executive can receive their
                                                STI as 100% cash.
                                                The purpose of introducing a deferred element to the STI is to enhance the alignment between the
                                                interests of Securityholders and the executives by building the security holdings of executives.
                                                Consistent with prior financial years, balanced scorecards will be established for each Executive KMP,
                                                covering key performance indicators across financial and risk management, strategic, people and culture,
                                                safety and environment with measures for target and stretch outcomes in FY2020.

                        Long term               FY2020 will see the implementation of a new LTI plan. Under this new plan we are moving from a cash-
                        incentive (LTI)         settled LTI plan to an equity-settled performance rights plan. The Board continues to believe that the
                                                LTI plan provides the most effective link between executive retention and alignment with the creation of
                                                longer term Securityholder value. Accordingly, effective 1 July 2019, the Executive KMP will be eligible to
                                                participate in an equity-settled performance rights plan.
                                                The purpose of moving from a cash-settled LTI plan to an equity-settled one is to drive the longer term
                                                outlook for executives by aligning executive and Securityholder interests, whilst continuing to attract,
                                                motivate and retain leadership talent.
                                                Performance will be assessed over a three-year performance period, and vesting of performance rights
                                                will occur over the following three years, i.e. one third at the end of year three, one third at the end of year
                                                four and the outstanding third at the end of year five.




                        7) Fixed pay is inclusive of cash salary and any salary sacrifice items (including any relevant fringe benefits tax) such as car parking, motor vehicles and superannuation.
                        8) STI refers to performance achieved in FY2019 and is paid in September 2019.
                        9) LTI vested refers to the cash amount to be paid in September 2019, based on the VWAP of $11.0155 and number of reference units that vested in August 2019 as
                           outlined in section 8.3.

                                                                                                                                          APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 47
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           3. Executive Remuneration Framework
           The Board recognises remuneration plays an important role in both supporting and implementing the achievement of APA’s
           operational strategy over both the short and longer terms. The key principles of the remuneration policy are to:
           — Ensure the remuneration model is aligned with APA’s business strategy and its execution;
           — Provide competitive rewards to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled executives;




For personal use only
           — Ensure an appropriate component of remuneration is linked to the creation of value for our investors; and
           — Promote the right behaviour and culture for the organisation to grow and perform.
           3.1 Remuneration overview for FY2019
           The following timeline illustrates the time frame for the assessment and delivery of fixed remuneration and variable reward
           under the current plans.


           Jul 16                   Jul 17                Jul 18                Jul 19                     Jul 20                   Jul 21              Jul 22               Jul 23




                                                                   Fixed Pay         Fixed pay for following year assessed August 2019


                                                                    STI                            Award based on performance 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019
                                                                                         STI
                                                               performance                         Paid September 2019


                                                                                         1/3 vesting (after 1 year)


                          LTI – allocation performance period                                        1/3 vesting (after 2 years)


                                                                                                               1/3 vesting (after 3 years)




           3.2 Remuneration structure for FY2019
           The graphs below provide an overview of the pay mix for Executive KMP. Each remuneration element is expressed as a
           percentage of the target total reward opportunity.




                    30%                                                                  25%


                                                                                                  Other
                          CEO /MD                   40%                                          Executive                  50%

                                                                                                   KMP

                            30%                                                                   25%



                        Fixed pay       STI   LTI                                              Fixed pay     STI      LTI




           48 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        3.2 Remuneration structure for FY2019 (continued)
                        Fixed pay
                        Fixed pay includes base salary and any salary sacrifice items (including any relevant fringe benefits tax) such as car parking,
                        motor vehicles and superannuation. The level of fixed pay is based on a number of factors, including the skills and experience
                        of the individual, external market positioning and the size and complexity of the role.




For personal use only
                        APA benchmarks each Executive KMP role against external positions in companies with comparable market capitalisation,
                        similar industries and key comparators to gain a comprehensive view of all elements of executive remuneration.
                        Variable reward
                        Variable reward consists of incentive schemes which focus on APA and individual performance on an annual (STI) and longer
                        term (LTI) basis.
                        The ‘gate opener’ for the payment of the STI is determined by the Group’s Operating Cash Flow per Security (OCFPS) for
                        the year. This is then subject to individual performance of executives against key measures. Actual performance against
                        STI objectives is assessed at the end of the financial year. This assessment is reviewed by the People and Remuneration
                        Committee (the Committee). The Committee (in conjunction with the Board) reviews the assessment of each executive’s
                        outcome in light of the overall business performance, and provides final approval of the STI outcomes upon completion of
                        the review.
                        The LTI complements the STI by focussing executives on the long term performance of APA. Under the current LTI plan,
                        performance is assessed over the three years preceding the LTI allocation, based on relative shareholder returns (relative TSR
                        measure) and cash flow leverage achieved based on operating assets (EBITDA/FE measure). The Committee reviews the
                        performance over the preceding three-year period, with the Board providing final approval of the LTI allocation.
                        4. FY2019 Executive Incentive Plans and Outcomes
                        4.1 Short term incentive plan
                        The diagram below outlines the STI plan design for FY2019.


                                                    STI Scorecard                                                        STI opportunity


                         Gate opener and modifier
                                                                                                 Weighting % dependent
                                                                                                                                                                                   Individual
                                                    Scorecard area                                                       Role              Target      Stretch                    STI outcome
                                                                                                                                                                                   (delivered

                          Operating Cash Flow
                                                    Financial & Risk Management                                          CEO / MD          30.0%        45.0%                      in cash in
                                                                                                                                                                                  September)


                                                                                                  on Executive KMP
                                                                                                                         Other
                                                    Strategic
                                                                                                                         Executive

                               per Security
                                                                                                                                           25.0%         37.5%
                                                                                                                         KMP
                                                    Safety & environment

                                                    People & culture




                                                                          STI opportunity is only realisable if the OCFPS gate opener performance set by the Board is met.
                                                                 If the gate opener is met, the STI opportunity available may be modified based on OCFPS performance achieved.
                                                         The adjustment is based on a sliding scale and the STI is either positively or negatively modified depending on the financial result.




                                                                                                                                                APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 49
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           FY2019 STI outcomes – CEO/MD
           The Board reviewed the CEO/MD’s performance in light of APA’s performance in FY2019, taking into account his performance
           against the key performance indicators (KPIs) in his STI scorecard, and determined that the STI outcome is 91.9% of his
           Target. This year’s STI scorecard outcome for the CEO/MD is higher than FY2018.




For personal use only
              FY2019 STI Scorecard outcomes – CEO/MD

              Scorecard Areas                   KPI                                         M McCormack                                 Commentary

           Financial                              Deliver Operating Cash Flow per              Weighting                                  Operating Cash Flow per Security
                                                  Security (OCFPS) targets                                     50%                        (OCFPS) fully achieved
                                                                                               Outcome
                                                                                                                          95.8%
                                                  Delivery of capital projects                                                            Delivery of capital projects largely
                                                                                                                                          achieved




           Strategic                              Regulatory Compliance                        Weighting                                  Regulatory Compliance
                                                  Management                                             30%                              Management largely achieved
                                                                                               Outcome
                                                                                                                       80%




           Safety & Environment                   Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate       Weighting                                 Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate
                                                  (TRIFR)                                         10%                                    (TRIFR) target exceeded

                                                                                               Outcome                     100%
                                                  Environmental Management Plan (EMP)                                                    Delivery of Environmental Management
                                                                                                                                         Plan (EMP) fully achieved for FY2019




           People & Culture
                                                  Key people retention                         Weighting                                  Retention target achieved
                                                                                                  10%

                                                  Diversity & Inclusion                                                                   Diversity & Inclusion plans and targets
                                                                                               Outcome                    100%
                                                                                                                                          achieved




           Scorecard measures for the other Executive KMP reflect the priorities of the relevant area of the business as well as APA as a
           whole. FY2019 STI scorecard outcomes for the Executive KMP ranged between 87.9% and 95.0% of Target (i.e. 100%).
           However, these are individual performance outcomes which are then adjusted by APA’s performance against the OCFPS
           performance modifier, which acts as a form of ‘gate-opener’ and a determinant of the overall STI opportunity.




           50 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        FY2019 performance outcomes – Executive KMP
                        Detailed below are the individual scorecard outcomes for the Executive KMP. While there are a number of shared KPIs,
                        different weightings and KPIs have also been set for each Executive KMP, reflecting the nature of their role and contribution
                        to APA’s business outcomes.




For personal use only
                          FY2019 STI Scorecard outcomes

                          Scorecard Areas                 P Fredricson                                 R Gersbach                                  R Wheals

                        Financial & Risk Management
                                                             Deliver Operating Cash Flow Per              Deliver OCFPS targets                       Deliver OCFPS targets
                                                             Security (OCFPS) targets                     Delivery of capital projects                Delivery of capital projects
                                                             Maintain BBB/Baa2 ratings                                                                Achieve budget Transmission
                                                             Divisional Risk Management                                                               revenue targets
                                                                                                                                                      Divisional Risk Management
                                                              Weighting                                   Weighting                                    Weighting
                                                                               50%                                         45%                                      45%

                                                              Outcome                                     Outcome                                      Outcome
                                                                                           100%                                           93.1%                                   97.8%




                        Strategic                            Capital Management                           Regulatory Compliance                       Regulatory Compliance
                                                             Capacity Trading & Auction                   Management                                  Management, Customer, Safety,
                                                             (CT&A) delivery                                                                          Operations & Resource
                                                                                                                                                      Management, Capacity Trading &
                                                                                                                                                      Auction (CT&A) delivery
                                                              Weighting                                   Weighting                                    Weighting
                                                                        35%                                          30%                                      25%

                                                              Outcome                                     Outcome                                      Outcome
                                                                                       85.7%                                         80%                                         88%




                        Safety & Environment                 Total Recordable Injury Frequency           Total Recordable Injury Frequency            Total Recordable Injury Frequency
                                                             Rate (TRIFR)                                Rate (TRIFR)                                 Rate (TRIFR)
                                                                                                                                                      Transmission Operations Safety plan
                                                                                                                                                      Environmental Management Plan
                                                                                                                                                      (EMP) delivery
                                                              Weighting                                    Weighting                                   Weighting
                                                                5%                                          5%                                              15%

                                                              Outcome                      100%            Outcome                        100%         Outcome                   93.3%




                        People & Culture                     Leadership & Succession                      Orbost operational readiness                Diversity & Inclusion
                                                             Next generation IT strategic plan            Key people retention                        Customer Centricity program




                                                              Weighting                                   Weighting                                    Weighting
                                                                 10%                                             20%                                        15%

                                                              Outcome                75%                  Outcome                        85%           Outcome                    100%




                        FY2019 STI outcomes – Executive KMP
                        The table below provides an overview of the STI outcomes for FY2019, representing the combination of both individual
                        performance outcomes (against agreed objectives) and the application of the STI Plan modifier (i.e. the OCFPS performance
                        level of 111.2% out of a maximum of 150%).
                        In recognition of the strong leadership and performance of the Executive during the defence of the CKI bid, which was not
                        adequately recognised in individual scorecards, the Board has granted an additional 5% of maximum opportunity to the final
                        STI outcomes of each Executive KMP.
                                                                                             STI earned                       STI forfeited

                                                                                                  % of maximum		 % of maximum
                        Executive KMP                                                              opportunity (10) $ earned opportunity                                       $ foregone

                        M McCormack                                                                           73.1%                1,649,920                  26.9%                  605,705
                        P Fredricson                                                                          73.6%                  510,970                  26.4%                  183,530
                        R Gersbach                                                                           70.2%                   497,220                  29.8%                  211,530
                        R Wheals                                                                              75.4%                 480,670                   24.6%                  156,830




                        10) The STI earned as % of maximum opportunity includes the additional 5% Board discretion.

                                                                                                                                           APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 51
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           4.2 Long term incentive plan
           Executive KMP have a target LTI opportunity of 100% of their allocated percentage of total reward, increasing to a maximum
           of 150%, where outstanding performance is achieved against the performance hurdles. The diagram below outlines the LTI
           plan design for FY2019.




For personal use only
           Jul 16                   Jul 17                      Jul 18                      Jul 19                     Jul 20                       Jul 21                   Jul 22


               Relative TSR (50%)                                                                    1/3 vesting
               Measured relative to a peer group comprising of S&P/ASX 100                           after one year
               constituents and over the three financial years preceding the
               allocation of reference units.

                                                                                                           1/3 vesting after two years

               EBITDA/FE (50%)
               Measured over the three financial years preceding the allocation
               of reference units.                                                                                      1/3 vesting after three years


                                                 Allocation of reference units based on relative TSR and EBITDA/FE performance
                                                    using a 30-day VWAP. Reference units are settled in cash, and do not entitle
                                               the executive to voting rights or distributions. There is no retesting of the allocation.


           Determining the number of reference units

           Relative TSR           A sliding scale is set each year to deliver between 0% and 150% of eligible reference units, where the
                                  performance gateway is the achievement of the 50th percentile over a three-year period.

           EBITDA/FE              A sliding scale also ranges between 0% and 150%, which becomes progressively more challenging with
                                  the maximum amount of 150% available only when EBITDA/FE performance is significantly above the
                                  agreed financial metrics.

           Allocation schedules
           Measure             Performance outcome                                        Allocation outcome
                               Less than 50 percentile                                    0% of eligible reference units
           Relative TSR
                               Between 50 percentile and 82.5 percentile Sliding scale between 0% and 150% of eligible reference units

                               Less than 10.844%                                          0% of eligible reference units
           EBITDA/FE
                               Greater than 10.844%                                       Sliding scale between 80% and 150% of eligible reference units

           FY2019 LTI outcomes
           Eligible executives received cash-settled reference units with an allocation date of August 2019 (vesting in August and paid in
           September over the three following years of 2020, 2021 and 2022 in equal parts). The table below provides a summary of LTI
           awards based on performance against the hurdles for the current and previous three years.
                                                                                                        Performance assessment
                                                                                                                                                         LTI awarded % of
           Year allocation                                                                 Relative TSR (50%)            EBITDA/FE (50%)               maximum allocation

           FY2016                                                                                             85.3                         62.9                               74.1
           FY2017                                                                                              73.4                        83.2                              78.3
           FY2018                                                                                              0.0                         63.6                              31.8
           FY2019                                                                                              51.5                         79.7                             65.6

           Below is a summary of LTI allocations relating to FY2019 based on performance against the hurdles over the three-year
           performance period. These units were allocated in August 2019.
                                                                                                           Number of reference               Potential value of allocation
           Executive KMP                                                                                       units allocated                           yet to vest ($) (11)

           M McCormack                                                                                                       134,325                                   1,479,657
           P Fredricson                                                                                                         41,358                                  455,579
           R Gersbach                                                                                                           42,207                                   464,931
           R Wheals                                                                                                             37,962                                   418,170




           11) The potential value of the allocation has been estimated based on the cash award valuations at the allocation date.

           52 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        5. Other Remuneration Elements
                        5.1 Contractual arrangements
                        Remuneration arrangements for Executive KMP are formalised in individual employment agreements. Termination arrangements,
                        in addition to normal statutory entitlements, are summarised in the table below.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      Additional payments on                  Payments on
                                                     Contract type          Notice period                             termination without cause               termination with cause
                        CEO/MD –                     Permanent              12 months’ notice without                 Restraint payment                       By APA: Nil
                        outgoing (12)                                       cause by either APA                                                               By CEO/MD for
                                                                            or CEO/MD                                                                         Good Reasons –
                                                                            APA may provide                                                                   Restraint payment
                                                                            payment in lieu of notice

                        Executive KMP,               Permanent              Six months’ notice without                By APA: termination           Nil
                        other than CEO/MD                                   cause by either APA or KMP                payment of 13 weeks’ pay (13)
                                                                            APA may provide                           By KMP: Nil
                                                                            payment in lieu of notice

                        Mr McCormack retired on 5 July 2019 and in line with his Employment Agreement, the calculation of the payment in lieu of
                        service is equal to 105% of the CEO/MD’s fixed pay for the period not worked plus 105% of his STI and LTI opportunities
                        (pro‑rated for the period not worked). The LTI component is paid out over three years after termination. Mr McCormack
                        would also be entitled to a “restraint” payment for agreeing not to work for a competitor for a further period of 12 months
                        for which $5.3 million has been accrued as at 30 June 2019. This payment is equal to 105% of the CEO/MD’s fixed pay plus
                        105% of his STI opportunity for 12 months. The LTI component (also at 105%) is paid out over three years after termination.
                        The remuneration arrangements for the incoming CEO/MD, Rob Wheals, for FY2020 were disclosed in the announcement of
                        his appointment on 13 May 2019.
                        5.2 Additional provisions
                        The table below summarises additional provisions as they relate to the remuneration of Executive KMP for FY2019.
                        Provision                          STI                                                               LTI
                        Malus / Clawback                   The Board in its discretion may determine that some, or all, of an Executive KMP's STI and/or
                                                           LTI awards be forfeited or be subject to a clawback in the event of misconduct or of a material
                                                           misstatement in the year-end financial statements in the preceding three years.

                        Cessation of employment If a participant resigns or is dismissed                                     If a participant resigns or is dismissed (with or
                                                (with or without notice), any unpaid STI                                     without notice), all unvested reference units are
                                                awards are forfeited. If an employee leaves                                  forfeited. If an employee leaves for any other
                                                for any other reason, an STI award may be                                    reason, the Board determines the number of
                                                paid out based on the proportion of the period                               reference units which will lapse or are retained,
                                                that has passed and performance at the time                                  subject to vesting on the original schedule.
                                                of cessation (subject to Board discretion).

                        Change of control                  Subject to Board discretion, if a change of                       Subject to Board discretion, if a change
                                                           control occurs, an STI award will be paid                         of control occurs, all previously allocated
                                                           out based on the proportion of the period                         reference units will vest to the extent to which
                                                           that has passed at the time of change of                          performance conditions have been met, i.e.
                                                           control to the extent to which performance                        tenure. A further number of reference units will
                                                           conditions have been met.                                         be allocated based on the proportion of the
                                                                                                                             period that has passed in the current financial
                                                                                                                             year at the time of change of control and will
                                                                                                                             also vest on change of control.

                        5.3 Minimum security ownership requirement
                        The minimum security ownership requirement helps to ensure the alignment of the interests of Directors, Executive KMP
                        and investors.
                        Executive KMP (14) are expected to grow their holding to the minimum security ownership requirement within five years from
                        the date of the implementation of the Minimum Security Holding Policy in 2016. These security holdings have to be acquired
                        from post-tax income as APA does not currently have an equity-settled LTI (this will change in the new LTI plan in FY2020).
                        As at 30 June 2019:
                        — The minimum security ownership requirement for the CEO/MD equals his annual gross fixed pay; and
                        — The minimum security ownership requirement for Executive KMP is 50% of their annual gross fixed pay.



                        12) The notice period of 12 months refers to outgoing CEO/MD, Mick McCormack.
                        13) Both the payment in lieu and the 13 weeks’ termination payments are calculated using the KMP’s fixed pay. The 13 weeks’ termination payment is inclusive of
                            any statutory redundancy pay.
                        14) Subsequently appointed Executive KMP have three years from their date of appointment to meet the minimum security ownership requirement.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 53
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           5.4 Sign-on / loans / termination payments provided to Executive KMP
           APA did not pay any sign-on payments to Executive KMP during FY2019.
           No loans have been made to any Executive KMP and/or related parties.
           No termination payments have been made to Executive KMP during FY2019.




For personal use only
           Mr McCormack’s retirement, announced on 13 December 2018, was effective on 5 July 2019. Mr McCormack received a
           termination payment (before withholding taxes and superannuation obligation) of $6,592,545 at the time his employment
           ceased. This included his fixed pay entitlements, accrued statutory leave entitlements, and payments in lieu of notice and
           restraint including the STI components. As Mr McCormack’s last date of employment falls in FY2020, the details of his
           termination payment, in addition to outstanding LTI contractual entitlements, will be reported in the FY2020 Report.
           6. Non-executive Directors
           6.1 Determination of Non-executive Director fees
           The Board seeks to attract and retain high calibre Non-executive Directors (NEDs) who are equipped with diverse skills to
           oversee all functions of APA in an increasingly complex environment. NED fees comprise:
           — A Board fee;
           — An additional fee for serving on a committee of the Board;
           — An additional fee for serving as Chairman of a committee; and
           — Statutory superannuation contributions.
           NEDs do not receive incentive payments or participate in incentive plans of any type. One-off ‘per diems’ may be paid in
           exceptional circumstances. No payments were made under this arrangement in this or the prior reporting period. Fees are
           inclusive of superannuation contributions which are provided in accordance with the statutory requirements under the
           Superannuation Guarantee Act.
           The Board Chairman does not receive additional fees for attending committee meetings.
           6.2 Aggregate fee pool
           The aggregate fee pool for NEDs at 30 June 2019 is $2,500,000 (inclusive of the applicable superannuation guarantee levy).
           This has not changed since 2017.
           6.3 Director fees
           While NED fees had remained unchanged since 2017, effective 1 January 2019, a moderate increase of 2% was applied to
           NED member fees. The fee increase does not apply to the Chairman and retiring members and no changes have been made
           to Committee fees.
                                                                                                       Effective 1 January 2019
                                                                                                                                             Chairman                  Member
           Fees (inclusive of superannuation)                                                                                                   $000                    $000

           Board                                                                                                                                    511.4                   177.6
           Audit and Risk Management Committee                                                                                                       47.9                    23.9
           Health, Safety and Environment Committee                                                                                                  39.9                     19.9
           People and Remuneration Committee                                                                                                         39.9                     19.9
           Nominations Committee                                                                                                             None paid               None paid

           6.4 Minimum security ownership requirement
           NEDs are expected to hold securities to a value which is not less than the annual base Board fee (before tax and excluding
           fees applicable to membership of Committees). This level of security holding is to be held throughout their tenure as NEDs
           and is a requirement of their employment agreement. As at 30 June 2019, all NEDs met this requirement.




           54 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        7. Remuneration Governance
                        7.1 Role of People and Remuneration Committee
                        The Committee has been established by the Board to oversee Executive KMP and NED remuneration. The purpose of the
                        Committee is to oversee the development of APA’s people and remuneration strategies and frameworks to support the
                        achievement of APA’s business objectives. Specifically, the Committee will ensure there is a robust remuneration and reward




For personal use only
                        system that aligns employee, investor and customer interests, promotes a positive culture and facilitates effective attraction,
                        retention and development of a diverse and talented workforce. The Committee's activities are governed by its Charter (a
                        copy of which is available on APA's website: https://www.apa.com.au/about-apa/our-organisation/corporate-governance/).
                        In addition to making recommendations regarding APA’s remuneration strategy and policy, people and diversity and inclusion
                        matters, the Committee is specifically responsible for:
                        — Recommending to the Board any adjustment of Directors’ fees, including Committee fees, for APA;
                        — Annually reviewing and assessing APA’s performance and remuneration strategy and frameworks, including making
                          recommendations to the Board regarding whether APA’s remuneration policies are aligned with its core values, purpose,
                          strategic direction and risk appetite;
                        — Recommending remuneration for the CEO/MD and all executives reporting to the CEO/MD, including considering whether there
                          is a robust performance assessment process in place and, in consultation with the Audit and Risk Management Committee,
                          whether proposed remuneration outcomes are appropriate in light of relevant risk outcomes and corporate culture;
                        — Recommending the short and long term performance objectives for the CEO/MD and all executives reporting to the CEO/
                          MD, and assessment of performance against those objectives;
                        — Developing and recommending the appointment, retention and termination policy and procedures for the CEO/MD;
                        — Recommending the ‘at-risk’ elements of remuneration and performance targets for APA’s financial performance as they
                          relate to incentives, including all awards made under APA’s long term incentive plan;
                        — Reviewing and recommending changes to the contract terms of the CEO/MD or to any aspect of their remuneration not
                          specifically addressed elsewhere in the Charter;
                        — Approving, and providing to the Board for its noting prior to implementation, any changes to the contract terms of any
                          member of the Executive Committee, or to any aspect of their remuneration not specifically addressed elsewhere in
                          the Charter;
                        — Reviewing and approving people strategies and frameworks to ensure that they support APA’s business objectives over
                          the short and longer terms, enabling APA to attract, develop, retain and motivate employees who deliver outstanding
                          operational performance;
                        — Reviewing and recommending APA’s diversity policy, and assessing the effectiveness of practices and initiatives with
                          respect to gender and other diversity in the workforce;
                        — Recommending to the Board measurable objectives for achieving greater diversity across APA and, on an annual basis,
                          reviewing and reporting to the Board on APA’s progress against them;
                        — Reviewing and making recommendations to the Board in relation to whether there is any gender or other inappropriate
                          bias in remuneration outcomes for directors, executives or other employees;
                        — Reviewing executive and people leader development and senior succession planning (excluding CEO/MD succession which
                          is the responsibility of the Nomination Committee); and
                        — Overseeing the development of people and culture programs including corporate values and the Code of Conduct, which
                          support a high performance environment and provide alignment with business strategy and requirements.
                        7.2 Composition of the Committee
                        The members of the Committee, all of whom are independent NEDs, are:
                        — Peter Wasow (Chairman);
                        — Steve Crane;
                        — Shirley In’t Veld; and
                        — Patricia McKenzie (15)
                        The CEO/MD and nominated senior executives attend meetings of the Committee by invitation. The Committee met four
                        times during the year.
                        7.3 Use of external advisors
                        The Committee seeks external professional advice from time to time on matters within its terms of reference. Remuneration
                        advisors are engaged by the Committee and report directly to the Committee. During FY2019, the following remuneration
                        information was obtained and considered by the Committee:
                        — Ernst & Young provided remuneration benchmarking information and assisted with remuneration governance;
                        — KPMG provided remuneration benchmarking information and reviewed the executive remuneration framework; and
                        — Orient Capital (part of the Link Group) provided relative TSR benchmarking analysis.
                        No recommendations were made by these external advisors regarding remuneration arrangements. APA employs internal
                        remuneration professionals, providing analysis to the Committee and Board. This advice is used as a guide, and does not serve
                        as a substitute for the thorough consideration of the issues by each Director.



                        15) Retired 8 March 2019.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 55
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           8. Statutory Tables
           The following tables outline the amounts recognised as an expense in the respective years, determined in accordance with the
           relevant accounting standards.
           8.1 Executive KMP Statutory Remuneration (16)




For personal use only
                                                                            Short-Term                                Post-
                                                                       Employment Benefits $                   Employment $                 LTI Plans $
           		                                                                                  Awarded                  Super-         Security-Based                        Total
             Salary (17)                                                                         STI (18)            annuation            Payments (19)                         $

           M McCormack (20)
           2019                                                      1,980,000                1,649,920                  25,000                1,515,047               5,169,967
           2018                                                      1,930,000                1,708,690                  25,000                1,479,646                5,143,336

           P Fredricson
           2019                                                        901,000                  510,970                  25,000                  469,591               1,906,561
           2018                                                        878,000                   532,960                 25,000                  472,995               1,908,955

           R Gersbach
           2019                                                          918,334                497,220                   26,666                 479,246                1,921,466
           2018                                                          904,931                535,330                   20,049                 488,139               1,948,449

           R Wheals
           2019                                                        825,000                  480,670                  25,000                  400,124               1,730,794
           2018                                                        755,000                  503,680                  25,000                  381,368               1,665,048

           Total Remuneration
           2019                                                       4,624,334               3,138,780                  101,666             2,864,008               10,728,788

           2018                                                        4,467,931              3,280,660                   95,049               2,822,148             10,665,788




           16) This table outlines the total remuneration earned by Executive KMP during FY2018 and FY2019, calculated in accordance with the relevant accounting standard,
               AASB 2: Share-based Payments (AASB 2).
           17) Salary includes both fixed pay and any salary sacrificed items, such as motor vehicles or car parking (including any applicable fringe benefits tax). It is exclusive
               of any superannuation contributions.
           18) Awarded STI relates to that element of remuneration which is earned by the Executive KMP in respect of performance during each financial year (or for the
               relevant period that they were KMP as set out in the Report).
           19) With regards to the LTI, AASB 2 requires three equal instalments to be amortised over a four year period, that is the year of service to which the LTI allocation
               is awarded plus the following three year period in which the reference units vest. Cash settled reference units which were allocated during FY2019, based on an
               estimated VWAP of $11.0155.
           20) Mr McCormack’s retirement, announced on 13 December 2018, was effective on 5 July 2019. Mr McCormack’s termination payments (before withholding taxes
               and superannuation obligation) are disclosed in sections 5.1 and 5.4 of this Report.

           56 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        remuneration report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        8.2 NED Statutory Remuneration Disclosure
                                                                                                                              Short-term                   Post-
                                                                                                                             employment              employment
                                                                                                                                 benefits               benefits
                                                                                                                                        Fees Superannuation                            Total




For personal use only
                        Financial Year                                                                                                     $              $                               $

                        M Fraser
                        FY2019                                                                                                     467,000                  44,400                  511,400
                        FY2018                                                                                                      377,667                  35,900                 413,567
                        S Crane
                        FY2019                                                                                                    200,600                    19,050                 219,650
                        FY2018                                                                                                      208,125                   19,775                227,900
                        D Goodin
                        FY2019                                                                                                     222,500                    21,150               243,650
                        FY2018                                                                                                       211,775                  20,125                231,900
                        S In’t Veld   (21)


                        FY2019                                                                                                     203,507                    19,362               222,869
                        FY2018                                                                                                       56,252                    5,355                  61,607
                        P Wasow     (22)


                        FY2019                                                                                                     218,850                   20,750                239,600
                        FY2018                                                                                                       62,527                    5,930                 68,457
                        J Fazzino (23)
                        FY2019                                                                                                       72,455                   6,880                  79,335
                        R Higgins AO (24)
                        FY2019                                                                                                     144,800                    13,733                158,533
                        FY2018                                                                                                      217,200                 20,600                 237,800
                        P McKenzie (25)
                        FY2019                                                                                                      134,919                  12,843                  147,762
                        FY2018                                                                                                     195,400                   18,600                214,000
                        L Bleasel AM         (26)


                        FY2018                                                                                                       152,129                 14,464                 166,593
                        J Fletcher    (27)


                        FY2018                                                                                                     144,800                    13,733                158,533
                        Total
                        FY2019                                                                                                    1,664,631                 158,168               1,822,799

                        FY2018                                                                                                    1,625,875                 154,482               1,780,357




                        21) Appointed 19 March 2018.
                        22) Appointed 19 March 2018.
                        23) Appointed 21 February 2019.
                        24) Retired 20 February 2019.
                        25) Retired 8 March 2019.
                        26) Retired 27 October 2017.
                        27) Retired 21 February 2018.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 57
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           remuneration report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           8.3 Outstanding LTI awards
           The following table sets out the movements in the number of LTI reference units and the number of LTI reference units that
           have been allocated to executives but have not yet vested or been paid, and the years in which they will vest.
                                                                                                                                   Reference units allocated that have
                                                                              Cash         Closing Units subject                     not yet vested or been paid and




For personal use only
                                             Opening       Units            settled        balance to allocation                    the months in which they will vest
                         Allocation        balance at allocated          reference           at 30 by the Board
                              date          1 Jul 2018   in 2019         units paid       Jun 2019  in Aug 2019                Aug 19        Aug 20         Aug 21        Aug 22

           M McCormack 2015                      62,871                    (62,871)
                                2016           103,872                      (51,936)          51,936                            51,936
                                2017           188,742                      (62,914)        125,828                             62,914        62,914
                                2018                          71,364                          71,364                           23,788        23,788         23,788
                                2019                                                                            134,325                      44,775         44,775        44,775
                                Total                                                                                        138,638         131,477       68,563         44,775

           P Fredricson         2015             21,354                     (21,354)
                                2016            32,758                      (16,379)          16,379                            16,379
                                2017            58,077                      (19,359)          38,718                            19,359        19,359
                                2018                          21,975                          21,975                             7,325         7,325          7,325
                                2019                                                                             41,358                       13,786        13,786         13,786
                                Total                                                                                          43,063        40,470           21,111      13,786
           R Gersbach           2015             22,531                     (22,531)
                                2016            33,426                      (16,713)          16,713                            16,713
                                2017             59,271                     (19,757)          39,514                            19,757        19,757
                                2018                          22,437                          22,437                             7,479         7,479          7,479
                                2019                                                                            42,207                       14,069         14,069        14,069
                                Total                                                                                          43,949        41,305         21,548        14,069

           R Wheals             2015             16,152                     (16,152)
                                2016            26,598                      (13,299)          13,299                           13,299
                                2017            48,477                      (16,159)          32,318                            16,159        16,159
                                2018                          18,981                          18,981                             6,327         6,327          6,327
                                2019                                                                             37,962                       12,654        12,654         12,654
                                Total                                                                                          35,785        35,140         18,981        12,654

           8.4 Security holdings
           The following table sets out the relevant interests of current NEDs and Executive KMP in APA securities:
                                                                     Opening Balance                        Securities                   Securities          Closing Balance
           Year ended 30 June 2019                                     at 1 July 2018                        Acquired                    Disposed            at 30 June 2019

           Non-executive Directors
           M Fraser                                                               102,942                              —                           —                    102,942
           S Crane                                                               130,000                               —                           —                   130,000
           J Fazzino (28)                                                                 —                      31,751                            —                       31,751
           D Goodin                                                               23,000                               —                           —                     23,000
           S In’t Veld                                                            25,000                               —                           —                     25,000
           P Wasow                                                                 15,000                        6,000                             —                     21,000

           Executive KMP
           M McCormack                                                          350,000                                —                           —                   350,000
           P Fredricson                                                           48,500                               —                           —                     48,500
           R Gersbach                                                               21,691                             —                           —                       21,691
           R Wheals                                                                33,883                        5,000                             —                     38,883

           Executive KMP are subject to APA's Securities Trading Policy. A Director or Designated Person (as defined in this policy) with
           price-sensitive information relating to APA (which is not generally available) is precluded from trading in APA securities.

           28) Appointed 21 February 2019.

           58 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                       Note                   $000                    $000

                        Revenue                                                                                                             4            2,428,949               2,364,798
                        Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures using the equity method                                       4                23,222                   21,924




For personal use only
                         2,452,171
                        		         2,386,722
                        Asset operation and management expenses		                                                                                          (213,522)               (214,339)
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                               5              (611,358)               (578,916)
                        Other operating costs – pass-through                                                                                5              (421,198)              (445,307)
                        Finance costs                                                                                                       5            (500,020)                 (515,515)
                        Employee benefit expense                                                                                            5             (235,034)                (197,545)
                        Other expenses		                                                                                                                     (6,060)                  (5,206)
                        Profit before tax                                                                                                                  464,979                  429,894
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                  6              (176,966)               (165,055)
                                            288,013
                        Profit for the year		       264,839

                        Other comprehensive income, net of income tax
                        Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
                        Actuarial (loss)/gain on defined benefit plan                                                                                        (11,418)                  1,588
                        Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified subsequently		                                                              3,425                     (476)
                         (7,993)
                        		       1,112
                        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
                        Transfer of gain on cash flow hedges to profit or loss		                                                                             74,347                   93,901
                        Loss on cash flow hedges taken to equity		                                                                                        (448,940)                (278,831)
                        (Loss)/gain on associate hedges taken to equity		                                                                                    (8,540)                   8,632
                        Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently		                                                                 114,951                 52,906
                         (268,182)
                        		         (123,392)
                        Other comprehensive income for the year (net of tax)		                                                                             (276,175)               (122,280)
                        Total comprehensive income for the year		
                                                                11,838 142,559

                        Profit attributable to:
                        Unitholders of the parent		                                                                                                         222,943                 196,790
                        Non-controlling interest – APT Investment Trust unitholders		                                                                       65,070                   68,049
                        APA stapled securityholders		                                                                                                      288,013                  264,839

                        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
                        Unitholders of the parent		                                                                                                         (53,232)                  74,510
                        Non-controlling interest – APT Investment Trust unitholders		                                                                       65,070                   68,049
                        APA stapled securityholders		                                                                                                         11,838                142,559


                                              2019
                        Earnings per security		    2018

                        Basic and diluted (cents per security)                                                                              7                   24.4                     23.3

                        The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                        accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 59
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           consolidated statement of financial position.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           AS AT 30 JUNE 2019




           		     2019  2018
            Note $000  $000

           Current assets
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           18               354,947                 100,643




For personal use only
           Trade and other receivables                                                                                           9              249,962                 251,720
           Other financial assets                                                                                              20                68,039                   55,525
           Inventories                                                                                                                           30,963                   28,534
                 13,592
           Other		      12,487
                          717,503
           Current assets		       448,909

           Non-current assets
           Trade and other receivables                                                                                           9               130,131                 14,030
           Other financial assets                                                                                              20                502,161                591,487
           Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                                   23               263,829                  271,597
           Property, plant and equipment                                                                                        11            9,796,072               9,691,666
           Goodwill                                                                                                             12            1,183,604               1,183,604
           Other Intangible assets                                                                                              12            2,809,761               2,992,431
           Other                                                                                                                15               30,866                  33,502
           Non-current assets                                                                                                                14,716,424              14,778,317
           Total assets                                                                                                                      15,433,927              15,227,226

           Current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                            10              302,082                   381,676
           Borrowings                                                                                                          18              444,502                   329,219
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                         20               152,782                  139,401
           Provisions                                                                                                           14                94,841                  83,629
           Unearned revenue		                                                                                                                     12,320                  20,922
                               1,006,527
           Current liabilities		         954,847

           Non-current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                            10                  3,230                   5,089
           Borrowings                                                                                                          18             9,865,813                9,321,377
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                         20               264,703                 128,510
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              6              544,013                 558,442
           Provisions                                                                                                           14               89,663                    71,951
           Unearned revenue		                                                                                                                    60,581                   60,183
           Non-current liabilities                                                                                                         10,828,003                10,145,552
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                11,834,530               11,100,399
           Net assets                                                                                                                         3,599,397               4,126,827

           Equity
           Australian Pipeline Trust equity:
           Issued capital                                                                                                       21           3,103,806                3,288,123
                    (599,347)
           Reserves		         (331,165)
           Retained earnings		                                                                                                                  100,663                  105,412
           Equity attributable to unitholders of the parent                                                                                   2,605,122              3,062,370
           Non-controlling interests:
           APT Investment Trust:
           Issued capital		                                                                                                                     964,219               1,030,176
           Retained earnings		                                                                                                                   30,056                   34,228
           Equity attributable to unitholders of APT Investment Trust                                                          22               994,275              1,064,404
           Other non-controlling interest		                                                                                                             —                      53
           Total non-controlling interests		                                                                                                    994,275               1,064,457
                        3,599,397
           Total equity		         4,126,827

           The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
           60 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
                                                                      For personal use only                      Australian Pipeline Trust                               APT Investment Trust                     Other non-controlling interest
                                                                                                                                                Attributable
                                                                                                                 Asset                            to owners                                      APT                                         Other non-
                                                                                                    Issued Revaluation     Hedging     Retained        of the          Issued    Retained Investment          Issued                Retained controlling
                                                                                                   Capital    Reserve      Reserve     earnings       parent          Capital    earnings       Trust        Capital      Other     earnings   Interest            Total
                                                                                                     $000       $000         $000         $000         $000             $000        $000       $000            $000       $000         $000      $000             $000

                                      Balance at 1 July 2017                                     3,114,617      8,669     (216,442)     60,804      2,967,648       976,284        34,198 1,010,482                4           1          48           53     3,978,183
                                      Profit for the year                                               —            —            —    196,790        196,790              —      68,049       68,049             —           —            —            —      264,839
                                      Other comprehensive income                                        —            —    (176,298)       1,588      (174,710)             —            —            —            —           —            —            —      (174,710)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES



                                      Income tax relating to components of other
                                      comprehensive income                                              —            —      52,906         (476)       52,430              —            —            —            —           —            —            —       52,430
                                      Total comprehensive income for the year                           —            —    (123,392)     197,902        74,510              —      68,049       68,049             —           —            —            —       142,559
                                      Payment of distributions (Note 8)                          (201,385)           —            —    (153,294)     (354,679)       (67,597)    (68,019)     (135,616)           —           —            —            —     (490,295)
                                      Securities issued under entitlement offer                  380,782             —            —            —      380,782        124,234            —      124,234            —           —            —            —      505,016
                                      Issue cost of securities                                     (8,415)           —            —            —        (8,415)       (2,745)           —       (2,745)           —           —            —            —        (11,160)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019


                                      Tax relating to security issue costs                          2,524            —            —            —         2,524             —            —            —            —           —            —            —         2,524
                                      Balance at 30 June 2018                                   3,288,123       8,669    (339,834)      105,412     3,062,370      1,030,176       34,228 1,064,404                4           1          48           53     4,126,827

                                      Balance at 1 July 2018                                    3,288,123       8,669 (339,834)         105,412 3,062,370         1,030,176       34,228 1,064,404                 4           1          48           53    4,126,827
                                                                                          (a)
                                      Impact of changes in accounting standards                         —            —            —       (2,164)       (2,164)            —            —            —            —           —            —            —         (2,164)
                                      Adjusted balance at 1 July 2018                           3,288,123       8,669 (339,834)        103,248 3,060,206          1,030,176       34,228 1,064,404                 4           1          48           53    4,124,663
                                      Profit for the year                                               —            —            —    222,943        222,943              —      65,070       65,070             —           —            —            —      288,013
                                      Other comprehensive income                                        —            —   (383,133)       (11,418)    (394,551)             —            —            —            —           —            —            —     (394,551)
                                      comprehensive income                                              —            —     114,951        3,425        118,376             —            —            —            —           —            —            —       118,376
                                      Total comprehensive income for the year                           —            —   (268,182)     214,950        (53,232)             —      65,070       65,070             —           —            —            —        11,838
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    consolidated statement of changes in equity.


                                      Transfer to retained earnings                                     —            —            —            —             —             —            —            —            —           (1)           1           —             —
                                      Payment of distributions                                   (184,181)           —            —    (217,535)     (401,716)      (65,894)     (69,242) (135,136)               (4)         —          (49)         (53) (536,905)
                                      Issue cost of securities                                       (194)           —            —            —          (194)          (63)           —          (63)           —           —            —            —          (257)
                                      Tax relating to security issue costs                             58            —            —            —            58             —            —            —            —           —            —            —            58
                                      Balance at 30 June 2019                                   3,103,806       8,669 (608,016) 100,663             2,605,122       964,219       30,056      994,275             —           —            —            —    3,599,397

                                      a) APA Group has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers on a modified retrospective basis. This resulted in a charge of $2.2 million to retained earnings as at 1 July 2018, being the cumulative effect on initial
                                         application of the standard (refer to Note 30). The comparative results are not restated as permitted by the standard.
                                      The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 61
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           consolidated statement of cash flows.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           		     2019  2018
            Note $000  $000

           Cash flows from operating activities
           Receipts from customers                                                                                                           2,666,095                2,635,344




For personal use only
           Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                                                (1,142,419)              (1,111,969)
           Dividends received from associates and joint ventures		                                                                               22,450                   18,841
           Proceeds from repayment of finance leases		                                                                                              1,469                   1,774
           Interest received                                                                                                                       8,825                    9,967
           Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                                                           (470,509)                (473,243)
           Income tax paid		                                                                                                                    (73,784)                (49,087)
           Net cash provided by operating activities		
                                                     1,012,127 1,031,627

           Cash flows from investing activities
           Payments for property, plant and equipment		                                                                                        (581,384)              (875,030)
           Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment		                                                                                      652                     663
           Payments for intangible assets		                                                                                                          (318)                  (1,161)
           Loans advanced to related parties                                                                                                   (122,002)                    (282)
                                                 (703,052)
           Net cash used in investing activities		         (875,810)

           Cash flows from financing activities
           Proceeds from borrowings		                                                                                                         1,669,706                 309,718
           Repayments of borrowings		                                                                                                        (1,175,854)                (761,733)
           Proceeds from issue of securities		                                                                                                          —               505,016
           Payments of security issue costs		                                                                                                       (864)                (10,554)
           Payment of debt issue costs                                                                                                           (11,955)                  (1,581)
           Proceeds from early settlement of derivatives		                                                                                          1,157                       —
           Distributions paid to:
               Unitholders of APT		                                                                                                            (401,716)               (354,679)
               Unitholders of non-controlling interests - APTIT		                                                                               (135,136)               (135,616)
               Securityholders of other non-controlling interests		                                                                                   (53)                      —
           Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                                 (54,715)              (449,429)

           Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents		
                                                                254,360 (293,612)
           Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                                                             100,643                 394,501
           Unrealised exchange losses on cash held		                                                                                                  (56)                   (246)
           Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                                                  18               354,947                 100,643

           The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




           62 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        consolidated statement of cash flows. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        Reconciliation of profit for the year to the net cash provided by operating activities
                        		2019  2018
                         $000
                        		     $000

                        Profit for the year		                                                                                                              288,013                  264,839




For personal use only
                        Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment		                                                                                   (583)                   (466)
                        Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates using the equity method		                                                     (23,222)                 (21,924)
                        Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments		                                                                 22,452                   18,841
                        Depreciation and amortisation expense		                                                                                             611,358                 578,916
                        Finance costs		                                                                                                                      16,858                   15,569
                        Unrealised foreign exchange loss		                                                                                                      7,241                   1,966
                        Amortisation of hedging loss		                                                                                                        6,846                    6,904
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:
                          Trade and other receivables		                                                                                                        6,923                 18,894
                                      (2,429)
                          Inventories		       (3,177)
                          Other assets                                                                                                                         2,228                  (1,695)
                          Trade and other payables                                                                                                           (17,294)                 20,115
                                     11,199
                          Provisions		      (11,303)
                          Other liabilities                                                                                                                 (20,647)                  28,167
                          Income tax balances		                                                                                                             103,184                  115,981
                                                                  1,012,127
                        Net cash provided by operating activities		         1,031,627

                        Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from
                        investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified within operating
                        cash flows.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 63
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Basis of Preparation

           1. About this report
           In the following financial statements, note disclosures are grouped into six sections being: Basis of Preparation; Financial
           Performance; Operating Assets and Liabilities; Capital Management; Group Structure; and Other. Each note sets out the




For personal use only
           accounting policies applied in producing the results along with any key judgements and estimates used.



             Basis of Preparation                                                                 Capital Management

           1.     About this report                                                     64      18. Net debt                                                                 82
           2.     General information                                                   65      19. Financial risk management                                                83
                                                                                                 20. Other financial instruments                                              94
             Financial Performance                                                               21. Issued capital                                                           97
           3.     Segment information                                                   66
           4.     Revenue                                                               68       Group Structure

           5.     Expenses                                                              70      22. Non-controlling interests                                                98
           6.     Income tax                                                            71      23. Joint arrangements and associates                                        99
           7.     Earnings per security                                                 73      24. Subsidiaries                                                           100
           8.     Distributions                                                         73
                                                                                                  Other
             Operating Assets and Liabilities                                                    25. Commitments and contingencies                                           103
           9.     Receivables                                                           74      26. Director and Executive Key Management
                                                                                                     Personnel remuneration                                                  103
           10. Payables                                                                 75
                                                                                                 27. Remuneration of external auditor                                        103
           11. Property, plant and equipment                                            75
                                                                                                 28. Related party transactions                                              104
           12. Goodwill and intangibles                                                 76
                                                                                                 29. Parent entity information                                               105
           13. Impairment of non-financial assets                                       77
                                                                                                 30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards 105
           14. Provisions78
                                                                                                 31. Events occurring after reporting date                                  108
           15. Other non-current assets                                                 78
           16. Employee superannuation plans                                            79
           17. Leases80




           64 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Basis of Preparation

                        2. General information
                        APA Group comprises of two trusts, Australian Pipeline Trust (“APT”) and APT Investment Trust (“APTIT”), which are registered
                        managed investment schemes regulated by the Corporations Act 2001. APT units are "stapled" to APTIT units on a one-to-




For personal use only
                        one basis so that one APT unit and one APTIT unit form a single stapled security which trades on the Australian Securities
                        Exchange under the code “APA”.
                        Australian Accounting Standards require one of the stapled entities of a stapled structure to be identified as the parent entity
                        for the purposes of preparing a consolidated financial report. In accordance with this requirement, APT is deemed to be the
                        parent entity. The results and equity attributable to APTIT, being the other stapled entity which is not directly or indirectly held
                        by APT, are shown separately in the financial statements as non-controlling interests.
                        The financial report represents the consolidated financial statements of APT and APTIT (together the "Trusts"), their
                        respective subsidiaries and their share of joint arrangements and associates (together "APA Group"). For the purposes of
                        preparing the consolidated financial report, APA Group is a for-profit entity.
                        Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests is reported as disclosed in the separate financial
                        statements of APTIT. Comprehensive income arising from transactions between the parent (APT) group entities and the
                        non-controlling interest (APTIT) have not been eliminated in the reporting of total comprehensive income attributable to
                        non-controlling interests.
                        All intragroup transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. Where necessary, adjustments are made to
                        the assets, liabilities, and results of subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates, and joint ventures to bring their accounting
                        policies into line with those used by APA Group.
                        APT's registered office and principal place of business is as follows:
                        Level 25
                        580 George Street
                        SYDNEY NSW 2000
                        Tel: (02) 9693 0000
                        The consolidated general purpose financial report for the year ended 30 June 2019 was authorised for issue in accordance
                        with a resolution of the directors on 21 August 2019.
                        This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001,
                        Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board
                        (AASB) and also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
                        Standards Board.
                        The financial report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of financial instruments.
                        The financial report is presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000) in
                        accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191, unless otherwise stated.
                        Working capital position
                        The working capital position as at 30 June 2019 for APA Group is that current liabilities exceed current assets by $289.0 million
                        (2018: $505.9 million) primarily as a result of current borrowings of $444.5 million and $152.8 million (AUD equivalent) of cash
                        flow hedge liabilities.
                        APA Group has access to sufficient available committed, un-drawn bank facilities of $1,550.0 million as at 30 June 2019
                        (2018: $868.8 million) to meet the repayment of current borrowings on due date.
                        The Directors continually monitor APA Group's working capital position, including forecast working capital requirements
                        and have ensured that there are appropriate refinancing strategies and adequate committed funding facilities in place to
                        accommodate debt repayments as and when they fall due.
                        Foreign currency transactions
                        Both the functional and presentation currency of APA Group and APT is Australian dollars (A$). All foreign currency
                        transactions during the financial year are brought to account using the exchange rate in effect at the date of the transaction.
                        Foreign currency monetary items at reporting date are translated at the exchange rate existing at that date and resulting
                        exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, unless they qualify for hedge accounting.
                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
                        In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, a number of judgements and estimates have been made.
                        Judgements and estimates which are material to the financial statements are found in the following disclosures:
                        — Property, plant and equipment (note 11)
                        — Impairment of non-financial assets (note 13)
                        — Fair value of financial instruments (note 19(c))
                        Judgements and estimates require assumptions to be made about highly uncertain external factors such as: discount rates;
                        probability factors; the effects of inflation; commercial contract lives and renewals; market supply-and-demand conditions;
                        changing technology; timing of occurrence; input costs; political and social trends; and climate change. As such the actual
                        outcomes may differ as a result of these judgements and assumptions.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 65
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           3. Segment information
           APA Group operates in one geographical segment, being Australia and the revenue from major products and services is
           shown by the reportable segments.




For personal use only
           APA Group comprises the following reportable segments:
           — Energy Infrastructure, includes all of APA Group’s wholly or majority owned gas pipelines, gas storage assets, gas
             compression and processing assets and gas-fired and renewable energy power generation assets;
           — Asset Management, provides commercial, operating services and/or asset maintenance services to its energy investments
             and third parties for appropriate fees; and
           — Energy Investments, includes APA Group’s strategic stakes in a number of investment vehicles that house energy
             infrastructure assets, generally characterised by long-term secure cash flows, with low ongoing capital expenditure
             requirements.
           Reportable segments
                                                                                      Energy        Asset                       Energy
                                                                               Infrastructure Management                   Investments            Other         Consolidated
           2019                                                                        $000         $000                         $000             $000                 $000

           Segment revenue (a)
           Revenue from contracts with customers                                     1,899,071                94,398                      —             —             1,993,469
           Equity accounted net profits                                                         —                    —             23,222               —                 23,222
           Pass-through revenue                                                          27,881              393,317                      —             —                421,198
           Other income                                                                    4,775                  391                     —             —                   5,166
           Finance lease and investment interest income                                    1,305                     —               5,210              —                   6,515
           Total segment revenue                                                     1,933,032              488,106                28,432               —            2,449,570
           Other interest income					                                                                                                                                      2,601
           Consolidated revenue					2,452,171

           Segment result
           Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
           and amortisation ("EBITDA")                                                 1,571,139              52,954                      —             —             1,624,093
           Share of net profits of joint ventures
           and associates using the equity method                                               —                    —             23,222               —                 23,222
           Finance lease and investment interest income                                    1,305                     —               5,210              —                   6,515
           Corporate costs                                                                      —                    —                    —     (80,074)                (80,074)
           Total EBITDA                                                              1,572,444                52,954               28,432       (80,074)              1,573,756
           Depreciation and amortisation                                             (600,248)                 (11,110)                   —             —               (611,358)
           Earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT")                                    972,196               41,844               28,432       (80,074)                962,398
           Net interest cost 					(497,419)
                                  (b)


           Profit before tax					464,979
           Income tax expense					(176,966)
           Profit for the year					288,013

           a) The revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Any intersegment sales were immaterial.
           b) Excluding finance lease and investment interest income, and any gains or losses on revaluation of derivatives included as part of EBIT for segment reporting
              purposes, but including other interest income.




           66 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Financial Performance

                        3. Segment information (continued)
                        Reportable segments (continued)
                                                                                                                    Energy        Asset                         Energy




For personal use only
                                                                                                             Infrastructure Management                     Investments        Consolidated
                        2019                                                                                         $000         $000                           $000                $000

                        Segment assets and liabilities
                        Segment assets                                                                            13,938,973               183,669               132,993          14,255,635
                        Carrying value of investments using the equity method                                                 —                    —            263,829              263,829
                        Unallocated assets 			    (a)
                                                                                                                                                                                     914,463
                        Total assets			                                                                                                                                           15,433,927

                        Segment liabilities                                                                           376,598               60,707                       —           437,305
                        Unallocated liabilities (b)			                                                                                                                            11,397,225
                        Total liabilities			                                                                                                                                      11,834,530

                        a) Unallocated assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts ("FECs") and equity forwards.
                        b) Unallocated liabilities consist of current and non-current borrowings, deferred tax liabilities, fair value of interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
                                                                                                   Energy        Asset                        Energy
                                                                                            Infrastructure Management                    Investments            Other         Consolidated
                        2018                                                                        $000         $000                          $000             $000                 $000

                        Segment revenue (a)
                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                     1,801,285               108,533                      —             —             1,909,818
                        Equity accounted net profits                                                         —                    —              21,924              —                  21,924
                        Pass-through revenue                                                          44,265             401,042                       —             —               445,307
                        Other income                                                                    1,220                      4                   —             —                   1,224
                        Finance lease and investment interest income                                    1,454                     —                1,144             —                  2,598
                        Total segment revenue                                                      1,848,224              509,579               23,068               —             2,380,871
                        Other interest income					                                                                                                                                       5,851
                        Consolidated revenue					2,386,722

                        Segment result
                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation
                        and amortisation ("EBITDA")                                                1,495,642               66,204                      —             —              1,561,846
                        Share of net profits of joint ventures and
                        associates using the equity method                                                   —                    —              21,924              —                  21,924
                        Finance lease and investment interest income                                    1,454                     —                1,144             —                  2,598
                        Corporate costs                                                                      —                    —                    —      (67,894)                (67,894)
                        Total EBITDA                                                               1,497,096               66,204               23,068        (67,894)              1,518,474
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                               (567,925)              (10,991)                    —             —               (578,916)
                        Earnings before interest and tax ("EBIT")                                     929,171               55,213              23,068        (67,894)               939,558
                        Net interest cost (b)					(509,664)
                        Profit before tax					429,894
                        Income tax expense					(165,055)
                        Profit for the year					264,839

                        a) The revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Any intersegment sales were immaterial.
                        b) Excluding finance lease and investment interest income, and any gains or losses on revaluation of derivatives included as part of EBIT for segment reporting
                           purposes, but including other interest income.




                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 67
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           3. Segment information (continued)
           Reportable segments (continued)
                                                                                                       Energy        Asset                        Energy




For personal use only
                                                                                                Infrastructure Management                    Investments         Consolidated
           2018                                                                                         $000         $000                          $000                 $000

           Segment assets and liabilities
           Segment assets                                                                             13,995,163              212,521                10,967           14,218,651
           Carrying value of investments using the equity method                                                 —                   —              271,597              271,597
           Unallocated assets 				736,978
                                     (a)


           Total assets				15,227,226

           Segment liabilities                                                                           440,276               64,829                       —           505,105
           Unallocated liabilities (b)				10,595,294
           Total liabilities				11,100,399

           a) Unallocated assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, fair value of interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts and equity forwards.
           b) Unallocated liabilities consist of current and non-current borrowings, deferred tax liabilities, fair value of interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.

           4. Revenue
           Disaggregation of revenue
           Revenue is disaggregated below by state, business unit and geography.
                                                                                                                                       Energy Infrastructure
           		Power
                Transmission Generation                                                                                                                                     Total
           2019       $000       $000                                                                                                                                      $000

           Energy Infrastructure
               Queensland                                                                                               960,933                  246,174               1,207,107
               New South Wales                                                                                           173,594                        —                173,594
               Victoria                                                                                                 144,380                         —               144,380
               South Australia                                                                                             3,004                        —                  3,004
               Western Australia                                                                                        288,997                   51,688                340,685
               Northern Territory                                                                                         30,301                        —                 30,301
           Energy Infrastructure revenue from contracts with customers                                                1,601,209                 297,862               1,899,071
           Asset Management revenue from contracts with customers		94,398
           Pass-through revenue		
                                421,198
           Other income		
                        5,166

           Operating revenue			2,419,833
           Interest income			                                                                                                                                               2,601
           Interest income from related parties			                                                                                                                          5,210
           Finance lease income			                                                                                                                                          1,305
           Finance income			9,116
           Total Revenue		
                         2,428,949

           Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates using the equity method			                                                                               23,222
           			2,452,171




           68 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Financial Performance

                        4. Revenue (continued)
                        Disaggregation of revenue (continued)              Energy Infrastructure
                        		Power




For personal use only
                                                              Transmission   Generation                                                                                                Total
                        2018 (a)                                    $000           $000                                                                                               $000

                        Energy Infrastructure
                          Queensland                                                                                               923,800                   229,175               1,152,975
                          New South Wales                                                                                           166,243                         —               166,243
                          Victoria                                                                                                   153,166                        —                153,166
                          South Australia                                                                                              2,925                        —                  2,925
                          Western Australia                                                                                        263,585                   29,530                  293,115
                          Northern Territory                                                                                          32,861                        —                 32,861
                        Energy Infrastructure revenue from contracts with customers                                              1,542,580                 258,705                1,801,285
                        Asset Management revenue from contracts with customers			108,533
                        Pass-through revenue			445,307
                        Other income			1,224
                        Operating revenue			2,356,349

                        Interest income			                                                                                                                                             5,851
                        Interest income from related parties			                                                                                                                         1,144
                        Finance lease income			                                                                                                                                        1,454
                        Finance income			8,449
                        Total Revenue			2,364,798

                        Share of net profits of joint ventures and associates using the equity method			                                                                              21,924
                        			2,386,722

                        a) 2018 disclosure aligned with 2019 disclosure format, reflective of AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers requirements.

                        Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
                        for the provision of services or for the transferring of goods to a customer (the performance obligations) under a contract.
                        APA Group recognises revenue when control of a product or service is transferred to the customer. Amounts disclosed as
                        revenue are net of duties, goods and services tax (“GST”) and other taxes paid, except where the amount of GST incurred is
                        not recoverable from the taxation authority. Given the nature of APA Group’s services there is no significant right of return
                        or warranty provided.
                        Revenue from contracts with customers is derived from the major business activities as follows:
                        — Energy Infrastructure revenue from contracts with customers, is derived from the transportation, processing and storage
                          of gas and other related services (transmission revenue), and the generation of electricity and other related services
                          (power generation revenue). Revenue from contracts with customers may either be identified as separate performance
                          obligations or a series of distinct performance obligations that are substantially the same, have the same pattern of
                          transfer and are therefore treated as a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. This includes both firm and
                          interruptible services. The consideration is volume based and is recognised as revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer
                          based on volume of output to the customer. This method most accurately depicts the progress towards satisfaction of
                          the performance obligation of the services provided, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
                          of APA Group’s service and obtains value as each volume of output is transported by APA Group. The amount billed
                          corresponds directly to the value of the performance to date;
                        — Asset Management revenue from contracts with customers, is derived from the provision of commercial services, operating
                          services, asset management services and/or asset maintenance services to APA Group's energy investments and other
                          third parties. APA Group applies the practical expedient to recognise revenue at the amount to which APA Group has a
                          right to invoice; and
                        — Pass-through revenue, is revenue from contracts with customers for which no margin is earned, and is recognised when the
                          services are provided. APA Group applies the practical expedient to recognise revenue at the amount to which APA Group
                          has a right to invoice. APA Group is determined to be the principal in these relationships.
                        Other types of revenue is recognised as follows:
                        — Interest income, which is recognised as it accrues and is determined using the effective interest method;
                        — Dividend income, which is recognised when the right to receive the payment has been established; and
                        — Finance lease income, which is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the
                          Group's net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 69
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           4. Revenue (continued)
           Contract liabilities – unearned revenue
           Where amounts have been received in advance of fulfilling the contract obligation these amounts are deferred in the




For personal use only
           balance sheet as unearned revenue until the performance obligation is fulfilled. Where the period between the payment by
           the customer and the fulfilment of the obligation is expected to exceed one year any amounts associated with the finance
           component of this deferred revenue is recognised as interest expense.
           Contract assets – accrued revenue
           Contract assets primarily relate to APA Group’s right to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date.
           These amounts are known as accrued revenue and are disclosed in Note 9.
           Accrued revenue is transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. This usually occurs when APA
           Group issues an invoice to the customer.
           Accounting for costs to obtain contracts
           APA Group generally expenses costs to obtain contracts as they are incurred, as they tend to be incurred whether the contract
           is obtained or not (e.g. staff salaries, professional fees etc.).
           Future Revenues from Remaining Performance Obligations
           As at 30 June 2019, future contracted Energy Infrastructure revenues extending through to 2050 are approximately $22.2
           billion, of which $1.8 billion is expected to be recognised in 2020. These amounts relate to Energy Infrastructure revenue from
           long term contracts with highly credit worthy counterparties.
           Future contracted Energy Infrastructure revenues outlined above are in nominal 2019 dollars escalated by CPI. Variable
           revenues, potential future revenues from new contracts, contract renewals or extensions, and revenues from potential new
           assets or expansions where a contract does not currently exist with a customer are not included. As such, the future contracts
           revenues described above represent only part of APA Group's forecast revenues for FY2020 and beyond.
           Information about major customers
           Included in revenues arising from energy infrastructure of $1,899.1 million (2018: $1,801.3 million) are revenues of approximately
           $708.6 million (2018: $689.4 million) which arose from sales to APA Group's top three customers.
           5.     Expenses                                                                                                                         2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Depreciation of non-current assets                                                                                                   428,370                 395,904
           Amortisation of non-current assets                                                                                                   182,988                  183,012
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                                                 611,358                 578,916

           Energy infrastructure costs – pass-through                                                                                             27,881                  44,265
           Asset management costs – pass-through                                                                                                393,317                 401,042
           Other operating costs - pass-through                                                                                                  421,198                445,307

           Interest on bank overdrafts and borrowings (a)                                                                                      509,864                  517,503
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                                                                 7,631                  8,968
           Other finance costs                                                                                                                      7,749                  6,990
                                                                                                                                                525,244                  533,461
           Less: amounts included in the cost of qualifying assets                                                                               (31,468)                (23,697)
                                                                                                                                                493,776                 509,764
           Loss on derivatives                                                                                                                         47                     743
           Unwinding of discount on non-current liabilities                                                                                         6,197                 5,008
           Finance costs                                                                                                                       500,020                   515,515

           Defined contribution plans                                                                                                             14,264                   12,417
           Defined benefit plans (Note 16)                                                                                                          1,944                  2,280
           Post-employment benefits                                                                                                               16,208                  14,697
           Termination benefits                                                                                                                    3,823                   (4,221)
           Cash settled security-based payments (b)                                                                                               25,555                  20,915
           Other employee benefits                                                                                                              189,448                  166,154
           Employee benefit expense (c)                                                                                                         235,034                  197,545

           a) The average interest rate applying to drawn debt is 5.53% p.a. (2018: 5.65% p.a.) excluding amortisation of borrowing costs and other finance costs.
           b) APA Group provides benefits to certain employees in the form of cash settled security-based payments. For cash settled security-based payments, a liability
              equal to the portion of services received is recognised at the current fair value determined at each reporting date.
           c) Employee benefit expense of $64.5 million (2018: $67.2 million) is recharged as pass-through revenue and presented as part of other operating costs –
              pass‑through.


           70 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Financial Performance

                        6. Income tax
                        The major components of tax expense are:
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Income statement
                        Current tax expense in respect of the current year                                                                                   (72,138)               (54,536)
                        Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to current tax of prior years                                                     104                      612
                        Deferred tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                            (104,932)                  (111,131)
                        Total tax expense                                                                                                                  (176,966)               (165,055)

                        Tax reconciliation
                        Profit before tax                                                                                                                  464,979                  429,894

                        Income tax expense calculated at 30%                                                                                               (139,494)               (128,968)
                        Non-assessable trust distribution                                                                                                     19,521                  20,415
                        Non deductible expenses                                                                                                            (58,403)                  (58,319)
                        Non assessable income                                                                                                                      84                      19
                                                                                                                                                           (178,292)               (166,853)
                        Franking credits received                                                                                                                105                        —
                        Previously unbooked losses now recognised                                                                                                853                     690
                        Adjustments recognised in the current year in relation to the current tax of prior years                                                 104                      612
                        R&D tax incentive                                                                                                                        264                     496
                                                                                                                                                           (176,966)               (165,055)

                        Income tax expense comprises of current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent
                        that it relates to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised in equity. Current tax
                        represents the expected taxable income at the applicable tax rate for the financial year, and any adjustment to tax payable
                        in respect of previous financial years.
                        Income tax expense for the year is $177.0 million (2018: $165.1 million). An income tax provision of $32.0 million (2018: $33.8
                        million) has been recognised after installments made during the year and utilisation of all available group tax losses and
                        partial utilisation of available transferred tax losses (refer to Note 10).
                        Deferred tax balances
                        Deferred tax (liabilities)/assets arise from the following:
                                                                                                          Opening             Charged to               Charged to                  Closing
                                                                                                          balance                income                    equity                  balance
                        2019                                                                                $000                   $000                    $000                     $000

                        Gross deferred tax liabilities
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                     (903,769)                (85,886)                         —             (989,655)
                        Deferred expenses                                                                  (54,803)                     (713)                       —                (55,516)
                        Other                                                                                   (233)                    (66)                       —                   (299)
                                                                                                         (958,805)                  (86,665)                        —           (1,045,470)

                        Gross deferred tax assets
                        Provisions                                                                           43,391                    5,249                        —                48,640
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                    141,235                      858                 112,124                254,217
                        Security issue costs                                                                   3,831                  (2,327)                      58                  1,562
                        Deferred revenue                                                                     13,748                     (144)                    927                  14,531
                        Investments equity accounted                                                           1,705                     (98)                  2,827                   4,434
                        Defined benefit obligation                                                              (497)                       11                 3,425                   2,939
                        Tax losses                                                                         196,950                   (21,816)                       —                175,134
                                                                                                          400,363                   (18,267)                 119,361                501,457
                        Net deferred tax liability                                                        (558,442)               (104,932)                  119,361              (544,013)



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 71
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           6. Income tax (continued)
           Deferred tax balances (continued)
                                                                                               Opening             Charged to              Charged to                   Closing




For personal use only
                                                                                               balance                income                   equity                   balance
           2018                                                                                  $000                   $000                   $000                      $000

           Gross deferred tax liabilities
           Property, plant and equipment                                                        (810,121)               (93,648)                        —              (903,769)
           Deferred expenses                                                                    (56,480)                    1,677                       —               (54,803)
           Defined benefit obligation                                                                 (68)                     47                    (476)                   (497)
           Other                                                                                  (1,054)                     821                       —                    (233)
                                                                                                (867,723)                (91,103)                    (476)             (959,302)

           Gross deferred tax assets
           Provisions                                                                             45,891                  (2,500)                       —                 43,391
           Cash flow hedges                                                                       87,819                     (118)                53,534                 141,235
           Security issue costs                                                                    3,624                   (2,317)                 2,524                    3,831
           Deferred revenue                                                                        4,406                    9,342                       —                 13,748
           Investments equity accounted                                                             2,441                   (108)                   (628)                   1,705
           Tax losses                                                                            221,277                 (24,327)                       —               196,950
                                                                                                365,458                 (20,028)                 55,430                400,860
           Net deferred tax liability                                                          (502,265)                 (111,131)                54,954               (558,442)

           Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following
           temporary differences are not provided for:
           — initial recognition of goodwill;
           — initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
           — differences relating to investments in wholly-owned entities to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the
             foreseeable future.
           Deferred tax is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities,
           using the appropriate tax rates at the end of the reporting period.
           A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
           which the asset can be utilised and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
           will be realised.
           Tax consolidation
           APT and its wholly-owned Australian resident entities formed a tax-consolidated group with effect from 1 July 2003 and are
           therefore taxed as a single entity from that date. The head entity within the tax-consolidated group is APT. The members of
           the tax-consolidated group are identified at Note 24.
           Tax expense/income, deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences of the members of
           the tax-consolidated group are recognised in the separate financial reports of the members of the tax-consolidated group
           using the 'separate taxpayer within group' approach, by reference to the carrying amounts in the separate financial reports
           of each entity and the tax values applying under tax consolidation.
           Any current tax liabilities (or assets) and deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses of the wholly-owned entities are
           assumed by the head entity in the tax-consolidated group and are recognised as amounts payable (receivable) to (from)
           other entities in the tax-consolidated group in conjunction with any tax funding arrangement amounts.
           The head entity recognises deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses of the tax-consolidated group to the extent that
           it is probable that future taxable profits of the tax-consolidated group will be available against which the assets can be utilised.
           Nature of tax funding arrangement and tax sharing agreement
           Entities within the tax-consolidated group have entered into a tax funding arrangement and a tax sharing agreement with
           the head entity. Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, each of the entities in the tax-consolidated group have
           agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to or from the head entity based on the current tax liability or current tax asset of
           the entity. Such amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in the tax-consolidated group.
           The tax sharing agreement entered into between members of the tax-consolidated group provides for the determination
           of the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should the head entity default on its tax payment obligations
           or if an entity should leave the tax-consolidated group. The effect of the tax sharing agreement is that each member's
           liability for the tax payable by the tax-consolidated group is limited to the amount payable to the head entity under the tax
           funding arrangement.

           72 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Financial Performance

                        7.   Earnings per security
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                               cents                   cents




For personal use only
                        Basic and diluted earnings per unit attributable to the parent                                                                           18.9                    17.3
                        Basic and diluted earnings per unit attributable to the non-controlling interest                                                          5.5                     6.0
                        Basic and diluted earnings per stapled security                                                                                         24.4                     23.3

                        The earnings and weighted average number of ordinary securities used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per
                        security are as follows:
                                                                                                                          2019             2018
                                                                                                                         $000             $000

                        Net profit attributable to unitholders of the parent                                                                                222,943                 196,790
                        Net profit attributable to unitholders of the non-controlling interest                                                              65,070                   68,049
                        Net profit attributable to stapled securityholders for calculating basic and diluted
                        earnings per security                                                                                                              288,013                  264,839

                                                                                                                                                             2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                            No. of                  No. of
                                                                                                                                                         securities              securities
                                                                                                                                                              000                     000

                        Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary securities used in the
                        calculation of basic and diluted earnings per security                                                                            1,179,894               1,136,875

                        8.   Distributions
                                                                                                             2019                      2019                  2018                      2018
                                                                                                         cents per                     Total             cents per                     Total
                                                                                                          security                    $000                security                    $000

                        Recognised amounts
                        Final FY2018 distribution paid on 12 September 2018
                        (2018: Final FY2017 distribution paid on 13 September 2017)
                        Profit distribution – APT (a)                                                           8.93                105,412                     5.46                 60,803
                        Capital distribution – APT                                                              9.03                106,513                    10.78                120,183
                        Profit distribution – APTIT (a)                                                         2.90                 34,228                     3.07                  34,198
                        Capital distribution – APTIT                                                             3.14                37,022                      3.69                 41,107
                                                                                                              24.00                 283,175                   23.00                 256,291

                        Interim FY2019 distribution paid on 13 March 2019
                        (2018: Interim FY2018 distribution paid on 14 March 2018)
                        Profit distribution – APT (b)                                                           9.50                 112,123                    8.30                  92,491
                        Capital distribution – APT                                                              6.58                 77,668                      7.29                81,202
                        Profit distribution – APTIT (a)                                                         2.97                 35,014                     3.03                  33,821
                        Capital distribution – APTIT                                                            2.45                 28,872                     2.38                 26,490
                                                                                                               21.50               253,677                     21.00               234,004

                        Total distributions recognised
                        Profit distributions                                                                  24.30                286,777                     19.86                 221,313
                        Capital distributions                                                                  21.20               250,075                     24.14                268,982
                                                                                                              45.50                536,852                    44.00                490,295

                        a) Profit distributions were unfranked (2018: unfranked).
                        b) Interim profit distributions were 7.47 cents per security franked and 2.03 cents per security unfranked (2018: 5.83 cents per security franked and 2.47 cents per
                           security unfranked).




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 73
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           8.     Distributions (continued)
                                                                                                  2019                     2019                   2018                     2018
                                                                                              cents per                    Total              cents per                    Total




For personal use only
                                                                                               security                   $000                 security                   $000

           Unrecognised amounts
           Final FY2019 distribution payable on 11 September 2019 (a)
           (2018: Final FY2018 distribution paid on 12 September 2018)
           Profit distribution – APT (b)                                                             8.53               100,663                      8.93                105,412
           Capital distribution – APT                                                              10.44                 123,153                     9.03                106,513
           Profit distribution – APTIT (c)                                                           2.55                30,056                      2.90                 34,228
           Capital distribution – APTIT                                                              3.98                47,002                       3.14                37,022
                                                                                                   25.50               300,874                     24.00                 283,175
           a) Record date 28 June 2019.
           b) Final profit distributions are to be fully franked (2018: fully franked).
           c) Profit distributions were unfranked (2018: unfranked).

           The final distribution in respect of the financial year has not been recognised in this financial report because the final
           distribution was not declared, determined or publicly confirmed prior to the end of the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Franking account balance                                                                                                               (5,943)                  3,228
           Income tax payable                                                                                                                    32,005                   33,734
           Adjusted Franking account balance                                                                                                     26,062                   36,962

           The adjusted franking account balance will be reduced by $43.1 million (FY2018: $45.2 million) following the payment of the
           final distribution payable on 11 September 2019 (FY2018: 12 September 2018).
           On 31 July 2019, APA Group made a franking deficit tax payment of $5.9 million. This represents a prepayment of the final
           income tax payment due for FY2019.

             Operating Assets and Liabilities

           9.     Receivables
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Trade receivables                                                                                                                     26,080                    27,991
           Accrued Revenue                                                                                                                      198,816                 198,324
           Loss allowance                                                                                                                             (10)                 (1,494)
           Trade receivables                                                                                                                    224,886                 224,821
           Receivables from associates and related parties                                                                                        23,373                  25,252
           Finance lease receivables (Note 17)                                                                                                      1,246                  1,480
           Interest receivable                                                                                                                        378                      88
           Other debtors                                                                                                                               79                      79
           Current                                                                                                                              249,962                 251,720

           Finance lease receivables (Note 17)                                                                                                    12,794                 14,030
           Loan receivable - related party                                                                                                       117,337                        —
           Non-current                                                                                                                           130,131                 14,030

           At 30 June 2019, APA Group had a secured amortising loan receivable from SEA Gas of $122.3 million. This facility has been
           extended at arm's length terms maturing September 2021.
           Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 day terms. There are no material trade receivables past
           due and not provided for.
           Trade receivables, loans, and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
           market are classified as loans and receivables. Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus any directly
           attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are stated at amortised cost less impairment.


           74 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        10. Payables
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000




For personal use only
                        Trade payables (a)                                                                                                                   39,934                   41,392
                        Income tax payable                                                                                                                  32,005                    33,754
                        Other payables                                                                                                                      230,143                306,530
                        Current                                                                                                                            302,082                  381,676

                        Other payables                                                                                                                        3,230                   5,089
                        Non-current                                                                                                                           3,230                   5,089

                        a) Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 15 - 30 day terms.

                        Trade and other payables are recognised when APA Group becomes obliged to make future payments resulting from the
                        purchase of goods and services. Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value plus any directly attributable
                        transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are stated at amortised cost.
                        Payables are recognised inclusive of GST, except for accrued revenue and accrued expense at balance dates which exclude GST.
                        The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables.
                        GST receivable or GST payable is only recognised once a tax invoice has been issued or received.
                        11. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                           Freehold land              Leasehold                 Plant and                  Work in
                                                                           and buildings          improvements                 equipment                  progress
                                                                               – at cost               – at cost                 – at cost                – at cost                    Total
                                                                                  $000                    $000                      $000                     $000                     $000

                        Gross carrying amount
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                                      242,733                   10,167           10,351,003                   229,407             10,833,310
                        Additions                                                        702                        —                 31,278               905,622                  937,602
                        Disposals                                                          —                        —                 (4,071)                       —                 (4,071)
                        Transfers                                                     5,282                      493                272,876                (278,651)                        —
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                                     248,717                  10,660            10,651,086                  856,378               11,766,841
                        Additions                                                          —                        —                29,345               503,500                  532,845
                        Disposals                                                          (1)                      —                   (950)                       —                    (951)
                        Transfers                                                    12,988                      127                812,782               (825,897)                         —
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                                    261,704                   10,787             11,492,263                  533,981             12,298,735

                        Accumulated depreciation
                        Balance at 1 July 2017                                       (39,161)                (3,029)            (1,640,955)                         —            (1,683,145)
                        Disposals                                                          —                        —                  3,874                        —                  3,874
                        Depreciation expense (Note 5)                                 (7,184)                   (923)              (387,797)                        —              (395,904)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018                                     (46,345)                  (3,952)           (2,024,878)                         —            (2,075,175)
                        Disposals                                                          —                        —                    882                        —                    882
                        Depreciation expense (Note 5)                                (7,544)                    (967)              (419,859)                        —             (428,370)
                        Balance at 30 June 2019                                    (53,889)                   (4,919)          (2,443,855)                          —           (2,502,663)

                        Net book value
                        As at 30 June 2018                                         202,372                    6,708              8,626,208                 856,378                9,691,666
                        As at 30 June 2019                                         207,815                    5,868             9,048,408                   533,981              9,796,072

                        Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Work in progress is
                        stated at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition or construction of the item.
                        Depreciation is provided on property, plant and equipment excluding land. Depreciation is calculated on either a straight-line
                        or throughput basis depending on the nature of the asset so as to write off the net cost of each asset over its estimated
                        useful life.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 75
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Operating Assets and Liabilities

           11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
           Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the period of the lease or estimated useful life, whichever is the shorter, using
           the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed at the end of each reporting




For personal use only
           period, with the effect of any changes recognised on a prospective basis.
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets (i.e. assets that take
           a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale) are added to the cost of those assets until such time
           as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.
           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
           Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – useful lives of non-current assets
           APA Group reviews the estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment at the end of each annual reporting period.
           Physical, economic and environmental factors are taken into consideration in assessing the useful lives of the assets, including
           but not limited to asset condition and obsolescence, technology changes, commercial contract lives and renewals, global and
           regional gas supply-and-demand, and climate change based on TCFD scenario testing to 2030. Any reassessment of useful
           lives in a particular year will affect the depreciation expense.
           The following estimated useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:
           — buildings                                         30 – 50 years;
           — compressors                                       10 – 50 years;
           — gas transportation systems                        10 – 80 years;
           — meters                                            20 – 30 years;
           — power generation facilities                       3 – 25 years; and
           — other plant and equipment                         3 – 20 years.
           12. Goodwill and intangibles
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Goodwill
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                             1,183,604               1,183,604
           Balance at end of financial year                                                                                                   1,183,604               1,183,604

           Allocation of goodwill to cash-generating units
           Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to individual cash-generating units.
           The East Coast Grid is an interconnected pipeline network that includes, inter alia, the Wallumbilla Gladstone, Moomba
           Sydney, Roma Brisbane, Carpentaria Gas and South West Queensland pipelines and the Victorian Transmission System.
           Since the acquisition of the South West Queensland Pipeline to complete the formation of APA’s East Coast Grid in December
           2012, APA has installed facilities to enable bi-directional transportation of gas to meet the demand of our major customers
           who now typically operate portfolios of gas supply and demand. Through the provision of multi-asset services, bi-directional
           transportation, capacity trading and gas storage and parking facilities, APA’s East Coast Grid delivers options for customers
           to choose from, and move gas between, more than 40 receipt points and over 100 delivery points on the east coast of
           Australia. The East Coast Grid is categorised as an individual cash-generating unit.
           The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to cash-generating units that are significant individually or in aggregate is as follows:
           Asset Management business                                                                                                              21,456                  21,456
           Energy Infrastructure
                East Cost Grid                                                                                                                1,060,681               1,060,681
                Diamantina Power Station                                                                                                          43,104                  43,104
                Other energy infrastructure         (a)
                                                                                                                                                 58,363                   58,363
                                                                                                                                              1,183,604               1,183,604

           a) Primarily represents goodwill relating to the Pilbara Pipeline System ($32.6m) and the Goldfields Gas Pipeline ($18.5m).
           Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost and subsequently at cost less accumulated impairment.




           76 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        12. Goodwill and intangibles (continued)
                        Allocation of goodwill to cash-generating units (continued)
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Contract and other intangibles
                        Gross carrying amount
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                          3,590,960                 3,589,799
                        Acquisitions / additions                                                                                                                 318                     1,161
                        Balance at end of financial year                                                                                                 3,591,278               3,590,960

                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                            (598,529)                 (415,517)
                        Amortisation expense (Note 5)                                                                                                     (182,988)                (183,012)
                        Balance at end of financial year                                                                                                   (781,517)               (598,529)
                                                                                                                                                         2,809,761                2,992,431

                        APA Group holds various third party operating and maintenance contracts. The combined gross carrying amount of $3,591.3
                        million amortises over terms ranging from one to 20 years. Useful life is determined based on the underlying contractual
                        terms. Amortisation expense is not a cash item, and is included in the line item of depreciation and amortisation expense in
                        the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        Intangible assets acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment
                        losses. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are identified and recognised separately from goodwill and are
                        initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date and subsequently at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                        accumulated impairment losses.
                        Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of each asset. The estimated useful life and
                        amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each annual reporting period, with the effects of any changes in estimate
                        being accounted for on a prospective basis.
                        13. Impairment of non-financial assets
                        APA Group tests property, plant and equipment, intangibles and goodwill for impairment at least annually or whenever there
                        is an indication that the asset may be impaired. Assets other than goodwill that have previously reported an impairment are
                        reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting period.
                        If the asset does not generate independent cash inflows and its value in use cannot be estimated to be close to its fair value,
                        the asset is tested for impairment as part of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to which it belongs.
                        Assets are impaired if their carrying value exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is
                        determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal or value-in-use.
                        Determining whether identifiable intangible assets and goodwill are impaired requires an estimation of the value-in-use or
                        fair value of the cash-generating units. The calculations require APA Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to
                        arise from cash-generating units and suitable discount rates in order to calculate the present value of cash-generating units.
                        These estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
                        The recoverable amounts of cash-generating units are determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use
                        cash flow projections based on a five year financial business plan and thereafter a further 15 year financial model inclusive
                        of appropriate terminal values. This is the basis of APA Group's forecasting and planning processes which represents the
                        underlying long term nature of associated customer contracts on these assets.
                        In accordance with the requirements of AASB 136 Impairment of Assets, APA Group reviewed its CGUs for indicators of
                        impairment at the end of the reporting period. No such indicators were identified and no impairment recognised.
                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – impairment of assets
                        For fully regulated assets, cash flows have been extrapolated on the basis of existing transportation contracts and government
                        policy settings, and expected contract renewals with a resulting average annual growth rate of 1.0% p.a. (2018: 1.0% p.a.).
                        These expected cash flows are factored into the regulated asset base and do not exceed management's expectations of the
                        long-term average growth rate for the market in which the cash generating unit operates.
                        For non-regulated assets, APA has assumed no capacity expansion beyond installed and committed levels; utilisation of
                        capacity is based on existing contracts, government policy settings and expected market outcomes.
                        As contracts mature, given ongoing demand for capacity, it is assumed that the majority of the capacity is resold at similar
                        pricing levels.
                        Asset Management cash flow projections reflect long term agreements with assumptions of renewal on similar terms and
                        conditions based on management's expectations.


                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 77
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Operating Assets and Liabilities

           13. Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)
           Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty – impairment of assets (continued)
           Cash flow projections are estimated for a period of up to 20 years, with a terminal value, recognising the long term nature




For personal use only
           of the assets. The pre-tax discount rates used are 7.75% p.a. (2018: 8.25% p.a.) for Energy Infrastructure assets other than
           Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline segment (WGP) and 7.75% p.a. (2018: 8.25% p.a.) for Asset Management. In relation to WGP
           segment of the Energy Infrastructure assets, the debt financing that was specifically raised to fund the acquisition is utilised
           to determine the pre-tax discount rate of 6.50% p.a. applicable to this asset (2018: 6.50% p.a.).
           These assumptions have been determined with reference to historic information, current performance and expected changes
           taking into account external information such as discount rates, the effects of inflation, climate change based on TCFD
           scenario testing to 2030, the outlook for global and regional market gas supply-and-demand conditions, contract renewals,
           and input costs. Such estimates may change as new information becomes available.
           14. Provisions
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Employee benefits                                                                                                                     86,625                   78,433
           Other                                                                                                                                    8,216                   5,196
           Current                                                                                                                                94,841                  83,629

           Employee benefits                                                                                                                      33,672                 30,180
           Other                                                                                                                                  55,991                   41,771
           Non-current                                                                                                                           89,663                    71,951

           Employee benefits
           Incentives                                                                                                                             33,126                  28,153
           Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                                    7,042                   8,299
           Leave balances                                                                                                                         46,137                   41,981
           Termination benefits                                                                                                                      320                        —
           Current                                                                                                                               86,625                   78,433

           Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                                    9,695                   14,791
           Defined benefit liability (Note 16)                                                                                                    13,852                   5,032
           Leave balances                                                                                                                         10,125                  10,357
           Non-current                                                                                                                            33,672                 30,180

           A provision is recognised when there is a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that future
           economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the provision can be measured reliably.
           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
           end of the financial year, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured
           using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.
           When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the
           receivable is recognised as an asset if it is probable that recovery will be received and the amount of the receivable can be
           measured reliably.
           Provision is made for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries, incentives, annual leave and long
           service leave when it is probable that settlement will be required. Provisions made in respect of employee benefits expected
           to be settled within 12 months, are recognised for employee services up to reporting date at the amounts expected to be
           paid when the liability is settled. Provisions made in respect of employee benefits which are not expected to be wholly settled
           within 12 months are measured as the present value of the estimated future cash outflows using a discount rate based on
           the corporate bond yield in respect of services provided by employees up to reporting date.
           15. Other non-current assets
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Line pack gas                                                                                                                         20,607                  20,607
           Gas held in storage                                                                                                                     6,010                   6,010
           Defined benefit asset (Note 16)                                                                                                         4,057                   6,693
           Other assets                                                                                                                               192                     192
                                                                                                                                                 30,866                  33,502

           78 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        16. Employee superannuation plans
                        All employees of APA Group are entitled to benefits on retirement, disability or death from an industry sponsored fund, or an
                        alternative fund of their choice. APA Group has three plans with defined benefit sections (due to the acquisition of businesses)




For personal use only
                        and a number of other plans with defined contribution sections. The defined benefit sections provide lump sum benefits upon
                        retirement based on years of service. The defined contribution sections receive fixed contributions from APA Group and APA
                        Group's legal and constructive obligations are limited to these amounts.
                        The most recent actuarial valuations of plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligations were determined
                        at 30 June 2019. The present value of the defined benefit obligations, and the related current service cost and past service
                        cost, were measured using the projected unit credit method.
                        The following sets out details in respect of the defined benefit plans only:
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                        Current service cost                                                                                                                   1,955                   2,234
                        Net interest (income)/expense                                                                                                              (11)                    46
                        Components of defined benefit costs recognised in profit or loss (Note 5)                                                              1,944                   2,280

                        Amounts recognised in the statement of financial position
                        Fair value of plan assets                                                                                                           136,487                 135,620
                        Present value of benefit obligation                                                                                                (146,282)               (133,959)
                        Defined benefit asset – non-current (Note 15)                                                                                         4,057                    6,693
                        Defined benefit liability – non-current (Note 14)                                                                                   (13,852)                  (5,032)

                        Opening defined benefit obligation                                                                                                  133,959                 134,804
                        Current service cost                                                                                                                   1,955                   2,234
                        Interest cost                                                                                                                          5,312                   5,369
                        Contributions from plan participants                                                                                                     744                     786
                        Actuarial loss                                                                                                                        15,837                    5,138
                        Benefits paid                                                                                                                       (11,044)                 (13,873)
                        Administrative expenses, taxes and premiums paid                                                                                        (481)                   (499)
                        Closing defined benefit obligation                                                                                                  146,282                 133,959

                        Movements in the present value of the plan assets in the current period were as follows:
                        Opening fair value of plan assets                                                                                                   135,620                 135,029
                        Interest income                                                                                                                        5,323                   5,323
                        Actual return on plan assets excluding interest income                                                                                4,420                    6,726
                        Contributions from employer                                                                                                            1,905                    2,128
                        Contributions from plan participants                                                                                                     744                     786
                        Benefits paid                                                                                                                       (11,044)                 (13,873)
                        Administrative expenses, taxes and premiums paid                                                                                        (481)                   (499)
                        Closing fair value of plan assets                                                                                                   136,487                 135,620

                        Defined contribution plans
                        Contributions to defined contribution plans are expensed when incurred.
                        Defined benefit plans
                        Actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest) are recognised immediately in the statement
                        of financial position with a charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.
                        Remeasurement, comprising of actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognised
                        in other comprehensive income and immediately reflected in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
                        Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment.
                        The defined benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
                        or surplus in APA Group's defined benefit plans. Any asset resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
                        economic benefits available in the form of refunds and reductions in future contributions to the plan.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 79
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Operating Assets and Liabilities

           16. Employee superannuation plans (continued)
           Defined benefit plans (continued)
           Key actuarial assumptions used in the determination of the defined benefit obligation is a discount rate of 3.1% gross of




For personal use only
           tax (2018: 4.1%), based on the corporate bond yield curve published by Milliman, an expected salary increase rate of 3.0%
           (2018: 3.0%), and pension indexation rate of 2.0% (2018 2.0%). The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based
           on reasonable possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all
           other assumptions constant:
           — If the discount rate is 50 basis points higher (lower), the defined benefit obligation would decrease by $7,080,000 (increase
             by $7,891,000).
           — If the expected salary growth increases (decreases) by 0.5%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by $1,957,000
             (decrease by $1,822,000).
           — If the expected pension indexation rate increases (decreases) by 0.5%, the defined benefit obligation would increase by
             $5,635,000 (decrease by $5,121,000).
           The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligation
           as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation to one another as some of the assumptions may
           be correlated.
           Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligation has been
           calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in
           calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the statement of financial position.
           APA Group expects to pay $1.9 million in contributions to the defined benefit plans during the year ending 30 June 2020.
           17. Leases
           Leases are classified as finance leases when the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
           to the ownership of the leased asset to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
           Finance lease receivables relate to the lease of a metering station, natural gas vehicle refuelling facilities and two pipeline laterals.
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Finance lease receivables
           Not longer than 1 year                                                                                                                   2,411                   2,775
           Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years                                                                                          8,063                   8,763
           Longer than 5 years                                                                                                                      11,121                12,832
           Minimum future lease payments receivable (a)                                                                                           21,595                  24,370

           Gross finance lease receivables                                                                                                        21,595                  24,370
           Less: unearned finance lease receivables                                                                                               (7,555)                 (8,860)
           Present value of lease receivables                                                                                                    14,040                   15,510

           Included in the financial statements as part of:
           Current trade and other receivables (Note 9)                                                                                             1,246                  1,480
           Non-current receivables (Note 9)                                                                                                       12,794                 14,030
                                                                                                                                                 14,040                   15,510

           a) Minimum future lease payments receivable include the aggregate of all lease payments receivable and any guaranteed residual.

           APA Group as a lessor
           Amounts due from a lessee under finance leases are recorded as receivables. Finance lease receivables are initially recognised
           at amounts equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments receivable plus the present value of any unguaranteed
           residual value expected to accrue at the end of the lease term. Finance lease income is allocated to accounting periods so as
           to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
           APA Group as a lessee
           Assets held under finance leases are initially recognised at their fair value or, if lower, at amounts equal to the present value
           of the minimum lease payments, each determined at the inception of the lease. The corresponding liability to the lessor is
           included in the consolidated statement of financial position as a finance lease obligation. Lease payments are allocated
           between finance charges and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the remaining
           balance of the liability.
           Finance lease assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset.




           80 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        17. Leases (continued)
                        Non-cancellable operating leases
                        Operating lease obligations are primarily related to commercial office leases and motor vehicles.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Not longer than 1 year                                                                                                               14,638                   13,641
                        Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years                                                                                       34,688                  36,487
                        Longer than 5 years                                                                                                                   16,477                  22,437
                                                                                                                                                             65,803                  72,565

                        Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except where another
                        systematic basis is more representative of the time patterns in which economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed.
                        Operating lease incentives are recognised as a liability when received and released to the statement of profit or loss on a
                        straight line basis over the lease term.

                         Capital Management

                        APA Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern whilst maximising
                        the return to securityholders through the optimisation of the debt to equity structure.
                        APA Group's overall capital management strategy is to continue to target BBB/Baa2 investment grade credit ratings through
                        maintaining sufficient flexibility to fund organic growth and investment from internally generated and retained cash flows,
                        debt funding and, where appropriate, additional equity.
                        The capital structure of APA Group consists of cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and equity attributable to securityholders
                        of APA. APA Group's policy is to maintain balanced and diverse funding sources through borrowing locally and from overseas,
                        using a variety of capital markets and bank loan facilities, to meet anticipated funding requirements.
                        Operating cash flows are used to maintain and expand APA Group's assets, make distributions to securityholders and to
                        repay maturing debt.
                        Controlled entities are subject to externally imposed capital requirements. These relate to the Australian Financial Services
                        Licence held by Australian Pipeline Limited, the Responsible Entity of APA Group, and were adhered to for the entirety of the
                        2019 and 2018 periods.
                        APA Group's capital management strategy remains unchanged from the previous year.
                        APA Group's Board of Directors reviews the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of the review, the Board considers
                        the cost of capital and the state of the markets. APA Group's Funds From Operations to Net Debt exceed the levels S&P and
                        Moody's consider appropriate for APA's BBB/Baa2 credit rating. Funds From Operations to Net Debt is a leverage metric
                        that measures cash flows generated by the business that are available to service debt (note: each rating agency calculates
                        credit metrics slightly differently using their own proprietary methods). Creditworthiness improves as the percentage of
                        Funds From Operations to Net Debt increases (and vice versa). APA Group balances its overall capital structure through
                        equity issuance, new debt or the redemption of existing debt and through a disciplined distribution payment policy.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 81
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           18. Net debt
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash on hand, at call bank deposits and investments in money market instruments that
           are readily convertible to known amounts for cash. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year as shown in the




For personal use only
           statement of cash flows are reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial position detailed in the table below.
           Borrowings are recorded initially at fair value less attributable transaction costs and subsequently stated at amortised cost.
           Any difference between the initial recognised cost and the redemption value is recognised in the statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income over the period of the borrowing using the effective interest method.
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                                             354,703                   99,277
           Short-term deposits                                                                                                                        244                   1,366
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            354,947                 100,643

           Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                         (433,550)                (318,373)
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                                           (10,952)                (10,846)
           Current borrowings                                                                                                                 (444,502)                 (329,219)

           Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                        (9,841,174)            (9,089,991)
           Bank borrowings (b)                                                                                                                          —            (200,000)
           Other financial liabilities                                                                                                          (65,379)                 (73,458)
           Less: unamortised borrowing costs                                                                                                     40,740                   42,072
           Non-current borrowings                                                                                                            (9,865,813)              (9,321,377)
           Total borrowings                                                                                                                 (10,310,315)             (9,650,596)
           Net debt                                                                                                                         (9,955,368)              (9,549,953)

           a) Represents USD denominated private placement notes of US$199 million, CAD medium term notes (MTN) of C$300 million, JPY MTN of ¥ 10,000 million, GBP
              MTN of £1,350 million, EUR MTN of €1,350 million and USD denominated 144a notes of US$3,000 million measured at the exchange rate at reporting date,
              and A$143 million of AUD denominated private placement notes and AUD MTN of A$500 million (2018: Includes USD denominated private placement notes of
              US$185 million and A$68 million of AUD denominated private placement notes). Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.
           b) Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.

           Reconciliation of net debt
                                                                                                 Cash              Borrowings              Borrowings
                                                                                             and cash               due within               due after
                                                                                           equivalents                  1 year                  1 year                Net debt
                                                                                                $000                    $000                    $000                    $000

           Net debt as at 1 July 2017                                                           394,501                (126,858)             (9,573,907)             (9,306,264)
           Cash movements                                                                       (293,612)                137,015               315,000                  158,403
           Foreign exchange movements due to fair value changes                                      (246)               (13,298)              (384,758)               (398,302)
           Transfer from due after 1 year to due within 1 year                                          —              (326,078)                326,078                         —
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                     —                       —                 (3,790)                 (3,790)
           Net debt as at 30 June 2018                                                          100,643                 (329,219)             (9,321,377)            (9,549,953)

           Net debt as at 1 July 2018                                                           100,643                (329,219)             (9,321,377)             (9,549,953)
           Cash movements                                                                       254,360                 325,854                (819,706)               (239,492)
           Foreign exchange movements due to fair value changes                                       (56)               (41,699)              (122,836)               (164,591)
           Transfer from due after 1 year to due within 1 year                                          —              (399,438)                399,438                         —
           Amortisation of deferred borrowing costs                                                     —                       —                  (1,332)                 (1,332)
           Net debt as at 30 June 2019                                                          354,947               (444,502)              (9,865,813)            (9,955,368)




           82 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        18. Net debt (continued)
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000




For personal use only
                        Financing facilities available
                        Total facilities
                        Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                     10,274,724               9,408,364
                        Bank borrowings        (b)
                                                                                                                                                        1,550,000                1,068,750
                                                                                                                                                        11,824,724               10,477,114

                        Facilities used at balance date
                        Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                     10,274,724               9,408,364
                        Bank borrowings (b)                                                                                                                         —             200,000
                                                                                                                                                        10,274,724               9,608,364

                        Facilities unused at balance date
                        Guaranteed senior notes (a)                                                                                                                 —                       —
                        Bank borrowings        (b)
                                                                                                                                                        1,550,000                  868,750
                                                                                                                                                        1,550,000                  868,750

                        a) Represents USD denominated private placement notes of US$199 million, CAD medium term notes (MTN) of C$300 million, JPY MTN of ¥ 10,000 million, GBP
                           MTN of £1,350 million, EUR MTN of €1,350 million and USD denominated 144a notes of US$3,000 million measured at the exchange rate at reporting date,
                           and A$143 million of AUD denominated private placement notes and AUD MTN of A$500 million (2018: Includes USD denominated private placement notes of
                           US$185 million and A$68 million of AUD denominated private placement notes). Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.
                        b) Refer to Note 19 for details of interest rates and maturity profiles.

                        19. Financial risk management
                        APA Group's corporate Treasury department is responsible for the overall management of APA Group’s capital raising
                        activities, liquidity, lender relationships and engagement, debt portfolio management, interest rate and foreign exchange
                        hedging, credit rating maintenance and third party indemnities (bank guarantees) within risk management parameters
                        reviewed by the Board. The Audit and Risk Management Committee (”ARMC”) approves written principles for overall risk
                        management, as well as policies covering specific areas such as liquidity and funding risk, foreign currency risk, interest rate
                        risk, credit risk, contract and legal risk, operational risk and climate change. APA Group's ARMC ensures there is an appropriate
                        Risk Management Policy for the management of treasury risk and compliance with the policy through the review of monthly
                        reporting to the Board from the Treasury department.
                        APA Group's activities generate financial instruments comprising of cash, receivables, payables and interest bearing liabilities
                        which expose it to various risks as summarised below:
                        a) Market risk including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk;
                        b) Credit risk; and
                        c) Liquidity risk.
                        Treasury as a centralised function provides APA Group with the benefits of efficient cash utilisation, control of funding and its
                        associated costs, efficient and effective management of aggregated financial risk and concentration of financial expertise,
                        at an acceptable cost and manages risks through the use of natural hedges and derivative instruments. APA Group does
                        not engage in speculative trading. All derivatives have been transacted to hedge underlying or existing exposures and have
                        adhered to the ARMC approved Treasury Risk Management Policy.
                        a) Market risk
                        APA Group's market risk exposure is primarily due to changes in market prices such as interest and foreign exchange rates.
                        APA Group enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign
                        currency risk, including:
                        — FECs to hedge the exchange rate risk arising from foreign currency cash flows, mainly US dollars, derived from revenues,
                          interest payments and capital equipment purchases;
                        — cross currency swaps to manage the currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated borrowings;
                        — foreign currency denominated borrowings to manage the currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated
                          revenue and receivables; and
                        — interest rate swaps to mitigate interest rate risk.
                        APA Group is also exposed to price risk arising from its forward purchase contracts over listed equities and electricity price risk
                        arising from an electricity contract for difference.
                        There has been no change to the nature of the market risks to which APA Group is exposed or the manner in which these risks
                        are managed and measured.



                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 83
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           a) Market risk (continued)
           Foreign currency risk




For personal use only
           APA Group's foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions (including revenue, interest payments and
           principal debt repayments on long-term borrowings and the purchases of capital equipment). Exchange rate exposures
           are managed within approved policy parameters utilising forward exchange contracts, cross currency swap contracts and
           foreign currency denominated borrowings. All foreign currency exposure was managed in accordance with the Treasury Risk
           Management Policy.
           Forward foreign exchange contracts
           To manage foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions such as forecast capital purchases, revenue and
           interest payments, APA Group uses forward FECs. Gains and losses recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve (statement
           of comprehensive income) on these derivatives will be released to profit or loss when the underlying anticipated transaction
           affects the statement of profit or loss or will be included in the carrying value of the asset or liability acquired.
           The carrying amount of APA Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets, monetary liabilities and derivative
           notional amounts at the reporting date is as follows:
           				                                         Cross                                                                                       Foreign        Net foreign
                Cash & cash		                  Total currency                                                                                     exchange           currency
                 equivalents Receivables borrowings    swaps                                                                                       contract           position
           2019       $000        $000        $000     $000                                                                                          $000               $000

           US Dollar (USD) (a)                                            12,458                   —      (4,558,603)             327,588          (935,003)         (5,153,560)
           Japanese Yen (JPY)                                                   —                  —          (132,196)            132,196                   —                  —
           Canadian Dollar (CAD)                                                —                  —         (326,675)            326,675                    —                  —
           British Pound (GBP)                                                  —                  —      (2,442,600)         2,442,600                    267                267
           Euro (EUR)                                                           —                  —       (2,187,895)          2,187,895               3,031              3,031
           Swedish Krona (SEK)                                                  —                  —                   —                  —            41,429             41,429
                                                                          12,458                   —       (9,647,969)          5,416,954          (890,276)        (5,108,833)

           2018
           US Dollar (USD) (a)                                              3,143                  —       (4,576,684)           (433,791)          (109,807)          (5,117,139)
           Canadian Dollar (CAD)                                                —                  —         (308,496)           308,496                     —                  —
           British Pound (GBP)                                                  —                  —        (1,694,493)         1,694,493                    —                  —
           Euro (EUR)                                                           —                  —        (2,129,801)         2,129,801               18,911             18,911
           Swedish Krona (SEK)                                                  —                  —                   —                  —            43,344             43,344
           Danish Krona (DKK)                                                   —                  —                   —                  —             4,102               4,102
                                                                            3,143                  —       (8,709,474)         3,698,999             (43,450)       (5,050,782)

           a) Foreign currency denominated borrowings to manage the currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated revenue and receivables.

           It is the policy of APA Group to hedge 100% of all foreign exchange exposures in excess of US$1 million equivalent that are
           certain. Forecast foreign currency denominated revenues and interest payments will be hedged by FECs on a rolling basis
           with the objective being to lock in the AUD gross cash flows and manage liquidity.
           For the hedges of highly probable forecast sales and purchases, as the critical terms (i.e. the notional amount, life and
           underlying) of the foreign exchange forward contracts and their corresponding hedged items are the same, APA Group
           performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness and it is expected that the value of the forward contracts and the value of
           the corresponding hedged items will systematically change in opposite directions in response to movements in the underlying
           exchange rates.
           The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the effect of the counterparty and APA Group's own
           credit risk on the fair value of the forward contracts, which is not reflected in the fair value of the hedged item attributable
           to changes in foreign exchange rates. The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that
           economic relationship.




           84 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        a) Market risk (continued)
                        The following table details the forward foreign exchange currency contracts outstanding at reporting date:




For personal use only
                        Cash flow hedges                                           Average
                        		exchange                                                                         Contract Value
                                                                       Foreign         rate      < 1 year    1 - 2 years   2 - 5 years                                           Fair value
                        2019                                          currency            $        $000           $000          $000                                                 $000

                        Forecast revenue and associated receivable
                        Pay USD / receive AUD                                          USD              0.7169            319,697            364,587             253,313             (11,874)
                        Forecast capital purchases
                        Pay AUD / receive USD                                          USD              0.7124              (2,594)                  —                   —                 35
                        Pay AUD / receive EUR                                           EUR             0.6018                (942)             (1,522)              (567)                  (1)
                        Pay AUD / receive SEK                                           SEK              5.7712              (7,217)         (30,528)             (3,684)             (3,818)
                        Pay AUD / receive GBP                                          GBP              0.5431                (267)                  —                   —                 (5)
                         308,677
                        		       332,537 249,062                                                                                                                                     (15,663)

                        2018
                        Forecast revenue and associated receivable
                        Pay USD / receive AUD                                          USD              0.6528             137,462                   —                   —            15,957
                        Forecast capital purchases
                        Pay AUD / receive USD                                          USD              0.7596             (27,515)               (140)                  —               734
                        Pay AUD / receive EUR                                           EUR             0.6821             (17,039)                (77)            (1,795)             1,706
                        Pay AUD / receive SEK                                           SEK             5.7572              (2,087)            (7,045)            (34,212)             (3,142)
                        Pay AUD / receive DKK                                          DKK               5.1321             (4,102)                  —                   —               387
                        			                                                                                                 86,719              (7,262)         (36,007)              15,642

                        As at reporting date, APA Group has entered into FECs to hedge net US exchange rate risk arising from anticipated future
                        transactions with an aggregate notional principal amount of $937.6 million (2018: $137.5 million) which are designated in cash
                        flow hedge relationships. The hedged anticipated transactions denominated in US dollars are expected to occur at various
                        dates between one month to three years from reporting date.
                        Cross currency swap contracts
                        APA Group enters into cross currency swap contracts to mitigate the risk of adverse movements in foreign exchange rates in
                        relation to principal and interest payments arising from foreign currency borrowings. APA Group receives fixed amounts in the
                        various foreign currencies and pays fixed interest rates for the full term of the underlying borrowings. In certain circumstances
                        borrowings are retained in the foreign currency, or hedged from one foreign currency to another to match payments of
                        interest and principal against expected future business cash flows in that foreign currency.
                        The following table details the cross currency swap contract principal payments due as at the reporting date:
                        Cash flow hedges		                                                          Exchange           Less than			                                             More than
                                           Foreign                                                       rate              1 year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years                         5 years
                        2019              currency                                                          $             $000         $000        $000                            $000

                        Pay AUD / receive foreign currency
                        2007 USPP Notes                                         AUD/USD                0.8068                     —                  —          (153,694)                   —
                        2009 USPP Notes                                         AUD/USD                 0.7576            (98,997)                   —                   —                  —
                        2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                              AUD/CAD                 1.0363          (289,494)                    —                   —                  —
                        2012 US144A                                             AUD/USD                 1.0198                    —                  —         (735,438)                    —
                        2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                              AUD/GBP                0.6530                     —                  —                   —        (535,988)
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                              AUD/EUR                 0.6183                    —                  —         (1,132,141)                  —
                        2017 US144A                                             AUD/USD                 0.7668                    —                  —                   —      (1,108,503)
                        2019 GBP Medium Term Notes                              AUD/GBP                0.5388                     —                  —                   —        (742,390)
                        2019 JPY Medium Term Notes                               AUD/JPY              75.2220                     —                  —                   —         (132,940)
                        Pay USD / receive foreign currency
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                              USD/EUR                 0.9514                    —                  —                   —        (973,587)
                        2015 GBP Medium Term Notes                              USD/GBP                 0.6773                    —                  —                   —       (1,262,415)
                        			(388,491)                                                                                                                 —       (2,021,273)        (4,755,823)


                                                                                                                                       APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 85
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           a) Market risk (continued)
           Cash flow hedges (continued)		                                               Exchange            Less than			                                            More than




For personal use only
                                                      Foreign                                rate               1 year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years                        5 years
           2018                                      currency                                   $              $000         $000        $000                           $000

           Pay AUD / receive foreign currency
           2003 USPP Notes                                           AUD/USD                 0.6573            (95,847)                   —                  —                  —
           2007 USPP Notes                                           AUD/USD                0.8068             (151,215)                  —         (153,694)                   —
           2009 USPP Notes                                           AUD/USD                 0.7576                    —          (98,997)                   —                  —
           2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                                AUD/CAD                 1.0363                    —         (289,494)                   —                  —
           2012 US144A                                               AUD/USD                 1.0198                    —                  —         (735,438)                   —
           2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                                AUD/GBP                0.6530                     —                  —                  —         (535,988)
           2017 US144A                                               AUD/USD                 0.7668                    —                  —                  —       (1,108,503)
           Pay USD / receive foreign currency
           2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                                USD/EUR                 0.9514                    —                  —         (994,901)          (924,013)
           2015 GBP Medium Term Notes                                USD/GBP                 0.6773                    —                  —                  —        (1,198,134)
           			                                                                                                (247,062)          (388,491)       (1,884,033)         (3,766,638)

           Foreign currency denominated borrowings
           APA Group maintains a level of borrowings in foreign currency, or swapped from one foreign currency to another to match
           payments of interest and principal against expected future business cash flows in that foreign currency. This mitigates the
           risk of movements in foreign exchange rates in relation to principal and interest payments arising from these foreign currency
           borrowings as well as future revenues.
           Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
           The analysis below shows the effect on profit and total equity of retranslating cash, receivables, payables and interest-
           bearing liabilities denominated in USD, JPY, CAD, GBP and EUR into AUD, had the rates been 20 percent higher or lower than
           the relevant year end rate, with all other variables held constant, and taking into account all underlying exposures and related
           hedges. A sensitivity of 20 percent has been selected and represents management's assessment of the possible change in
           rates taking into account the current level of exchange rates and the volatility observed both on an historical basis and on
           market expectations for possible future movements.
           — There would be no impact on net profit as all foreign currency exposures are fully hedged (2018: nil); and
           — Equity reserves would decrease by $1,296.4 million with a 20 percent depreciation of the A$ or increase by $864.7 million with
             a 20 percent increase in foreign exchange rates (2018: decrease by $1,272.0 million or increase by $849.4 million respectively).
           Interest rate risk
           APA Group's interest rate risk is derived predominately from borrowings subject to floating interest rates. This risk is managed
           by APA Group by maintaining an appropriate mix between fixed and floating rate borrowings, through the use of interest
           rate swap contracts. Hedging activities are evaluated regularly to align with interest rate views and defined policy, ensuring
           appropriate hedging strategies are applied.
           APA Group's exposures to interest rate risk on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this
           note. Exposure to financial assets is limited to cash and cash equivalents amounting to $354.9 million as at 30 June 2019
           (2018: $100.6 million).
           Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts
           Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts have the economic effect of converting borrowings from floating to
           fixed rates and/or fixed rate foreign currency to fixed or floating AUD rates on agreed notional principal amounts enabling
           APA Group to mitigate the risk of cash flow exposures on variable rate debt held. The fair value of interest rate swaps at
           the reporting date is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the yield curves at reporting date. The average
           interest rate is based on the drawn debt balances at the end of the financial year.
           There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. Based on APA Group's qualitative
           assessment of effectiveness, it is expected that the value of the interest rate swap contracts and the value of the corresponding
           hedged items will systematically change in opposite directions in response to movements in the underlying interest rates. The
           main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedge relationships is the effect of the counterparty and APA Group's own
           credit risk on the fair value of the interest rate swap contracts, which is not reflected in the fair value of the hedged item
           attributable to the change in interest rates and difference in timing of the future cash flows. The effect of credit risk does not
           dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship.




           86 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        a) Market risk (continued)
                        Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts (continued)




For personal use only
                        The following table details the notional principal amounts and remaining terms of the cross currency and interest rate swap
                        contracts outstanding as at the end of the financial year:
                                                                                       Weighted average                            Notional
                                                                                         interest rate                         principal amount                          Fair value
                                                                                       2019               2018                 2019              2018              2019               2018
                                                                                      % p.a.             % p.a.               $000              $000              $000               $000
                        Cash flow hedges – Pay fixed AUD interest – receive floating AUD or fixed foreign currency
                        Less than 1 year                                                5.42                7.30            388,491          247,062            44,604                1,036
                        1 year to 2 years                                                   —              8.05                   —          388,491                    —            11,950
                        2 years to 5 years (a)                                          4.37                5.14          2,021,273        1,884,033           260,645             338,786
                        5 years and more (a)                                            4.08                 5.11         4,755,823        3,766,638         (133,801)               24,031
                                                                                                                           7,165,587       6,286,224            171,448           375,803

                        a) This amount includes a notional amount of USD 1.6 billion (2018: USD 2.3 billion) which is subject to USD interest rate risk.

                        The cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts settle on a quarterly or semi-annual basis. The floating rate
                        benchmark on the interest rate swaps is Australian BBSW. APA Group will settle the difference between the fixed and floating
                        interest rate on a net basis.
                        All cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts exchanging floating rate interest amounts for fixed rate interest
                        amounts are designated as cash flow hedges in order to reduce APA Group's cash flow exposure on borrowings.
                        The following tables detail before tax information of APA Group (excluding share of hedge reserves of associates) regarding
                        derivative financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period, their related hedged items and the
                        effectiveness of the hedging relationships.
                                                                        Fair value of hedge            Fair value of                 Reserve
                                                                            instrument                 hedge item                    balance

                                                                                        2019               2018                2019                2018             2019               2018
                                                                                       $000               $000                $000                $000             $000               $000

                        Foreign exchange risk
                        Hedging foreign currency borrowings                          171,448           375,802              (169,821)        (383,757)          533,795             309,599
                        (cross currency swap)
                        Hedging revenue and associated                              (218,137)           (116,552)            218,137            116,552          218,137             116,552
                        receivables (foreign currency borrowings)
                        Hedging revenue and associated                                (11,873)            15,957              11,889            (15,966)           11,873            (15,696)
                        receivables (FECs)
                        Hedging capital purchases (FECs)                              (3,790)                (314)            3,800                 337             3,756                308
                                                                                     (62,352)           274,893              64,005          (282,834)           767,561            410,763

                                                                                                                          Hedge                                  Balance relating
                                                                                                                     ineffectiveness                              to discontinued
                                                                                                                       gain / (loss)                             cash flow hedges

                                                                                                                2019                     2018                  2019                    2018
                                                                                                               $000                     $000                  $000                    $000

                        Foreign exchange risk
                        Hedging foreign currency borrowings (cross currency swap)                               1,033                   3,970                 28,217                        —
                        Hedging revenue and associated receivables (FECs)                                            —                    261                       —                       —
                        Hedging capital purchases (FECs)                                                            (34)                    (6)                     —                       —
                                                                                                                    999                 4,225                 28,217                        —




                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 87
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           a) Market risk (continued)
           Cross currency swap and interest rate swap contracts (continued)




For personal use only
                                                                                                             Hedge                                   Balance relating
                                                                                                        ineffectiveness                               to discontinued
                                                                                                          gain / (loss)                              cash flow hedges

                                                                                                   2019                     2018                   2019                     2018
                                                                                                  $000                     $000                   $000                     $000

           Interest rate risk
           Hedging US$ denominated borrowings
           (interest rate swap)                                                                         —                       —                 52,912                  57,150
                                                                                                        —                       —                 52,912                  57,150

                                                                           Fair value of hedge                        Fair value of                              Reserve
                                                                               instrument                             hedge item                                 balance

                                                                           2019                2018               2019               2018               2019                2018
                                                                          $000                $000               $000               $000               $000                $000

           Electricity price risk
           Hedging electricity contract                                         —             (6,536)                  —             6,536                   —             6,536
           (contract for difference)
                                                                                —             (6,536)                  —             6,536                   —             6,536

           Interest rate sensitivity analysis
           The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for both derivative and non-
           derivative instruments held. A 100 basis point increase or decrease is used and represents management's assessment of the
           greatest possible change in interest rates over the short term. At reporting date, if interest rates had been 100 basis points
           higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, APA Group's:
           — net profit would decrease by $nil or increase by $nil (2018: decrease by $2,000,000 or increase by $2,000,000); and
           — equity reserves would increase by $54,170,000 with a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates or decrease by $35,640,000
             with a 100 basis point increase in interest rates (2018: increase by $40,738,000 or decrease by $31,154,000 respectively).
             This is due to the changes in the fair value of derivative interest instruments.
           APA Group's profit sensitivity to interest rates has decreased during the current year as APA Group has no unhedged floating
           rate borrowings outstanding at the end of the financial year. The increase/decrease in equity reserves is based on 1.00% p.a.
           increase/decrease in the yield curve at the reporting date. The increase in sensitivity in equity is due to the increase in the
           notional value of cross currency swaps.
           Price risk – equity price
           APA Group is exposed to price risk arising from its forward purchase contracts over listed equities. The forward purchase contracts
           are held to meet hedging objectives rather than for trading purposes. APA Group does not actively trade these holdings.
           Price risk – electricity price
           APA Group is exposed to electricity price risk arising from a contract for difference in an electricity sales agreement with a
           customer. The contract guarantees the Group a fixed price for electricity offtake. The sensitivity of the contract for difference
           to changes in the electricity price is provided in the fair value of financial instrument section.
           b) Credit risk
           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to APA Group.
           Credit risk management
           APA Group has adopted the policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral or bank
           guarantees where appropriate as a means of mitigating the risk of loss. For financial investments or market risk hedging,
           APA Group's policy is to only transact with counterparties that have a credit rating of A- (Standard & Poor's)/A3 (Moody's)
           or higher unless specifically approved by the Board. Where a counterparty's rating falls below this threshold following a
           transaction, no other transactions can be executed with that counterparty until the exposure is sufficiently reduced or their
           credit rating is upgraded above APA Group's minimum threshold. APA Group's exposure to financial instrument and deposit
           credit risk is closely monitored against counterparty credit limits imposed by the Treasury Risk Management Policy approved
           by the ARMC. These limits are regularly reviewed by the Board.




           88 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        b) Credit risk (continued)
                        Overview of APA Group's exposure to credit risk




For personal use only
                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any collateral held or bank guarantees held
                        by the Group (which will cause a financial loss to APA Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties),
                        represents APA Group's maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to those assets.
                        In order to minimise credit risk, APA Group categorised exposures according to their degree of risk of default. APA Group's
                        exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions
                        concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.
                        APA Group's current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:
                        — Performing – the counterparty has a low risk of default and does not have any past-due amounts;
                        — Doubtful – amount is >30 days past due or there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition; and
                        — Write-off – there is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and APA Group has no realistic
                          prospect of recovery.
                        The table below details the credit quality of APA Group's financial assets.
                        2019                                                 External credit rating             Internal credit rating                                       ECL method (a)

                        Cash and cash equivalents                        A- (Standard & Poor's)/ Performing
                        and cash on deposit                               A3 (Moody's) or higher		                                                                            12-month ECL
                        Trade receivables                                                            N/A                                  — (b) Lifetime ECL (simplified approach)
                        Finance lease receivables                                                    N/A                                  — (b) Lifetime ECL (simplified approach)
                        Contract assets                                                              N/A                                  — (b) Lifetime ECL (simplified approach)
                        Loans advanced to related parties                                            N/A                    Performing                                        12-month ECL
                        Redeemable preference shares (GDI)                                           N/A                    Performing                                        12-month ECL
                        a) Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses (ECL) that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. In
                           contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12
                           months after the reporting date.
                        b) For trade receivables, finance lease receivables and contract assets, APA Group has applied the simplified approach in AASB 9 to measure the loss allowance at
                           lifetime ECL. APA Group determines the expected credit losses on these items by using a provision matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss experience
                           based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future economic conditions. Accordingly, the
                           credit risk profile of these assets is presented based on their past due status in terms of the provision matrix. Note 9 includes further details on the loss allowance
                           for these assets respectively if any.

                        There is no material ECL for any of the financial assets listed in the table above.
                        Cross guarantee
                        In accordance with a deed of cross guarantee, APT Pipelines Limited, a subsidiary of APA Group, has agreed to provide
                        financial support, when and as required, to all wholly-owned controlled entities with either a deficit in shareholders’ funds
                        or an excess of current liabilities over current assets. The fair value of the financial guarantee as at 30 June 2019 has been
                        determined to be immaterial and no liability has been recorded (2018: $nil).
                        c) Liquidity risk
                        APA Group has a policy of dealing with liquidity risk which requires an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for
                        the management of APA Group's short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. Liquidity
                        risk is managed by maintaining adequate cash reserves and banking facilities, by monitoring and forecasting cash flow and
                        where possible, by arranging liabilities with longer maturities to more closely match the underlying assets of APA Group.
                        Detailed in the table following are APA Group's remaining contractual maturities for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The
                        table is presented based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities taking account of the earliest date on which
                        APA Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.




                                                                                                                                         APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 89
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




            Capital Management

          19. Financial risk management (continued)
          c) Liquidity risk (continued)
          The table below shows the undiscounted Australian dollar cash flows associated with the AUD and foreign currency




For personal use only
          denominated notes, cross currency interest rate swaps and fixed interest rate swaps in aggregate.
          		            Average                                                                                               Less than		                          More than
          		 interest rate                                                                                                        1 year 1 - 5 years                 5 years
          2019 Maturity   % p.a.                                                                                                 $000         $000                    $000

          Unsecured financial liabilities
          Trade and other payables		                                                                                  —         302,082                     —                  —
                                        —
          Unsecured bank borrowings (a)		 —                                                                                                                 —                  —
          Denominated in A$
          Other financial liabilities		                                                                               —             4,285             12,207               5,961
          Denominated in US$
                                          —
          Other financial liabilities (b)		 8,327 29,023                                                                                                                 24,757
          Guaranteed Senior Notes (c)
          Denominated in A$
          2007 Series G                                                                15 May 22                  7.45             6,002             92,586                    —
          2007 Series H                                                                15 May 22                  7.45              4,617             71,220                   —
          2010 AUD Medium Term Notes                                                     22 Jul 20                 7.75           23,250             311,625                   —
          2016 AUD Medium Term Notes                                                   20 Oct 23                  3.75             7,500           226,250                     —
          Denominated in US$
          2007 Series F                                                                15 May 22                   6.14            11,354           176,433                    —
          2009 Series B                                                                    1 Jul 19               8.86           104,797                    —                  —
          2012 US 144A                                                                   11 Oct 22                3.88             49,661            857,911                   —
          2015 US 144A (b)                                                             23 Mar 25                  4.20            65,835            263,342          1,633,528
          2015 US 144A (b)                                                             23 Mar 35                  5.00             21,375            85,501            662,867
          2017 US 144A                                                                   15 Jul 27                4.25             58,715           234,894           1,313,477
          Denominated in stated foreign currency
          2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                                                     24 Jul 19                4.25           299,179                    —                  —
          2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                                                   26 Nov 24                  4.25             39,351            158,159           555,663
          2015 GBP Medium Term Notes (b)                                               22 Mar 30                  3.50             56,713           226,539          1,602,172
          2015 EUR Medium Term Notes                                                   22 Mar 22                   1.38           35,077              67,183                   —
          2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (b)                                               22 Mar 27                  2.00            42,794              171,174         1,101,968
          2019 GBP Medium Term Notes                                                      18 Jul 31                3.13            28,519           134,564           995,090
          2019 JPY Medium Term Notes                                                    13 Jun 34                 1.03              5,668             22,471            189,188
           1,175,101
          		         3,141,082 8,084,671

          a) Bank facilities mature or expire on 19 December 2019 ($100 million limit), 18 May 2020 ($150 million limit), 19 December 2020 ($100 million limit), 16 May 2022
             ($50 million limit), 18 July 2022 ($150 million limit), 30 June 2023 ($500 million limit) and 31 December 2023 ($500 million limit).
          b) Facilities are denominated in or fully swapped by way of cross currency swap into US$. Cashflows represent the US$ cashflow translated at the USD/AUD spot
             rate as at 30 June 2019. These amounts are fully hedged by forward exchange contracts or future US$ revenues.
          c) Rates shown are the coupon rate in the currency of issuance.




           90 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        c) Liquidity risk (continued)




For personal use only
                        		            Average                                                                                               Less than		                          More than
                        		 interest rate                                                                                                        1 year 1 - 5 years                 5 years
                        2018 Maturity   % p.a.                                                                                                 $000         $000                    $000

                        Unsecured financial liabilities
                        Trade and other payables		                                                                                  —          381,676                    —                  —
                        Unsecured bank borrowings 		             (a)
                                                                                                                                3.07               6,114          204,419                    —
                        Denominated in A$
                        Other financial liabilities		                                                                               —             4,798             13,883              8,570
                        Denominated in US$
                        Other financial liabilities (b)		                                                                           —             7,903             29,578             29,367
                        Guaranteed Senior Notes            (c)


                        Denominated in A$
                        2007 Series E                                                                 15 May 19                 7.40             73,214                   —                  —
                        2007 Series G                                                                 15 May 22                  7.45            6,002             98,588                    —
                        2007 Series H                                                                 15 May 22                  7.45             4,617             75,837                   —
                        2010 AUD Medium Term Notes                                                     22 Jul 20                 7.75           23,250            334,875                    —
                        2016 AUD Medium Term Notes                                                   20 Oct 23                   3.75             7,500           30,000             203,750
                        Denominated in US$
                        2003 Series D                                                                  9 Sep 18                 6.02            99,360                    —                  —
                        2007 Series D                                                                 15 May 19                 5.99           162,324                    —                  —
                        2007 Series F                                                                 15 May 22                  6.14            11,354            187,787                   —
                        2009 Series B                                                                    1 Jul 19               8.86              11,761          104,797                    —
                        2012 US 144A                                                                   11 Oct 22                3.88             49,123           907,572                    —
                        2015 US 144A (b)                                                             23 Mar 25                  4.20            62,483            249,932           1,612,832
                        2015 US 144A (b)                                                             23 Mar 35                  5.00            20,287               81,147         649,400
                        2017 US 144A                                                                   15 Jul 27                4.25            58,523            235,087           1,371,999
                        Denominated in stated foreign currency
                        2012 CAD Medium Term Notes                                                     24 Jul 19                4.25             19,529            299,179                   —
                        2012 GBP Medium Term Notes                                                    26 Nov 24                 4.25             39,351            157,727           595,446
                        2015 GBP Medium Term Notes (b)                                               22 Mar 30                  3.50             53,726           215,008          1,574,423
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (b)                                                22 Mar 22                  1.38            36,341          1,103,923                   —
                        2015 EUR Medium Term Notes (b)                                                22 Mar 27                 2.00            40,615            162,458          1,086,471
                        			 1,179,851                                                                                                                           4,491,797           7,132,258

                        a) Bank facilities mature or expire on 2 July 2018 ($518.75 million limit), 18 May 2019 ($50 million limit), 19 December 2019 ($100 million limit), 18 May 2020 ($150
                           million limit), 19 December 2020 ($100 million limit) and 18 July 2022 ($150 million limit). A new $1,000 million syndicated bank facility came into effect on 2 July
                           2018. The two tranches of this facility mature on 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2023 respectively.
                        b) Facilities are denominated in or fully swapped by way of cross currency swap into US$. Cashflows represent the US$ cashflow translated at the USD/AUD spot
                           rate as at 30 June 2018. These amounts are fully hedged by forward exchange contracts or future US$ revenues.
                        c) Rates shown are the coupon rate in the currency of issuance.

                        Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty - fair value of financial instruments
                        APA Group has financial instruments that are carried at fair value in the statement of financial position. The best evidence
                        of fair value is quoted prices in an active market. If the market for a financial instrument is not active, APA Group determines
                        fair value by using various valuation models. The objective of using a valuation technique is to establish the price that would
                        be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability between market participants. The chosen valuation models make
                        maximum use of market inputs and rely as little as possible on entity specific inputs. The fair values of all positions include
                        assumptions made as to recoverability based on the counterparty’s and APA Group’s credit risk.




                                                                                                                                        APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 91
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           c) Liquidity risk (continued)
           Fair value measurements recognised in the statement of financial position




For personal use only
           The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair
           value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable.
           — Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
             or liabilities.
           — Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are
             observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
           — Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability
             that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
           Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy occur at the end of the reporting period. There have been no transfers
           between the levels during 2019 (2018: none). Transfers between level 1 and level 2 are triggered when there are changes to
           the availability of quoted prices in active markets. Transfers into level 3 are triggered when the observable inputs become no
           longer observable, or vice versa for transfer out of level 3.
           Fair value of the Group's financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
           The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at the end of each reporting period and determined
           as follows:
           — the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid
             markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices. These instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy
             at level 1;
           — the fair values of forward foreign exchange contracts included in hedging assets and liabilities are calculated using
             discounted cash flow analysis based on observable forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period and contract
             forward rates discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are
             classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair values of interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps, equity forwards and other derivative instruments included in
             hedging assets and liabilities are calculated using discounted cash flow analysis using observable yield curves at the end
             of the reporting period and contract rates discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties.
             These instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair values of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in
             accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable
             current markets discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are
             classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2;
           — the fair value of financial guarantee contracts is determined based upon the probability of default by the specified
             counterparty extrapolated from market-based credit information and the amount of loss, given the default. These
             instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2; and
           — the carrying value of financial assets and liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the financial statements approximate
             their fair value having regard to the specific terms of the agreements underlying those assets and liabilities.
           Contract for difference
           The financial statements include a contract for difference arising from an electricity sales agreement with a customer that
           guarantees the Group a fixed price for electricity offtake for the agreed term which is measured at fair value. The fair value
           of the contract for difference is derived from internal discounted cash flow valuation methodology, which includes some
           assumptions that are not able to be supported by observable market prices or rates.
           In determining the fair value, the following assumptions were used:
           — estimated long term forecast electricity pool prices are applied as market prices are not readily observable for the
             corresponding term;
           — forecast electricity volumes are estimated based on an internal forecast output model;
           — the discount rates are based on observable market rates for risk-free instruments of the appropriate term;
           — credit adjustments are applied to the discount rates to reflect the risk of default by either the Group or a specific
             counterparty. Where a counterparty specific credit curve is not observable, an estimated curve is applied which takes into
             consideration the credit rating of the counterparty and its industry; and
           — these instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 3.
           Changes in any of the aforementioned assumptions may be accompanied by changes in other assumptions which may have
           an offsetting impact.




           92 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        19. Financial risk management (continued)
                        Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                                             Level 1                 Level 2                 Level 3                   Total




For personal use only
                        2019                                                                                  $000                    $000                    $000                    $000

                        Financial assets measured at fair value
                        Equity forwards designated as fair value through profit or loss                            —                   2,245                        —                  2,245
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        —                527,857                         —               527,857
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        —                 10,209                         —                10,209
                        Contract for difference                                                                    —                        —                  2,144                   2,144
                                                                                                                   —                540,311                    2,144               542,455

                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        —               356,409                          —              356,409
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        —                 25,872                         —                25,872
                        Contract for difference                                                                    —                        —                    402                     402
                                                                                                                   —                382,281                      402               382,683

                        2018
                        Financial assets measured at fair value
                        Equity forwards designated as fair value through profit or loss                            —                  2,045                         —                  2,045
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        —                592,244                         —               592,244
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        —                  29,130                        —                 29,130
                                                                                                                   —                623,419                         —               623,419

                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value
                        Interest rate swaps used for hedging                                                       —                    800                         —                   800
                        Cross currency interest rate swaps used for hedging                                        —                215,641                         —                215,641
                        Forward foreign exchange contracts used for hedging                                        —                 13,486                         —                 13,486
                        Contract for difference                                                                    —                        —                  6,536                   6,536
                                                                                                                   —                229,927                    6,536                236,463

                        Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Opening balance                                                                                                                        6,536                        —
                        Revaluation                                                                                                                          (3,708)                   6,536
                        Settlement                                                                                                                           (4,570)                        —
                        Closing balance                                                                                                                       (1,742)                  6,536




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 93
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           19. Financial risk management (continued)
           Fair value measurements of financial instruments measured at amortised cost
           The financial liabilities included in the following table are fixed rate borrowings. Other debts held by APA Group are floating




For personal use only
           rate borrowings and amortised cost as recorded in the financial statements approximate their fair values.
                                                                                                         Carrying amount                                 Fair value (level 2) (a)

                                                                                                       2019                     2018                    2019                     2018
                                                                                                      $000                     $000                    $000                     $000

           Financial liabilities
           Unsecured long term Private Placement Notes                                              426,115                730,049                  460,583                   768,992
           Unsecured Australian Dollar Medium Term Notes                                         500,000                  500,000                   530,459                   528,646
           Unsecured Japanese Yen Medium Term Notes                                                 132,196                         —                134,944                          —
           Unsecured Canadian Dollar Medium Term Notes                                             326,675                  308,496                  327,014                   312,539
           Unsecured US Dollar 144A Medium Term Notes                                           4,275,027                 4,057,344               4,489,354                 3,992,019
           Unsecured British Pound Medium Term Notes                                            2,442,600                 1,694,492               2,602,390                 1,768,993
           Unsecured Euro Medium Term Notes                                                      2,187,895                2,129,801                2,255,715                2,108,339
                                                                                              10,290,508                  9,420,182             10,800,459                  9,479,528

           a) The fair values have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable
              current markets, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the various counterparties. These instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy at level 2.

           20. Other financial instruments

                                                                                                                 Assets                                          Liabilities

                                                                                                       2019                     2018                    2019                     2018
                                                                                                      $000                     $000                    $000                     $000

           Derivatives at fair value:
               Contract for difference                                                                      —                       —                     402                    6,094
               Equity forward contracts                                                                1,513                    1,236                        —                        —
           Derivatives at fair value designated as hedging instruments:
               Cross currency interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges                                 61,664                   24,903                 141,860                   120,551
               Foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges                                          4,577                    29,101                 10,520                   10,656
               Interest rate swaps – cash flow hedges                                                       —                       —                        —                   2,100
           Financial item carried at amortised cost:
               Redeemable preference share interest                                                      285                      285                        —                        —
           Current                                                                                  68,039                    55,525                 152,782                   139,401

           Derivatives – at fair value:
               Contract for difference                                                                 2,144                        —                        —                     442
               Equity forward contracts                                                                  732                     809                         —                        —
               Indexed revenue contracts                                                                    —                       —                   3,459                     3,767
           Derivatives at fair value designated as hedging instruments:
               Cross currency interest rate swaps - cash flow hedges                               483,253                  580,249                  245,892                   121,471
               Foreign exchange contracts - cash flow hedges                                          5,632                         29                 15,352                    2,830
           Financial items carried at amortised cost:
               Redeemable preference shares                                                         10,400                   10,400                          —                        —
           Non-current                                                                              502,161                 591,487                 264,703                   128,510

           Redeemable preference shares relate to APA Group's 20% interest in GDI (EII) Pty Ltd. In December 2011, APA sold 80% of its
           gas distribution network in South East Queensland (Allgas) into an unlisted investment entity, GDI (EII) Pty Ltd. At that date
           GDI issued 52 million Redeemable Preference Shares (RPS) to its owners. The shares attract periodic interest payments and
           have a redemption date 10 years from issue.




           94 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        20. Other financial instruments (continued)
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Classification of financial assets




For personal use only
                        Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
                        — The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual
                          cash flows; and
                        — The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                          and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                        Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
                        income (FVTOCI):
                        — The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows
                          and selling the financial assets; and
                        — The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                          and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                        By default, all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
                        recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
                        Derivatives that APA Group does not elect to apply hedge accounting to or do not meet the hedge accounting criteria, are
                        classified as 'financial assets/liabilities' for accounting purposes and accounted for at FVTPL. Further information about the
                        classification and measurement of financial instruments is provided in Note 30 under AASB 9 'Financial Instruments'.
                        Fair value measurement
                        For information about the methods and assumptions used in determining the fair value of financial instruments refer to Note 19.
                        Hedge accounting
                        APA Group designates certain hedging instruments, which include derivatives, embedded derivatives and non-derivatives in
                        respect of foreign currency risk, as either fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. There are no fair value hedges in the current
                        or prior year, hedges of foreign exchange and interest rate risk are accounted for as cash flow hedges.
                        At the inception of the hedge relationship, APA Group formally designates and documents the relationship between the
                        hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various
                        hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, APA Group expects the hedging
                        instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk,
                        which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness requirements:
                        — there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                        — the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and
                        — the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that APA
                          Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that APA Group actually uses to hedge that quantity
                          of hedged item.
                        If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk
                        management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, APA Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the
                        hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.
                        Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivatives contract is entered into and subsequently remeasured
                        to fair value at each reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative
                        is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on
                        the nature of the hedge relationship. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a financial asset, a derivative with
                        a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability.
                        The fair value of hedging derivatives is classified as either current or non-current based on the timing of the underlying
                        discounted cash flows of the instrument. Cash flows due within 12 months of the reporting date are classified as current and
                        cash flows due after 12 months of the reporting date are classified as non-current.




                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 95
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           20. Other financial instruments (continued)
           Recognition and measurement (continued)
           Cash flow hedges




For personal use only
           The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives and other qualifying hedging instruments that are designated
           and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the cash flow hedge
           reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating
           to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the 'finance costs' line item.
           Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss
           in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line as the recognised hedged item. However, when
           the hedged forecast transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and
           losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and included
           in the initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This transfer does not affect other
           comprehensive income. Furthermore, if APA Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging
           reserve will not be recovered in the future, that amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
           APA Group discontinues hedge accounting only when the hedging relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying
           criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
           exercised. The discontinuation is accounted for prospectively. Any gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in cash flow hedge reserve at that time remains in equity and is reclassified to profit or loss when the forecast
           transaction occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in cash flow
           hedge reserve is reclassified immediately to profit or loss.
           Accounting for the forward element of forward contracts and foreign currency basis spreads of financial instruments
           APA Group designates the full change in the fair value of a forward contract (i.e. including the forward elements) as the
           hedging instrument for all of its hedging relationships involving forward contracts.
           APA Group separates the foreign currency basis spread from a financial instrument and excludes it from the designation of
           that financial instrument as the hedging instrument. Changes in the value of the undesignated aligned foreign currency basis
           spread associated with cross currency interest rate swaps are deferred in other comprehensive income.
           Cash flow hedge and cost of hedging reserve
           The cash flow hedge reserve represents the cumulative amount of gains and losses on hedging instruments deemed effective
           in cash flow hedges. The cumulative deferred gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised in profit or loss only when
           the hedged transaction impacts the profit or loss, or is included directly in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the
           hedged non-financial items.
           The cost of hedging reserve represents the effect of the changes in fair value of the forward currency basis spread of a
           financial instrument when the foreign currency basis spread of a financial instrument is excluded from the designation of that
           financial instrument as the hedging instrument (consistent with APA Group's accounting policy to recognise non-designated
           component of foreign currency derivative in equity). The changes in fair value of the foreign currency basis spread of a financial
           instrument, in relation to a time-period related hedged item accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve, are amortised to
           profit or loss on a rational basis over the term of the hedging relationship.
                                                                                                                     2019               2018
                                                                                                                    $000               $000

           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                              (339,834)               (216,442)
           Gain/(loss) recognised taken to equity:
           Gain/(loss) arising on changes in fair value of hedging instruments                                                                 (464,643)              (202,054)
           Changes in fair value of foreign currency basis spread during the year                                                                  15,719                (76,753)
           Share of hedge reserve of associate                                                                                                    (8,540)                  8,632
           Income tax related to changes in fair value                                                                                           137,239                  81,053
           Transferred to profit or loss:
           (Gain)/ loss reclassified to profit or loss - hedged item has affected profit or loss                                                  52,945                  66,495
           (Gain)/ loss arising on changes in fair value of foreign currency basis spread                                                         21,402                  27,405
           Income tax related to amounts reclassified to profit or loss                                                                         (22,304)                 (28,170)
           Balance at end of financial year                                                                                                   (608,016)                (339,834)

           The foreign currency basis spread balance at the beginning of the financial year is ($93.3 million) and at the end of the
           financial year is ($51.2 million) in 2019 (2018: ($43.9 million) and ($93.3 million) respectively).




           96 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        20. Other financial instruments (continued)
                        Recognition and measurement (continued)
                        Hedge ineffectiveness




For personal use only
                        Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness
                        assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument.
                        In hedges of foreign currency capital equipment purchases, ineffectiveness may arise if the timing of the forecast transaction
                        changes from what was originally estimated, or if there are changes in the credit risk of APA Group or the derivative
                        counterparty.
                        Hedge ineffectiveness for cross currency interest rate swaps is assessed using the same principles as for hedges of foreign
                        currency capital equipment purchases. It may occur due to the credit value/debit value adjustment on the swap contracts
                        which is not matched by the debts.
                        Impairment of financial assets
                        In relation to the impairment of financial assets, it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before credit
                        losses are recognised. APA Group applies an ECL model to account for ECL and changes in those ECL at each reporting date
                        to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of a financial asset.
                        APA Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on investments in debt instruments that are measured at amortised cost, for
                        example, loans advanced to related parties and trade receivables. No impairment loss is recognised for investments in equity
                        instruments. For trade receivables, finance lease receivables and contract assets, APA Group applies the simplified approach
                        to assessing ECL. Under the simplified approach, ECL on these financial assets is estimated using a provision matrix. This
                        matrix is based on APA Group’s historical credit losses and reasonable and supportable information that is available without
                        undue cost.
                        The amount of ECL under either approach is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
                        recognition of the respective financial instrument.
                        APA Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment
                        to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account. Aside from the additional disclosure requirements in Note 19, the
                        history of collection rates and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort shows that APA
                        Group does not have an expected loss on collection of debtors or loans.
                        Significant increase in credit risk
                        An actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating.
                        Definition of default
                        When there is a breach of financial covenants by the debtor.
                        Write-off policy
                        APA Group writes off a financial asset when all reasonable attempts at recovery have been taken and failed e.g. debts that
                        are considered irrecoverable, or where the cost of recovery is uneconomic, must be written off as a bad debt.
                        21. Issued capital
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Units
                        1,179,893,848 securities, fully paid (2018: 1,179,893,848 securities, fully paid) (a)                                            3,103,806                3,288,123

                                                                                                                  2019		2018
                                                                                                                 No. of		     No. of
                                                                                                                  units  2019  units                                                   2018
                                                                                                                  000   $000   000                                                    $000

                        Movements
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                1,179,894          3,288,123                 1,114,307               3,114,617
                        Securities issued under entitlement offer                                                    —                      —                65,587                380,782
                        Capital distributions paid (Note 8)                                                          —             (184,181)                        —              (201,385)
                        Issue costs of securities                                                                    —                  (194)                       —                 (8,415)
                        Tax relating to security issue costs                                                         —                    58                        —                  2,524
                        Balance at end of financial year                                                      1,179,894          3,103,806                1,179,894               3,288,123

                        a) Fully paid securities carry one vote per security and carry the right to distributions.

                        Changes to the then Corporations Law abolished the authorised capital and par value concept in relation to issued capital
                        from 1 July 1998. Therefore, the Trust does not have a limited amount of authorised capital and issued securities do not have
                        a par value.

                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 97
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Group Structure

           22. Non-controlling interests
           APT is deemed the parent entity of APA Group comprising of the stapled structure of APT and APTIT. Equity attributable to
           other trusts stapled to the parent is a form of non-controlling interest and represents 100% of the equity of APTIT.




For personal use only
           Summarised financial information for APTIT is set out below, the amounts disclosed are before inter-company eliminations.
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Financial position
           Current assets                                                                                                                             813                     774
           Non-current assets                                                                                                                   993,487               1,063,708
           Total assets                                                                                                                        994,300                1,064,482
           Current liabilities                                                                                                                         25                      78
           Total liabilities                                                                                                                           25                      78
           Net assets                                                                                                                           994,275              1,064,404
           Equity attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                     994,275              1,064,404

           Financial performance
           Revenue                                                                                                                               65,082                   68,061
           Expenses                                                                                                                                    (12)                    (12)
           Profit for the year                                                                                                                   65,070                  68,049
           Total comprehensive income allocated to non-controlling interests for the year                                                        65,070                  68,049

           Cash flows
           Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                             65,790                  68,852
           Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                                                                   69,409                  (54,725)
           Distributions paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                      (135,136)               (135,616)
           Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                                (135,199)                 (14,127)

           The accounting policies of APTIT are the same as those applied to APA Group.
           There are no material guarantees, contingent liabilities or restrictions imposed on APA Group from APTIT's non-controlling interests.
           APT Investment Trust                                                                                                                 994,275              1,064,404
           Other non-controlling interest                                                                                                               —                      53
                                                                                                                                                994,275               1,064,457

           APT Investment Trust
           Issued capital:
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                             1,030,176                 976,284
           Issue of securities under entitlement offer                                                                                                  —                124,234
           Issue costs of units                                                                                                                       (63)                (2,745)
           Distribution – capital return (Note 8)                                                                                               (65,894)                 (67,597)
                                                                                                                                                964,219               1,030,176

           Reserves:
                                                                                                                                                        —                       —

           Retained earnings:
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                34,228                   34,198
           Net profit attributable to APTIT unitholders                                                                                          65,070                  68,049
           Distributions paid (Note 8)                                                                                                           (69,242)                (68,019)
                                                                                                                                                 30,056                   34,228




           98 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Group Structure

                        22. Non-controlling interests (continued)
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000




For personal use only
                        Other non-controlling interest
                        Issued capital:
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                      4                        4
                        Distribution – capital return                                                                                                              (4)                      —
                                                                                                                                                                    —                        4

                        Reserves:
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                       1                       1
                        Transfer to retained earnings                                                                                                               (1)                     —
                                                                                                                                                                    —                        1

                        Retained earnings:
                        Balance at beginning of financial year                                                                                                     48                      48
                        Net profit attributable to other non-controlling interest                                                                                   —                       —
                        Transfer from reserves                                                                                                                       1                      —
                        Distribution paid                                                                                                                         (49)                      —
                                                                                                                                                                    —                      48

                        23. Joint arrangements and associates
                        The table below lists APA Group's interest in joint ventures and associates that are reported as part of the Energy Investments
                        segment. APA Group provides asset management, operation and maintenance services and corporate services, in varying
                        combinations to the majority of energy infrastructure assets housed within these entities.
                                                                                                                                                                Ownership interest %
                        Name of entity                                    Principal activity                       Country of incorporation                     2019                    2018

                        Joint ventures:
                        SEA Gas                                           Gas transmission                         Australia                                  50.00                   50.00
                        SEA Gas (Mortlake)                                Gas transmission                         Australia                                  50.00                   50.00
                        Energy Infrastructure Investments                 Energy infrastructure                    Australia                                   19.90                   19.90
                        EII 2                                             Power generation (wind)                  Australia                                  20.20                   20.20

                        Associates:
                        GDI (EII)                                         Gas distribution                         Australia                                  20.00                   20.00

                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Investment in joint ventures and associates using the equity method                                                                263,829                  271,597

                        Joint Ventures
                        Aggregate carrying amount of investment                                                                                             239,243                 242,768
                        APA Group's aggregated share of:
                          Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                  18,630                   17,105
                          Other comprehensive income                                                                                                         (4,405)                   9,039
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                            14,225                  26,144

                        Associates
                        Aggregate carrying amount of investment                                                                                              24,586                  28,829
                        APA Group's aggregated share of:
                          Profit from continuing operations                                                                                                    4,592                   4,819
                          Other comprehensive income                                                                                                          (4,135)                   (407)
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                               457                   4,412


                                                                                                                                      APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 99
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Group Structure

           23. Joint arrangements and associates (continued)
           Investment in associates
           An associate is an entity over which APA Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor a joint arrangement.




For personal use only
           Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity accounting method.
           Under the equity accounting method the investment is recorded initially at cost to APA Group, including any goodwill on
           acquisition. In subsequent periods the carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to reflect APA Group’s share of the
           retained post-acquisition profit or loss and other comprehensive income, less any impairment.
           Losses of an associate or joint venture in excess of APA Group’s interests (which includes any long-term interests, that in
           substance, form part of the net investment) are recognised only to the extent that there is a legal or constructive obligation
           or APA Group has made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.
           Contingent liabilities and capital commitments
           APA Group's share of the contingent liabilities, capital commitments and other expenditure commitments of joint operations
           is disclosed in Note 25.
           APA Group is a venturer in the following joint operations:
                                                                                                                                                         Output interest
           		                                                                                                                                       2019                    2018
           Name of venture Principal activity                                                                                                         %                       %

           Goldfields Gas Transmission (a)                     Gas pipeline operation - Western Australia                                            88.2                    88.2
           Mid West Pipeline (b)                               Gas pipeline operation - Western Australia                                           50.0                    50.0

           a) On 17 August 2004, APA acquired a direct interest in the Goldfields Gas Transmission joint operations as part of the SCP Gas Business acquisition.
           b) Pursuant to the joint venture agreement, APA Group receives a 70.8% share of operating income and expenses.

           Interest in joint arrangements
           A joint arrangement is an arrangement whereby two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is the contractually
           agreed sharing of control such that decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement (those that significantly affect
           the returns) require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. APA Group has two types of joint arrangements:
           Joint ventures: A joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the net assets of the
           arrangement. Joint Ventures are accounted for using the equity accounting method; and
           Joint operations: A joint arrangement in which the parties that share joint control have rights to the assets, and obligations
           for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. In relation to its interest in a joint operation, APA Group recognises its share of
           assets and liabilities, revenue from the sale of its share of the output and its share of any revenue generated from the sale
           of the output by the joint operation and its share of expenses. These are incorporated into APA Group’s financial statements
           under the appropriate headings.
           24. Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by APT. Control exists where APT has power over the entities, i.e. existing rights that give
           it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the entities (those that significantly affect the returns); exposure, or
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entities; and the ability to use its power to affect those returns.

                                                                                                                   Country of                          Ownership interest
                                                                                                                 registration/                      2019                    2018
           Name of entity                                                                                       incorporation                         %                       %

           Parent entity
           Australian Pipeline Trust (a)
           Subsidiaries
           Agex Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                                     Australia                      100                     100
           Amadeus Gas Trust (e)                                                                                             —                         —                      96
           APA (BWF Holdco) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                           Australia                      100                     100
           APA (EDWF Holdco) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                          Australia                      100                     100
           APA (EPX) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                              Australia                      100                     100
           APA (NBH) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                              Australia                      100                     100
           APA (Pilbara Pipeline) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                     Australia                      100                     100
           APA (SWQP) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           APA (WA) One Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                           Australia                      100                     100
           APA AIS 1 Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                              Australia                      100                     100
           APA AIS 2 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                                  Australia                      100                     100
           APA AIS Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                                Australia                      100                     100
           APA AM (Allgas) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                        Australia                      100                     100

           100 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Group Structure

                        24. Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                               Country of                          Ownership interest
                                                                                                                             registration/                      2019                    2018




For personal use only
                        Name of entity                                                                                      incorporation                         %                       %

                        APA BIDCO Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                           Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Biobond Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                         Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Country Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                               Australia                        100                     100
                        APA DPS Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APA DPS2 Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                            Australia                        100                     100
                        APA East Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                        100                     100
                        APA EE Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APA EE Corporate Shared Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APA EE Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                     Australia                        100                     100
                        APA EE Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                              Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Ethane Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                          Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Facilities Management Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                           Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Midstream Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                              Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Operations (EII) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Operations Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                      Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Orbost Gas Plant Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Pipelines Investments (BWP) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                     Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Power Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Power PF Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                        Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Reedy Creek Wallumbilla Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                         Australia                        100                     100
                        APA SEA Gas (Mortlake) Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                         Australia                        100                     100
                        APA SEA Gas (Mortlake) Pty Ltd (b)                                                                      Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Services (Int) Inc.                                                                            United States                         100                     100
                        APA Sub Trust No 1 (b),(d)                                                                                     —                         100                     100
                        APA Sub Trust No 2 (b),(d)                                                                                     —                         100                     100
                        APA Sub Trust No 3 (b),(d)                                                                                     —                         100                     100
                        APA Transmission Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS A Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                           Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS Australia (Holdings) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                        Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS Australia (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS Australia (Operations) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                      Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                        100                     100
                        APA VTS B Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                           Australia                        100                     100
                        APA Western Slopes Pipeline Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                         Australia                        100                     100
                        APA WGP Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                                 Australia                        100                     100
                        APT (MIT) Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                        100                     100
                        APT AM (Stratus) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APT AM Employment Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                        100                     100
                        APT AM Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                     Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Facility Management Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Goldfields Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                          Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Management Services Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia                        100                     100
                        APT O&M Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                        Australia                        100                     100
                        APT O&M Services (QLD) Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                        100                     100
                        APT O&M Services Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                        Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Parmelia Holdings Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Parmelia Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                            Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Parmelia Trust (b),(d)                                                                                     —                         100                     100
                        APT Petroleum Pipelines Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                    Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Petroleum Pipelines Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Pipelines (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                 Australia                        100                     100
                        APT Pipelines (NT) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                        100                     100




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 101
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Group Structure

           24. Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                                                                                   Country of                          Ownership interest
                                                                                                                 registration/                      2019                    2018




For personal use only
           Name of entity                                                                                       incorporation                         %                       %

           APT Pipelines (QLD) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                      100                     100
           APT Pipelines (SA) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                     Australia                      100                     100
           APT Pipelines (WA) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                     Australia                      100                     100
           APT Pipelines Investments (NSW) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                        Australia                      100                     100
           APT Pipelines Investments (WA) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                         Australia                      100                     100
           APT Pipelines Limited (b),(c)                                                                              Australia                      100                     100
           APT SEA Gas Holdings Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                      100                     100
           APT SPV2 Pty Ltd (b)                                                                                       Australia                      100                     100
           APT SPV3 Pty Ltd (b)                                                                                       Australia                      100                     100
           Australian Pipeline Limited (b)                                                                            Australia                      100                     100
           Central Ranges Pipeline Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                      100                     100
           Darling Downs Solar Farm Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                      100                     100
           Diamantina Holding Company Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           Diamantina Power Station Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                               Australia                      100                     100
           East Australian Pipeline Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                               Australia                      100                     100
           EDWF Holdings 1 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                            Australia                      100                     100
           EDWF Holdings 2 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                            Australia                      100                     100
           EDWF Manager Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                               Australia                      100                     100
           Epic Energy East Pipelines Trust (b),(d)                                                                          —                       100                     100
           EPX Holdco Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           EPX Member Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           EPX Trust (b),(d)                                                                                                 —                       100                     100
           Ethane Pipeline Income Financing Trust (b),(d)                                                                    —                       100                     100
           Ethane Pipeline Income Trust (b),(d)                                                                              —                       100                     100
           Gasinvest Australia Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                        Australia                      100                     100
           GasNet A Trust (d)                                                                                                —                       100                     100
           GasNet Australia Investments Trust (d)                                                                            —                       100                     100
           GasNet Australia Trust (b),(d)                                                                                    —                       100                     100
           Goldfields Gas Transmission Pty Ltd (b)                                                                    Australia                      100                     100
           Gorodok Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                                  Australia                      100                     100
           Griffin Windfarm 2 Pty Ltd (b)                                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           Moomba to Sydney Ethane Pipeline Trust (b),(d)                                                                    —                       100                     100
           N.T. Gas Distribution Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                  Australia                      100                     100
           N.T. Gas Easements Pty. Limited (b),(c)                                                                    Australia                      100                     100
           N.T. Gas Pty Limited                                                                                       Australia                       96                      96
           Roverton Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                                 Australia                      100                     100
           SCP Investments (No. 1) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                Australia                      100                     100
           SCP Investments (No. 2) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                Australia                      100                     100
           SCP Investments (No. 3) Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                                Australia                      100                     100
           Sopic Pty. Ltd. (b),(c)                                                                                    Australia                      100                     100
           Southern Cross Pipelines (NPL) Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                               Australia                      100                     100
           Southern Cross Pipelines Australia Pty Limited (b),(c)                                                     Australia                      100                     100
           Trans Australia Pipeline Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                   Australia                      100                     100
           Votraint No. 1606 Pty Limited (b)                                                                          Australia                      100                     100
           Votraint No. 1613 Pty Limited (b)                                                                          Australia                      100                     100
           Western Australian Gas Transmission Company 1 Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                              Australia                      100                     100
           Wind Portfolio Pty Ltd (b),(c)                                                                             Australia                      100                     100
           a) Australian Pipeline Trust is the head entity within the APA tax-consolidated group.
           b) These entities are members of the APA tax-consolidated group.
           c) These wholly-owned subsidiaries have entered into a deed of cross guarantee with APT Pipelines Limited pursuant to ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/785
              and are relieved from the requirement to prepare and lodge an audited financial report.
           d) These trusts are unincorporated and not required to be registered.
           e) Amadeus Gas Trust terminated on 28 June 2019.




           102 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        25. Commitments and contingencies
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000




For personal use only
                        Capital expenditure commitments
                        APA Group - plant and equipment                                                                                                     172,774                 287,506
                        APA Group's share of jointly controlled operations - plant and equipment                                                               8,596                   2,293
                                                                                                                                                            181,370                 289,799

                        Contingent liabilities
                        Bank guarantees                                                                                                                      52,233                  52,586

                        APA Group had no contingent assets as at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018.
                        26. Director and Executive Key Management Personnel remuneration
                        Remuneration of Directors
                        The aggregate remuneration of Directors of APA Group is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                                   $                       $

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                    1,664,631               1,625,875
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            158,168                 154,482
                        Total remuneration: Non-Executive Directors                                                                                      1,822,799                1,780,357

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                   3,629,920               3,638,690
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            25,000                  25,000
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                              1,515,047               1,479,646
                        Total remuneration: Executive Director (a)                                                                                        5,169,967               5,143,336
                        Total remuneration: Directors                                                                                                    6,992,766                6,923,693

                        Remuneration of Executive Key Management Personnel (a)
                        The aggregate remuneration of Executive Key Management Personnel of APA Group is set out below:
                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                     7,763,114              7,748,591
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            101,666                  95,049
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                            2,864,008                 2,822,148
                        Total remuneration: Executive Key Management Personnel                                                                         10,728,788               10,665,788

                        a) The remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Michael (Mick) McCormack, is included in both the remuneration disclosure for Directors
                           and Executive Key Management Personnel.

                        27. Remuneration of external auditor
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                                   $                       $

                        Amounts received or due and receivable by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for:
                        Auditing the financial report                                                                                                      694,900                 734,800
                        Compliance plan audit                                                                                                                19,700                  19,300
                        Other assurance services (a)                                                                                                      506,700                   544,915
                        Other non-audit, non-assurance services (b)                                                                                                 —                  9,091
                                                                                                                                                         1,221,300                1,308,106

                        a) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other assurance services mainly comprise assurance services in relation to
                           the AER financial reporting guideline for Non-Scheme pipelines, security related transactions (debt raisings and FY2018 included equity raising) and procedures
                           in relation to ASIC Regulatory Guide 231 requirements.
                        b) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other non-audit, non-assurance services comprise the facilitation of an
                           industry charter workshop.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 103
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Other

           28. Related party transactions
           a) Equity interest in related parties
           Details of the percentage of ordinary securities held in subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 24 and the details of the percentage




For personal use only
           held in joint operations, joint ventures and associates are disclosed in Note 23.
           b) Responsible Entity – Australian Pipeline Limited
           The Responsible Entity is wholly owned by APT Pipelines Limited.
           c) Transactions with related parties within APA Group
           Transactions between the entities that comprise APA Group during the financial year consisted of:
           — dividends;
           — asset lease rentals;
           — loans advanced and payments received on long-term inter-entity loans;
           — management fees;
           — operational services provided between entities;
           — payments of distributions; and
           — equity issues.
           The above transactions were made on normal commercial terms and conditions. The Group charges interest on inter-entity
           loans from time to time.
           All transactions between the entities that comprise APA Group have been eliminated on consolidation.
           Refer to Note 24 for details of the entities that comprise APA Group.
           Australian Pipeline Limited
           Management fees of $4,696,351 (2018: $4,717,014) were paid to the Responsible Entity as reimbursement of costs incurred
           on behalf of APA Group. No amounts were paid directly by APA Group to the Directors of the Responsible Entity, except as
           disclosed at Note 26.
           Australian Pipeline Limited, in its capacity as trustee and Responsible Entity of the Trust, has guaranteed the payment of
           principal, interest and other amounts as provided in the senior debt facilities of APT Pipelines Limited, the principal borrowing
           entity of APA Group.
           d) Transactions with other associates and joint ventures
           The following transactions occurred with APA Group's associates and joint ventures on normal market terms and conditions:
                                                                                        Dividends		Purchases                                        Amount             Amount
                                                                                             from Sales to    from                                  owed by            owed to
                                                                                          related  related related                                   related            related
                                                                                          parties  parties parties                                   parties            parties
           2019                                                                             $000    $000    $000                                      $000               $000

           SEA Gas                                                                             9,551             7,809                    —          122,626                    —
           Energy Infrastructure Investments                                                  4,466              39,198                   —             7,627                   —
           EII 2                                                                               3,732             1,020                    —               335                   —
           GDI (EII)                                                                           4,701            53,654                    —            10,123                   —
                                                                                            22,450            101,680                     —          140,710                    —

           2018

           SEA Gas                                                                             5,975              3,853                   —                311                  —
           Energy Infrastructure Investments                                                   3,841             46,671                   —            15,486                   —
           EII 2                                                                               3,253                764                   —                 47                  —
           GDI (EII)                                                                           5,772            62,053                    —              7,417                  —
                                                                                             18,841             113,341                   —            23,261                   —

           At year end, APA Group had a loan receivable from SEA Gas of $122.3 million (2018: $0.3 million).




           104 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        29. Parent entity information
                        The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial information below, are the
                        same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                2019            2018
                                                                                                                               $000            $000

                        Financial position
                        Assets
                        Current assets                                                                                                                   2,533,019                2,695,971
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                                 707,803                   731,861
                        Total assets                                                                                                                     3,240,822                3,427,832

                        Liabilities
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                                 130,337                  132,313
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                   130,337                  132,313
                        Net assets                                                                                                                        3,110,485               3,295,519

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                                                                   3,103,806                3,288,123
                        Retained earnings                                                                                                                      6,679                   7,396
                        Total equity                                                                                                                      3,110,485               3,295,519

                        Financial performance
                        Profit for the year                                                                                                                 216,818                 147,408
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                          216,818                 147,408

                        Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                        Australian Pipeline Limited, in its capacity as Trustee and Responsible Entity of the Trust, has guaranteed the payment of
                        principal, interest and other amounts as provided in the senior debt facilities of APT Pipelines Limited, the principal borrowing
                        entity of APA Group.
                        Due to the contingent nature of these financial guarantees no liability has been recorded (2018: $nil).
                        Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
                        No contingent liabilities have been identified in relation to the parent entity.
                        30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                        Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported in the current period (and/or prior periods)
                        Adoption of AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’
                        In the current year, APA Group has applied AASB 9 'Financial Instruments' (as revised) and the related consequential
                        amendments to other Accounting Standards for the first time. AASB 9 'Financial Instruments' (AASB 9) introduces new
                        requirements for 1) the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, 2) general hedge accounting
                        and 3) impairment for financial assets. Details of these new requirements as well as their impact on APA Group’s consolidated
                        financial statements are described below. APA Group has applied AASB 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set
                        out in AASB 9.
                        Classification and measurement of financial assets
                        The date of initial application (i.e. the date on which APA Group has assessed its existing financial assets and financial liabilities
                        in terms of the requirements of AASB 9) is 1 July 2018. Accordingly, APA Group has applied the requirements of AASB 9 to
                        instruments that have not been derecognised as at 1 July 2018.
                        All recognised financial assets that are within the scope of AASB 9 are required to be measured subsequently at amortised
                        cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                        characteristics of the financial assets. Specifically:
                        — Debt investments that are held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows, and that
                          have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, are
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost;
                        — Debt investments that are held within a business model whose objective is both to collect the contractual cash flows and
                          to sell the debt instruments, and that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
                          the principal amount outstanding, are subsequently measured at FVTOCI;
                        — All other debt investments and equity investments are subsequently measured at FVTPL.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 105
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Other

           30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
           Adoption of AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ (continued)
           In the current year, APA Group has not designated any debt investments that meet the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria as




For personal use only
           measured at FVTPL.
           Debt instruments that are subsequently measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI are subject to impairment.
           APA Group reviewed and assessed its existing financial assets as at 1 July 2018 based on the facts and circumstances that
           existed at that date and concluded that the initial application of AASB 9 has had the following impact on APA Group’s
           financial assets as regards their classification and measurement:
           — Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity and loans and receivables under AASB 139 that were measured at
             amortised cost continue to be measured at amortised cost under AASB 9 as they are held within a business model to
             collect contractual cash flows and these cash flows consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the principal
             amount outstanding;
           — Financial assets that were measured at FVTPL under AASB 139 continue to be measured as such under AASB 9.
           None of the classifications of financial assets have had any impact on APA Group’s financial position, profit or loss, other
           comprehensive income or total comprehensive income for either period.
           Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
           One change introduced by AASB 9 in the classification and measurement of financial liabilities relates to the accounting for
           changes in the fair value of a financial liability designated as FVTPL attributable to changes in the credit risk of the issuer.
           Specifically, AASB 9 requires that the changes in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the
           credit risk of that liability be presented in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in
           the liability's credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
           Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability's credit risk are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, but are
           transferred to retained earnings when the financial liability is derecognised. Previously, under AASB 139, the entire amount of
           the change in the fair value of the financial liability designated as FVTPL was presented in profit or loss.
           This change in accounting policy has had no impact on the classification and measurement of APA Group’s financial liabilities.
           General hedge accounting
           The new general hedge accounting requirements retain the three types of hedge accounting: cash flow hedges, fair value
           hedges and net investment hedges. However, greater flexibility has been introduced to the types of transactions eligible for
           hedge accounting, specifically broadening the types of instruments that qualify for hedging instruments and the types of
           risk components of non-financial items that are eligible for hedge accounting. In addition, the effectiveness test has been
           replaced with the principle of an ‘economic relationship’. Retrospective assessment of hedge effectiveness is also no longer
           required. Enhanced disclosure requirements about APA Group’s risk management activities have also been introduced.
           In accordance with AASB 9’s transition provisions for hedge accounting, APA Group has applied the AASB 9 hedge accounting
           requirements prospectively from the date of initial application on 1 July 2018. APA Group’s qualifying hedging relationships
           in place as at 1 July 2018 also qualified for hedge accounting in accordance with AASB 9 and were therefore regarded as
           continuing hedging relationships. No rebalancing of any of the hedging relationships was necessary on 1 July 2018. As the
           critical terms of the hedging instruments match those of their corresponding hedged items, all hedging relationships continue
           to be effective under AASB 9’s effectiveness assessment requirements. APA Group has also not designated any hedging
           relationships under AASB 9 that would not have met the qualifying hedge accounting criteria under AASB 139.
           AASB 9 requires hedging gains and losses to be recognised as an adjustment to the initial carrying amount of non-financial
           hedged items (basis adjustment). In addition, transfers from the hedging reserve to the initial carrying amount of the hedged
           item are not reclassification adjustments under AASB 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and hence they do not affect
           other comprehensive income. Hedging gains and losses subject to basis adjustments are categorised as amounts that will
           not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss in other comprehensive income. This is consistent with APA Group's practice
           prior to the adoption of AASB 9.
           Consistent with prior periods, APA Group has continued to designate the change in fair value of the entire forward contract,
           i.e. including the forward element, as the hedging instrument in APA Group’s cash flow hedge relationships.
           Since the AASB 9 hedge accounting requirements apply prospectively from the date of initial application (i.e. 1 July 2018), the
           comparative figures have not been restated.
           The application of the AASB 9 hedge accounting requirements has had no impact on the results and financial position of APA
           Group for the current and/or prior periods.




           106 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
                        Adoption of AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ (continued)
                        The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities under AASB 9 and




For personal use only
                        AASB 139 at the date of initial application, 1 July 2018.
                        		                                                                                                                     New measurement category
                        Category Original category under AASB 139                                                                              under AASB 9

                        Cash and cash equivalents and cash on deposit               Loans and receivables                                      Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Trade and other receivables                                 Loans and receivables                                      Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Equity forward contracts                                    Financial assets/liabilities at FVTPL                      Financial assets/liabilities at FVTPL
                        Foreign currency contracts, interest rate                   Derivatives designated as hedging                          Derivatives designated as hedging
                        swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps                instruments at fair value                                  instruments at fair value
                        Loans advanced to related parties                           Held-to-maturity investments investments Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Redeemable preference shares (GDI)                          Held-to-maturity investments investments Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Trade and other payables                                    Financial liabilities at amortised cost                    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                        Borrowings                                                  Financial liabilities at amortised cost                    Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                        Impairment of financial assets
                        In relation to the impairment of financial assets, it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before credit
                        losses are recognised. AASB 9 requires an expected credit loss model as opposed to an incurred credit loss model under AASB
                        139. The expected credit loss model requires APA Group to account for expected credit losses and changes in those expected
                        credit losses at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial assets.
                        Specifically, AASB 9 requires APA Group to recognise a loss allowance for ECL on loans and receivables. Aside from loans and
                        receivables, APA Group does not currently hold any debt instruments or guarantee contracts as covered by the scope of the
                        impairment section.
                        In particular, AASB 9 requires APA Group to measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
                        lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, or if the financial
                        instrument is a purchased or originated credit-impaired financial asset. In the event the credit risk on a financial instrument
                        has not increased significantly since initial recognition (except for a purchased or originated credit-impaired financial asset),
                        APA Group is required to measure the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12 months ECL.
                        AASB 9 also requires a simplified approach for measuring the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL for trade
                        receivables, contract assets and lease receivables in certain circumstances. APA Group applies the simplified approach to
                        assessing ECL for trade receivables, finance lease receivables and contract assets.
                        As at 1 July 2018, APA Group reviewed and assessed its existing financial assets and amounts due from customers for
                        impairment. APA Group used reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort in
                        accordance with the requirements of AASB 9 to determine the credit risk of the respective items at the date they were
                        initially recognised. It compared that to the credit risk as at 1 July 2017 and 1 July 2018. Based upon this assessment, aside
                        from the additional disclosure requirements, this change has not had a material impact to APA Group’s accounts. The history
                        of collection rates and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort shows that APA Group does
                        not have an expected loss on collection of debtors or loans.
                        Details of the applicable accounting policies are set out in Note 20.
                        Adoption of AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’
                        APA Group has adopted AASB 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' (AASB 15) from 1 July 2018. AASB 15 replaced
                        AASB 118 'Revenue' and AASB 111 'Construction Contracts' and related interpretations.
                        AASB 15 applies to all revenues arising from contracts with customers unless the contracts are within the scope of other
                        standards. The standard establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether revenue is recognised and if so,
                        the timing and amount of revenue recognition based on the core principle being that an entity should recognise revenue at
                        an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for fulfilling its performance obligations to
                        a customer.
                        The Group’s accounting policies for its revenue streams are disclosed in detail in Note 4. Apart from providing more extensive
                        disclosures of the Group’s revenue transactions, the application of AASB 15 has no significant impact on the financial position
                        and financial performance of APA Group.
                        APA Group adopted AASB 15 on a modified retrospective basis, therefore the new standard has been applied only to contracts
                        that remain in force at 1 July 2018. As permitted by the standard comparative results are not restated. The cumulative effect
                        on initial application was a charge of $2.2 million to opening retained earnings, an increase in unearned revenue of $3.1 million
                        and an increase in deferred tax assets of $0.9 million at 1 July 2018. This adjustment is a result of AASB 15’s requirement to
                        separately recognise interest expense from revenue from contracts with customers where the period between the payment
                        by the customer and the fulfilment of the obligation gives rise to a significant financing component.


                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 107
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Other

           30. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
           Adoption of AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’ (continued)
           APA Group may receive cash from customers as a contribution to constructing or connecting the customer to the network as part




For personal use only
           of ongoing access to gas transportation services. A significant financing component has been identified in some such contracts,
           as a result of the length of time between when the customer pays for the service and when APA Group fulfils the performance
           obligation. The effects of financing have been presented as interest expense separately from revenue from contracts with
           customers, with the accumulative adjustment at 1 July 2018 recognised in retained earnings as outlined previously.
           Discussions on the updated accounting policies can be found in Note 4.
           Standards and Interpretations issued not yet adopted
           At the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Standards and Interpretations listed below were on issue but
           not yet effective.
                                                                                         Effective for annual            Expected to be
                                                                                           reporting periods     initially applied in the
           Standard/Interpretation                                                      beginning on or after     financial year ending

           AASB 16 'Leases'                                                                                                  1 January 2019                     30 June 2020

           AASB 16 'Leases'
           APA Group has chosen not to early adopt AASB 16 'Leases' in preparing these consolidated financial statements.
           AASB 16 'Leases' (AASB 16) is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. AASB 16 replaces AASB 117 'Leases'
           and related interpretations. Early adoption is permitted for entities that apply AASB 15 at or before the date of initial application of
           AASB 16. APA Group will apply AASB 16 in the financial year beginning 1 July 2019 (financial year ended 30 June 2020).
           Under AASB 16, APA Group’s accounting for leases as a lessee will result in the recognition of a right-of-use (ROU) asset as
           a new category within property, plant and equipment and an associated lease liability in the Consolidated Statement of
           Financial Position. The lease liability represents the present value of future lease payments, with the exception of short-term
           and low value leases. An interest expense will be recognised on the lease liabilities and a depreciation charge will be recognised
           for the ROU assets. There will also be additional disclosure requirements under the new standard. APA Group’s accounting for
           leases as a lessor remains unchanged under AASB 16.
           Previously under AASB 117 'Leases', operating leases were off-balance sheet, APA Group recognised operating lease expense
           on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, and recognised assets and liabilities only to the extent that there was a
           timing difference between actual lease payments and the expense recognised.
           APA Group has materially completed the assessment of the impact of the adoption of AASB 16 on the consolidated financial
           statements as at 1 July 2019. This assessment covered a variety of scenarios based on the various transition options and
           practical expedients applied. APA Group plans to adopt the modified retrospective approach on transition with no restatement
           of the comparative information. Under this approach, the lease liability is measured at present value of future lease payments
           on the initial date of application, being 1 July 2019. For leases other than motor vehicles, the lease asset is measured as if
           AASB 16 has been applied from the commencement of the lease with any difference between the lease asset and the liability
           recognised as an adjustment to opening retained earnings. For motor vehicle leases the lease asset equals the lease liability
           with nil impact on opening retained earnings.
           AASB 16 provides for a number of practical expedients for transition. In accordance with these expedients APA Group has
           elected to: exempt leases with a remaining term of less than 12 months from 1 July 2019; apply discount rates to a portfolio
           of assets with similar characteristics; use hindsight to determine the lease term; and continue to apply the existing definition
           of a lease under current accounting standards ('grandfather').
           On transition, APA Group expects to recognise ROU assets of approximately $63 million and approximately $76 million lease
           related liability. The net effect of the recognised lease liabilities and ROU asset, adjusted for deferred tax and for deferred
           lease liabilities existent on transition will be reflected in opening retained earnings.
           APA Group does not expect the adoption of AASB 16 to materially affect its financial results or to impact its ability to comply
           with any of its loan covenants.
           The actual impacts of adopting the standard may change as the new accounting policies are subject to change until APA
           Group presents its first financial statements that include the date of initial application.
           31. Events occurring after reporting date
           On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution of 25.50 cents per security ($300.9 million) for APA Group.
           This is comprised of a distribution of 18.97 cents per unit from APT and a distribution of 6.53 cents per unit from APTIT. The
           APT distribution represents a 8.53 cents per unit fully franked profit distribution and 10.44 cents per unit capital distribution.
           The APTIT distribution represents a 2.55 cent per unit profit distribution and a 3.98 cents per unit capital distribution.
           Franking credits of 3.66 cents per security will be allocated to the franked profit distribution. The distribution will be paid on
           11 September 2019.
           Other than the events disclosed above, there have not been any events or transactions that have occurred subsequent to year
           end that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.




           108 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        declaration by the directors of australian pipeline limited.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        The Directors declare that:
                        a) in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that Australian Pipeline Trust will be able to pay its debts
                           as and when they become due and payable;
                        b) in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations
                           Act 2001, including compliance with Accounting Standards and giving a true and fair view of the financial position and




For personal use only
                           performance of APA Group;
                        c) in the Directors' opinion, the financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial
                           Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and
                        d) the Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by
                           section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to section 295(5) of the
                        Corporations Act 2001.
                        On behalf of the Directors




                        Michael Fraser                                                        Debra Goodin
                        Chairman                                                              Director
                        Sydney, 21 August 2019




                                                                                                                                    APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 109
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           auditor’s independence declaration.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE LIMITED AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY FOR AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




                                                                                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                               ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                               Grosvenor Place




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               225 George Street
                                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                               PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                               DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                               Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                               Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                               www.deloitte.com.au

                             21 August 2019



                             The Directors
                             Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                             Australian Pipeline Trust
                             Level 25, 580 George Street
                             Sydney NSW 2000




                             Dear Directors



                             Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for Australian
                             Pipeline Trust

                             In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following
                             declaration of independence to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                             Australian Pipeline Trust.

                             As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of Australian Pipeline Trust for the
                             financial year ended 30 June 2019, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
                             been no contraventions of:

                                        (i)   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to
                                              the audit; and

                                        (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                             DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                             A V Griffiths
                             Partner
                             Chartered Accountants
                             Sydney, 21 August 2019




                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                             Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network.

                                                                                         145




           110 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        independent auditor’s report.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




                                                                                                                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                                           ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                                           Grosvenor Place




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                           225 George Street
                                                                                                                                           Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                                           PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                                           Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                                           DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                                           Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                                           Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                                           www.deloitte.com.au




                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                      to the Unitholders of Australian Pipeline Trust
                                        Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                                        Opinion

                                        We have audited the financial report of Australian Pipeline Trust (the “Trust”) and its controlled entities (the
                                        “Group”), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019, the
                                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
                                        changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
                                        financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors’ declaration.

                                        In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act
                                        2001, including:

                                        (i)    giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its financial
                                               performance for the year then ended; and

                                        (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                        Basis for Opinion

                                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section
                                        of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements
                                        of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical
                                        Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our
                                        audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                                        with the Code.

                                        We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given
                                        to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (the “Responsible Entity”), would be in the same terms if given
                                        to the directors as at the time of this auditor’s report.

                                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                                        opinion.




                                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network

                                                                                                       146




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 111
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           independent auditor’s report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                             Key Audit Matters

                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                             audit of the financial report for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
                             of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
                             opinion on these matters.



                               Key Audit Matter                                           How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                          Matter
                               Derivative transactions and balances including             Our procedures performed in conjunction with our
                               the application of hedge accounting                        Treasury specialists included, but were not limited to:

                               As at 30 June 2019, the Group has variable and                       Understanding management’s controls over the
                               fixed rate borrowings totalling $10.3 billion                         recording of derivative transactions and the
                               extending through to 2035. These borrowings                           application of hedge accounting,
                               are denominated in Australian, US and                                On a sample basis, testing the accuracy and
                               Canadian dollars as well as British Pounds and                        completeness of derivative transactions and
                               Euros as disclosed in Note 18.                                        balances by agreeing to third-party confirmations,
                                                                                                    Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation
                               As a result, the Group is exposed to interest                         methodologies applied and testing on sample
                               rate and foreign exchange rate movements                              basis the valuation of the derivative financial
                               and enters into the following types of                                instruments,
                               derivative financial instruments to manage                           Testing on a sample basis the application of hedge
                               those exposures:                                                      accounting (including hedge effectiveness and
                                       Interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk                     measurement of ineffectiveness), and evaluating
                                        of increasing interest rates, and                            on a sample basis, in particular for WGP, that the
                                       Cross currency interest rate swaps to                        derivative financial instruments qualified for
                                        manage the currency risk associated                          hedge accounting in accordance with the AASB 9
                                        with foreign currency denominated                            Financial Instruments.
                                        borrowings.
                                                                                                We also assessed the appropriateness of the
                               In addition, as disclosed in Note 19, revenue for                disclosures in Notes 18 and 19 to the financial
                               the Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline (WGP) is                      statements.
                               denominated in US dollars. In order to manage
                               the currency risk the Group designates US
                               dollar borrowings (which acts as a natural
                               hedge of the forecast US dollar denominated
                               revenue) against a portion of the US dollar
                               revenue stream. The Group also uses forward
                               exchange contracts to hedge that portion of
                               the exchange rate risk not covered by the US
                               dollar borrowings. The Group applies hedge
                               accounting in respect of these complex
                               arrangements.




                                                                                            147




           112 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        independent auditor’s report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                                         Key Audit Matter                                             How the scope of our audit responded to the Key Audit
                                                                                                      Matter
                                         Goodwill Impairment                                          Our procedures included, but were not limited to:

                                         As at 30 June 2019 the Group’s balance sheet                          Understanding the appropriateness of
                                         includes goodwill of $1.2 billion allocated                            management’s controls over the evaluation of the
                                         across several cash generating units (CGUs) as                         carrying value of the Group’s goodwill to
                                         disclosed in Note 12.                                                  determine any asset impairments,
                                                                                                               Challenging in conjunction with our corporate
                                         The assessment of the recoverable amount of                            finance specialists the Group’s assumptions and
                                         the Group’s goodwill balance requires the                              estimates used to determine the recoverable
                                         exercise of significant judgement in respect of                        amount of a sample of CGUs, including those
                                         factors such as future contract renewals,                              relating to:
                                         contracting of spare capacity, forecast                                     o forecast revenue by reference to:
                                         operating and maintenance costs, discount                                                expected future contract
                                         rates, as well as economic assumptions such as                                            renewals
                                         inflation.                                                                               expected contracting of spare
                                                                                                                                   capacity
                                                                                                                     o operating and maintenance expenses
                                                                                                                          with reference to actual costs incurred in
                                                                                                                          the current period and approved budgets
                                                                                                                          for forecast periods
                                                                                                                     o discount rates with reference to:
                                                                                                                                  external data
                                                                                                                                  Deloitte developed discount
                                                                                                                                   rates.
                                                                                                               Assessing historical accuracy of management’s
                                                                                                                budgeting and forecasting of the Group,
                                                                                                               Testing on a sample basis, the mathematical
                                                                                                                accuracy of the cash flow models and agreeing
                                                                                                                relevant data to approved budgets and latest
                                                                                                                forecasts,
                                                                                                               Evaluating management’s sensitivity analysis in
                                                                                                                relation to key assumptions, with particular focus
                                                                                                                on the discount rate and assumptions relating to
                                                                                                                contract renewals and contracting of spare
                                                                                                                capacity.

                                                                                                           We also assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                                                           disclosures in Note 12 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                       148




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 113
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           independent auditor’s report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                             Other Information

                             The directors of the Responsible Entity (“the Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other
                             information comprises the information included in the Group’s annual report for the year ended 30 June 2019,
                             but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                             Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                             assurance conclusion thereon.

                             In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                             doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
                             knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we
                             have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
                             to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                             Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                             The directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in
                             accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control
                             as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
                             fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                             In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                             continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                             concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
                             or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                             Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                             Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                             material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                             opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                             accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                             Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                             they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                             financial report.

                             As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
                             and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud
                                        or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
                                        that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
                                        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
                                        involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
                                        control.

                                       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                        that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                        effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                                       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                        estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                            149




           114 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        independent auditor’s report. continued.
                        AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                                                  Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                                   based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                                   conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                                                   conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report
                                                   to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
                                                   opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
                                                   report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
                                                   concern.

                                                  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                                   disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                                                   manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                                  Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                                                   business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible
                                                   for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for
                                                   our audit opinion.


                                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
                                        audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
                                        during our audit.

                                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                                        regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                                        reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                                        From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
                                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
                                        We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
                                        the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
                                        communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
                                        to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report

                                        We have audited the Remuneration Report of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity of Australian
                                        Pipeline Trust included in pages 45 to 58 of the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2019.

                                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Australian Pipeline Limited for the year ended 30 June 2019, has
                                        been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 .




                                                                                                       150




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 115
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           independent auditor’s report. continued.
           AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE TRUST




For personal use only
                             Responsibilities

                             The directors have voluntarily presented the Remuneration Report of the Responsible Entity of Australian
                             Pipeline Trust which has been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                             responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                             accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                             DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                             A V Griffiths
                             Partner
                             Chartered Accountants
                             Sydney, 21 August 2019




                                                                                            151




           116 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        APT Investment Trust and its Controlled Entities (ARSN 115 585 441)
                        Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2019
                        The Directors of Australian Pipeline Limited (“Responsible Entity”) submit their report and the annual financial report of APT
                        Investment Trust (“APTIT”) and its controlled entities (together “Consolidated Entity”) for the financial year ended 30 June
                        2019. This report refers to the consolidated results of APTIT, one of the two stapled entities of APA Group, with the other




For personal use only
                        stapled entity being Australian Pipeline Trust (together “APA”).
                        1. Directors
                        The names of the Directors of the Responsible Entity during the year and since the year end are:
                                                                          First appointed

                        Current Directors:
                        Michael Fraser                                    1 September 2015
                                                                          Chairman: 27 October 2017
                        Robert (Rob) Wheals                               Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director: 6 July 2019
                        Steven (Steve) Crane                              1 January 2011
                        James Fazzino                                     21 February 2019
                        Debra (Debbie) Goodin                             1 September 2015
                        Shirley In’t Veld                                 19 March 2018
                        Peter Wasow                                       19 March 2018

                        Former Directors:
                        Russell Higgins AO                                7 December 2004 (Retired as a Director 20 February 2019)
                        Patricia McKenzie                                 1 January 2011 (Retired as a Director 8 March 2019)
                        Michael (Mick) McCormack                          Chief Executive Officer: 1 July 2005 and
                                                                          Managing Director: 1 July 2006 (Retired as CEO and Managing Director 5 July 2019)

                        The Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity during the year and since the year end is Nevenka Codevelle.
                        2. Principal Activities
                        The Consolidated Entity operates as an investment and financing entity within the APA Group.
                        3. State of Affairs
                        Rob Wheals commenced as APA’s new Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director with effect from 6 July 2019 following
                        Mick McCormack’s retirement on 5 July 2019.
                        4. Subsequent Events
                        On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution of 6.53 cents per unit ($77.1 million). The distribution represents
                        a 2.55 cents per unit profit distribution and 3.98 cents per unit capital distribution. The distribution is expected to be paid on
                        11 September 2019.
                        Other than what is noted above and as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there has not arisen in the interval between the end
                        of the full year ended 30 June 2019 and the date of this report any matter or circumstance that has significantly affected,
                        or may significantly affect, the Group’s operations, the results of those operations, or the Group’s state of affairs, in future
                        financial years.
                        5. Review and Results of Operations
                        The Consolidated Entity reported net profit after tax of $65.1 million (FY2018: $68.0 million) for the year ended 30 June 2019
                        and total revenue of $65.1 million (FY2018: $68.1 million).




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 117
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           6. Distributions
           Distributions paid to Securityholders during the financial year were:
                                                                                                       Final FY2018                                    Interim FY2019
                                                                                                     distribution paid                                distribution paid
                                                                                                    12 September 2018                                   3 March 2019




For personal use only
           		Total		Total
            Cents per distribution Cents per distribution
             security       $000    security       $000

           APTIT profit distribution                                                                 2.90                 34,228                     2.97                 35,014
           APTIT capital distribution                                                                 3.14                37,022                     2.45                 28,872
           Total                                                                                    6.04                  71,250                     5.42                63,886

           On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution for APTIT for the financial year of 6.53 cents per security which
           is payable on 11 September 2019 and will comprise the following components:
                                                                                                                         Final FY2019
                                                                                                                     distribution payable
                                                                                                                      11 September 2019

           		Total
             Cents per distribution
              security       $000

           APTIT profit distribution                                                                                                                 2.55                30,056
           APTIT capital distribution                                                                                                                3.98                47,002
           Total                                                                                                                                     6.53                77,058

           Distribution information is presented on an accounting classification basis. The APA Group Annual Tax Statement (to be
           released in September 2019) and Annual Tax Return Guide will provide the classification of distribution components for the
           purposes of preparation of Securityholder income tax returns.
           To assist APA Securityholders who wish to submit their annual tax return prior to receiving their annual APA Tax Statement
           in mid September, APA has developed an online tax estimator tool. The Estimator tool will generate Pro Forma Tax Return
           Inputs based on information entered by Securityholders and therefore should be considered “indicative only” compared to
           the confirmed accurate information contained in APA’s Annual Tax Statement. The Tax Estimator will be available under the
           Investor section on APA’s website following confirmation by the Board via an ASX release of the final FY2019 distribution
           (https://www.apa.com.au/investors/my-securities/apa-annual-tax-statement-estimator/).
           7. Directors
           7.1 Information on Directors and Company Secretary
           See pages 06 to 07 for information relating to qualifications and experience of the Directors and the Company Secretary.
           7.2 Directorships of other listed companies
           Directorships of other listed companies held by Directors at any time in the three years immediately before the end of the
           financial year are as follows:
           Name                             Company                                  Period of directorship

           Michael Fraser                             Aurizon Holdings Limited                                 Since February 2016
           Robert Wheals                              —                                                        —
           Steven Crane                               nib holdings limited                                     Since September 2010, Chair since October 2011
                                                      SCA Property Group
                                                                                                               Since December 2018
           James Fazzino                              Incitec Pivot Limited                                    July 2005 to November 2017
           Debra Goodin                               Senex Energy Limited                                     Since May 2014
                                                      oOh!media Limited                                        Since November 2014
                                                      Atlas Arteria Limited                                    Since September 2017
                                                      Ten Network Holdings Limited                             August 2016 to November 2017
           Shirley In't Veld                          Northern Star Resources Limited                          Since September 2016
                                                      Asciano Limited                                          November 2010 to August 2016
                                                      DUET Group                                               August 2013 to May 2017
           Peter Wasow                                Oz Minerals Limited                                      Since November 2017
                                                      Alcoa Australia Limited                                  January 2014 to July 2017
                                                      Alumina Limited                                          September 2011 to May 2017




           118 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        directors’ report. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




                        7.3 Directors’ meetings
                        During the financial year, 17 Board meetings, four Audit and Risk Management Committee meetings, four People and
                        Remuneration Committee meetings, four Health Safety and Environment Committee meetings and three Nomination
                        Committee meetings were held. The following table sets out the number of meetings attended by each Director while they
                        were a Director or a committee member:




For personal use only
                                                                         People &         Audit & Risk     Health Safety
                                                                       Remuneration      Management        & Environment       Nomination
                                                        Board           Committee         Committee          Committee         Committee
                        Directors                                A             B            A             B             A            B             A            B             A             B

                        Michael Fraser                          17            17                                        4             4            —            —             3             3
                        Michael McCormack                (1)
                                                                14            14            —             —            —             —             —            —             —            —
                        Steven Crane                            17            17             4            3             4             4            —            —              1            1
                        James Fazzino                             6            6            —             —             1             1            2             2            —            —
                        Debra Goodin                            17            17            —             —             4             4            4             4            3             3
                        Shirley Int’d Veld                      17            17             4            4            —             —             4             4            —            —
                        Peter Wasow                             17            17             4            4             4             4            —            —             —            —
                        Russell Higgins     (2)
                                                                 11           11            —             —             3             3            2             2            2             2
                        Patricia McKenzie (3)                    11           10             2            2            —             —             2             1            —            —

                        A) Number of meetings held during the time the Director held office or was a member of the committee during the financial year.
                        B) Number of meetings attended.

                        1) Michael McCormack retired as a Director on 5 July 2019.
                        2) Russell Higgins AO retired as a Director on 20 February 2019.
                        3) Patricia McKenzie retired as a Director on 8 March 2019.

                        7.4 Directors’ securityholdings
                        The aggregate number of APA securities held directly, indirectly or beneficially by Directors or their Director related entities at
                        30 June 2019 is 683,693 (2018: 800,118 (1)).
                        The following table sets out Directors’ relevant interests in APA securities as at 30 June 2019:
                                                                                                          Fully paid			                         Fully paid
                                                                                                    securities as at Securities Securities securities as at
                        Directors                                                                       1 July 2018   acquired   disposed    30 June 2019

                        Michael Fraser                                                                         102,942                         —                       —               102,942
                        Michael McCormack                                                                     350,000                          —                       —             350,000
                        Steven Crane                                                                          130,000                          —                       —              130,000
                        Debra Goodin                                                                           23,000                          —                       —               23,000
                        James Fazzino        (2)
                                                                                                                      —                   31,751                       —                  31,751
                        Shirley Int’d Veld                                                                     25,000                          —                       —               25,000
                        Peter Wasow                                                                            15,000                     6,000                        —                21,000
                        Russell Higgins AO         (3)
                                                                                                               129,939                         —                       —                        —
                        Patricia McKenzie (4)                                                                   24,237                         —                       —                        —
                                                                                                              800,118                     37,751                       —               683,693

                        1) At 1 July 2018, the aggregate number of APA securities held directly or beneficially by Directors or their related entities included 129,939 securities held by Russell
                           Higgins AO who retired on 20 February 2019 and 24,237 securities held by Patricia McKenzie who retired on 8 March 2019. The aggregate number of APA
                           Securities held directly or beneficially by the current Directors or their related entities as at 30 June 2019 is 683,693.
                        2) James Fazzino was appointed as a Director effective 21 February 2019. He held nil securities on appointment.
                        3) Russell Higgins AO retired as a Director on 20 February 2019. He held 129,939 securities on retirement.
                        4) Patricia McKenzie retired as a Director on 8 March 2019. She held 24,237 securities on retirement.

                        The Directors hold no other rights or options over APA securities. There are no contracts to which a Director is a party or under
                        which the Director is entitled to a benefit and that confer a right to call for or deliver APA securities.
                        8. Options Granted
                        In this report, the term “APA securities” refers to stapled securities each comprising a unit in Australian Pipeline Trust stapled
                        to a unit in APT Investment Trust and traded on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) under the code “APA”.
                        No options over unissued APA securities were granted during or since the end of the financial year, no unissued APA securities
                        were under option as at the date of this report, and no APA securities were issued during or since the end of the financial year
                        as a result of the exercise of an option over unissued APA securities.



                                                                                                                                          APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 119
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           directors’ report. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES




           9. Indemnification of Officers
           During the financial year, the Responsible Entity paid a premium in respect of a contract insuring the Directors and Officers
           of the Responsible Entity and any APA Group entity against any liability incurred in performing those roles to the extent
           permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of insurance prohibits specific disclosure of the nature of the liability
           and the amount of the premium.




For personal use only
           Australian Pipeline Limited, in its own capacity and as Responsible Entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment
           Trust, indemnifies each Director and Company Secretary, and certain other executives, former executives and officers of the
           Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity under a range of deed polls and indemnity agreements which have been in place
           since 1 July 2000. The indemnity operates to the full extent allowed by law but only to the extent not covered by insurance,
           and is on terms the Board considers usual for arrangements of this type.
           Under its constitution, Australian Pipeline Limited (in its personal capacity) indemnifies each person who is or has been a
           Director, Company Secretary or executive officer of that company.
           The Responsible Entity has not otherwise, during or since the end of the financial year, indemnified or agreed to indemnify an officer
           or external auditor of the Responsible Entity or any APA Group entity against a liability incurred by such an officer or auditor.
           10. Information Required for Registered Schemes
           Fees paid to the Responsible Entity and its associates (including Directors and Secretaries of the Responsible Entity, related
           bodies corporate and Directors and Secretaries of related bodies corporate) out of APA scheme property during the financial
           year are disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements.
           Except as disclosed in this report, neither the Responsible Entity nor any of its associates holds any APTIT units.
           The number of APTIT units issued during the financial year, and the number of APTIT units on issue at the end of the financial
           year, are disclosed in Note 13 to the financial statements.
           The value of the Consolidated Entity’s assets as at the end of the financial year is disclosed in the balance sheet in total
           assets, and the basis of valuation is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
           11. Auditor’s Independence Declaration
           A copy of the independence declaration of the auditor, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“Auditor”) as required under section 307C
           of the Corporations Act 2001 is included at page 139.
           12. Rounding of Amounts
           The Consolidated Entity is an entity of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 and, in accordance
           with that Class Order, amounts in the Directors’ report and the financial report are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars,
           unless otherwise indicated.
           13. Authorisation
           The Directors’ Report is signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to
           section 298(2) of the Corporations Act 2001.
           On behalf of the Directors




           Michael Fraser                                                         Debra Goodin
           Chairman                                                               Director
           Sydney, 21 August 2019




           120 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        		     2019  2018
                         Note $000  $000

                        Revenue                                                                                                             4                65,082                  68,061
                        Expenses                                                                                                            4                     (12)                    (12)




For personal use only
                        Profit before tax		
                                          65,070 68,049
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                  5                       —                       —
                        Profit for the year		
                                            65,070 68,049

                        Other comprehensive income
                        Total comprehensive income for the year		
                                                                65,070 68,049

                        Profit Attributable to:
                        Unitholders of the parent                                                                                                           65,070                   68,049
                         65,070
                        		      68,049

                        Total comprehensive income attributable to:
                        Unitholders of the parent		                                                                                                         65,070                   68,049


                                          2019
                        Earnings per unit		    2018

                        Basic and diluted (cents per unit)                                                                                  6                     5.5                     6.0

                        The above consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
                        accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 121
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           consolidated statement of financial position.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           AS AT 30 JUNE 2019




           		     2019  2018
            Note $000  $000

           Current assets
           Receivables                                                                                                           8                    813                     774




For personal use only
           Non-current assets
           Receivables                                                                                                           8                 6,925                    7,737
           Other financial assets                                                                                               11              986,562               1,055,971
           Non-current assets		
                              993,487 1,063,708
           Total assets		
                        994,300 1,064,482

           Current liabilities
           Trade and other payables                                                                                              9                     25                      78
           Total liabilities		
                             25 78
           Net assets		
                      994,275 1,064,404

           Equity
           Issued capital                                                                                                       13              964,219               1,030,176
           Retained earnings		                                                                                                                   30,056                   34,228
           Total equity		
                        994,275 1,064,404

           The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




           122 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        consolidated statement of changes in equity.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                        		 Issued                                                                                                                         Retained
                        		 capital                                                                                                                        earnings                     Total
                          Note $000                                                                                                                          $000                     $000

                        Balance at 1 July 2017		                                                                                    976,284                   34,198             1,010,482




For personal use only
                        Profit for the year		                                                                                               —                68,049                  68,049
                        Total comprehensive income for the year		                                                                           —                68,049                  68,049
                        Issue of units under entitlement offer                                                     13               124,234                         —               124,234
                        Issue cost of units                                                                        13                 (2,745)                       —                 (2,745)
                        Distributions to unitholders                                                                7                (67,597)               (68,019)                (135,616)
                        Balance at 30 June 2018		                                                                                 1,030,176                  34,228              1,064,404

                        Balance at 1 July 2018		                                                                                  1,030,176                  34,228              1,064,404
                        Profit for the year		                                                                                               —               65,070                   65,070
                        Total comprehensive income for the year		                                                                           —               65,070                   65,070
                        Issue cost of units                                                                        13                     (63)                      —                     (63)
                        Distributions to unitholders                                                                7               (65,894)                (69,242)                (135,136)
                        Balance at 30 June 2019		
                                                964,219 30,056 994,275

                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 123
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           consolidated statement of cash flows.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Cash flows from operating activities
           Trust distribution – related party                                                                                                    26,833                   27,979




For personal use only
           Interest received – related parties                                                                                                    37,523                  39,349
           Proceeds from repayment of finance leases                                                                                                1,167                   1,167
           Receipts from customers                                                                                                                    333                     369
           Payments to suppliers                                                                                                                      (66)                     (12)
           Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                                             65,790                  68,852

           Cash flows from investing activities
           Receipts from/(advances to) related parties                                                                                           69,409                  (54,725)
           Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                                                                   69,409                  (54,725)

           Cash flows from financing activities
           Proceeds from issue of units                                                                                                                 —                124,234
           Payment of unit issue costs                                                                                                                (63)                (2,745)
           Distributions to unitholders                                                                                                         (135,136)               (135,616)
           Net cash used in financing activities                                                                                                (135,199)                 (14,127)

           Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    —                       —
           Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                                                                     —                       —
           Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                                                                                           —                       —

           The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
           Cash flows are included in the statement of cash flows on a gross basis. The GST component of cash flows arising from
           investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is classified within operating
           cash flows.




           124 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Basis of Preparation

                        1. About this report
                        In the following financial statements, note disclosures are grouped into six sections being: Basis of Preparation; Financial
                        Performance; Operating Assets and Liabilities; Capital Management; Group Structure; and Other. Each note sets out the




For personal use only
                        accounting policies applied in producing the results along with any key judgements and estimates used.


                         Basis of Preparation                                                                 Capital Management

                        1.   About this report                                                    125      11. Other financial instruments                                             130
                        2.   General information                                                  126      12. Financial risk management                                                131
                                                                                                            13. Issued capital                                                           132
                         Financial Performance

                        3.   Segment information                                                  126        Group Structure

                        4.   Profit from operations                                               127      14. Subsidiaries                                                             132
                        5.   Income tax                                                           127
                        6.   Earnings per unit                                                    127        Other

                        7.   Distributions                                                        128      15. Commitments and contingencies                                            133
                                                                                                            16. Director and Executive Key Management
                                                                                                                Personnel remuneration                                                   133
                         Operating Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                            17. Remuneration of external auditor                                         133
                        8.   Receivables                                                          128
                                                                                                            18. Related party transactions                                               134
                        9.   Payables129
                                                                                                            19. Parent entity information                                                135
                        10. Leases                                                                129
                                                                                                            20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards 135
                                                                                                            21. Events occurring after reporting date                                    137




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 125
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Basis of Preparation

           2. General information
           APT Investment Trust ("APTIT" or "Trust") is one of the two stapled trusts of APA Group, the other stapled trust being
           Australian Pipeline Trust ("APT"). Each of APT and APTIT are registered managed investment schemes regulated by the




For personal use only
           Corporations Act 2001. APTIT units are "stapled" to APT units on a one-to-one basis so that one APTIT unit and one APT unit
           form a single stapled security which trades on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code "APA".
           This financial report represents the consolidated financial statements of APTIT and its controlled entities (together the
           "Consolidated Entity"). For the purposes of preparing the consolidated financial report, the Consolidated Entity is a for-
           profit entity.
           All intragroup transactions and balances have been eliminated on consolidation. Where necessary, adjustments are made to
           the assets, liabilities, and results of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates to bring their accounting policies into line
           with those used by the Consolidated Entity.
           APTIT's registered office and principal place of business is as follows:
           Level 25
           580 George Street
           SYDNEY NSW 2000
           Tel: (02) 9693 0000
           APTIT operates as an investment entity within APA Group.
           The financial report for the year ended 30 June 2019 was authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors
           on 21 August 2019.
           This general purpose financial report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001,
           Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board
           (AASB), and also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting
           Standards Board.
           The financial report has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for the revaluation of financial instruments.
           The financial report is presented in Australian dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($000) in
           accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191, unless otherwise stated.

             Financial Performance

           3. Segment information
           The Consolidated Entity has one reportable segment being energy infrastructure investment.
           The Consolidated Entity is an investing entity within the Australian Pipeline Trust stapled group. As the Trust only operates in
           one segment, it has not disclosed segment information separately.




           126 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Financial Performance

                        4. Profit from operations
                        Profit before income tax includes the following items of income and expense:
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Revenue
                        Distributions
                        Trust distribution – related party                                                                                                   26,833                   27,979
                                                                                                                                                             26,833                   27,979

                        Finance income
                        Interest – related parties                                                                                                           37,523                  39,350
                        Finance lease income – related party                                                                                                     393                     430
                                                                                                                                                              37,916                 39,780

                        Other revenue
                        Other                                                                                                                                    333                     302
                        Total revenue                                                                                                                        65,082                  68,061

                        Expenses
                        Audit fees                                                                                                                                (12)                    (12)
                        Total expenses                                                                                                                            (12)                    (12)

                        Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Consolidated Entity expects to be entitled.
                        Amounts disclosed as revenue are net of duties and taxes paid. Revenue is recognised for the major business activities as follows:
                        — Interest revenue, which is recognised as it accrues and is determined using the effective interest method;
                        — Distribution revenue, which is recognised when the right to receive a distribution has been established;
                        — Finance lease income, which is recognised when receivable.
                        5. Income tax
                        Income tax expense is not brought to account in respect of APTIT as, pursuant to Australian taxation laws, APTIT is not liable
                        for income tax provided that its realised taxable income (including any assessable realised capital gains) is fully distributed to
                        its unitholders each year.
                        6.   Earnings per unit
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                               cents                   cents

                        Basic and diluted earnings per unit                                                                                                       5.5                     6.0

                        The earnings and weighted average number of units used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Net profit attributable to unitholders for calculating basic and diluted
                        earnings per unit                                                                                                                   65,070                   68,049


                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              No. of                  No. of
                                                                                                                                                               units                   units
                                                                                                                                                               000                     000

                        Adjusted weighted average number of ordinary units used in the
                        calculation of basic and diluted earnings per unit                                                                                1,179,894               1,136,875




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 127
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Financial Performance

           7.     Distributions
                                                                                                  2019                     2019                   2018                     2018
                                                                                              cents per                    Total              cents per                    Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                   unit                   $000                     unit                   $000

           Recognised amounts
           Final FY2018 distribution paid on 12 September 2018
           (2018: Final FY2017 distribution paid on 13 September 2017)
           Profit distribution (a)                                                                   2.90                34,228                      3.07                 34,198
           Capital distribution                                                                      3.14                 37,022                     3.69                  41,107
                                                                                                    6.04                  71,250                     6.76                75,305

           Interim FY2019 distribution paid on 13 March 2019
           (2018: Interim FY2018 distribution paid on 14 March 2018)
           Profit distribution (a)                                                                   2.97                 35,014                     3.03                 33,821
           Capital distribution                                                                      2.45                28,872                      2.38                26,490
                                                                                                     5.42                63,886                      5.41                 60,311

           Total distributions recognised
           Profit distributions (a)                                                                  5.87                 69,242                     6.10                 68,019
           Capital distributions (Note 13)                                                           5.59                65,894                      6.07                 67,597
                                                                                                    11.46                135,136                    12.17                135,616

           Unrecognised amounts
           Final FY2019 distribution payable on 11 September 2019 (b)
           (2018: Final FY2018 distribution paid on 12 September 2018)
           Profit distribution (a)                                                                   2.55                30,056                      2.90                 34,228
           Capital distribution                                                                      3.98                47,002                       3.14                37,022
                                                                                                     6.53                77,058                      6.04                 71,250

           a) Profit distributions unfranked (2018: unfranked).
           b) Record date 28 June 2019.

           The final distribution in respect of the financial year has not been recognised in this financial report because the final
           distribution was not declared, determined or publicly confirmed prior to the end of the financial year.

             Operating Assets and Liabilities

           8.     Receivables
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000

           Finance lease receivable – related party (Note 10)                                                                                         813                     774
           Current                                                                                                                                    813                     774

           Finance lease receivable – related party (Note 10)                                                                                      6,925                    7,737
           Non-current                                                                                                                             6,925                    7,737

           In determining the recoverability of a receivable, the Consolidated Entity considers any change in the credit quality of the
           receivable from the date the credit was initially granted up to the reporting date. The directors believe that there is no credit
           provision required.
           None of the above receivables is past due.




           128 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Operating Assets and Liabilities

                        9.   Payables
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000




For personal use only
                        Other payables		                                                                                                                           25                      78

                        Trade and other payables are recognised when the Consolidated Entity becomes obliged to make future payments resulting
                        from the purchase of goods and services. Trade and other payables are stated at amortised cost.
                        The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables.
                        GST receivable or GST payable is only recognised once a tax invoice has been issued or received.
                        10. Leases
                        Finance leases
                        Leasing arrangements – receivables
                        Finance lease receivables relate to the lease of a pipeline lateral.
                        There are no contingent rental payments due.
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Finance lease receivables
                        Not longer than 1 year                                                                                                                  1,167                   1,167
                        Longer than 1 year and not longer than 5 years                                                                                         4,669                   4,669
                        Longer than 5 years                                                                                                                   3,502                    4,669
                        Minimum future lease payments receivable                (a)
                                                                                                                                                               9,338                 10,505

                        Gross finance lease receivables                                                                                                        9,338                 10,505
                        Less: unearned finance lease receivables                                                                                             (1,600)                   (1,994)
                        Present value of lease receivables                                                                                                     7,738                    8,511

                        Included in the financial statements as part of:
                        Current receivables (Note 8)                                                                                                             813                      774
                        Non-current receivables (Note 8)                                                                                                       6,925                    7,737
                                                                                                                                                               7,738                    8,511

                        a) Minimum future lease payments receivable include the aggregate of all lease payments receivable and any guaranteed residual.

                        Leases are classified as finance leases when the terms of the lease transfer substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental
                        to ownership of the leased asset to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
                        Consolidated Entity as lessor
                        Amounts due from a lessee under a finance lease are recorded as receivables. Finance lease receivables are initially recognised at
                        the amount equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments receivable plus the present value of any unguaranteed
                        residual value expected to accrue at the end of the lease term. Finance lease receipts are allocated between interest revenue
                        and reduction of the lease receivable over the term of the lease in order to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the net
                        investment outstanding in respect of the lease.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 129
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           11. Other financial instruments
                                                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                  $000                    $000




For personal use only
           Non-current
           Advance to related party                                                                                                             879,183                 948,592
           Investments carried at cost:
           Investment in related party (a)                                                                                                      107,379                  107,379
                                                                                                                                                986,562               1,055,971

           a) The investment in related party reflects GasNet Australia Investments Trust's ("GAIT") investment in 100% of the B Class units in GasNet A Trust. The B Class
              units give GAIT preferred rights to the income and capital of GasNet A Trust, but hold no voting rights. The A Class unitholder may however suspend for a period
              or terminate all of the B Class unitholder rights to income and capital. As such, GAIT neither controls nor has a significant influence over GasNet A Trust. GasNet
              Australia Trust, a related party wholly owned by APA Group, owns 100% of the A Class units in GasNet A Trust and, accordingly, GasNet A Trust is included in
              the consolidation of the APA Group. The investment has not been measured at fair value as the units of GasNet A Trust are not available for trade on an active
              market and as such, the fair value of the units cannot be reliably determined. The Consolidated Entity does not intend to dispose of its interest in GasNet A Trust.

           Classification of financial assets
           Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
           — The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual
             cash flows; and
           — The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
             and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
           Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
           income (FVTOCI):
           — The financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows
             and selling the financial assets; and
           — The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
             and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
           By default, all other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).
           Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
           recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship.
           Derivatives that the Consolidated Entity does not elect to apply hedge accounting to or that do not meet the hedge
           accounting criteria, are classified as 'financial assets/liabilities' for accounting purposes and accounted for at FVTPL.
           Further information about the classification and measurement of financial instruments is provided in Note 20 under AASB 9
           'Financial Instruments'.
           Effective interest method
           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and of allocating interest
           income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts
           through the expected life of the financial asset, or where appropriate, a shorter period.
           Receivables and loans
           Trade receivables, loans, and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
           market are classified as ‘loans and receivables’. Trade and other receivables are stated at their amortised cost less impairment.
           Impairment of financial assets
           The impairment of financial assets is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before credit losses are
           recognised. The Consolidated Entity applies an expected credit loss (ECL) model to account for ECL and changes in the ECL
           at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial asset.
           The Consolidated Entity recognises a loss allowance for ECL on investments in debt instruments that are measured at
           amortised cost, for example, loans advanced to related parties and receivables. For finance lease receivables, the Consolidated
           Entity applies the simplified approach to assessing ECL. Under the simplified approach, ECL on these financial assets is
           estimated using a provision matrix. This matrix is based on the Consolidated Entity’s historical credit losses and reasonable
           and supportable information that is available without undue cost.
           The amount of ECL under either approach is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
           recognition of the respective financial instrument.
           The Consolidated Entity recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding
           adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account. Aside from the additional disclosure requirements,
           the history of collection rates and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort shows that the
           Consolidated Entity does not have an expected loss on collection of debtors or loans.




           130 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Capital Management

                        12. Financial risk management
                        APA Group's corporate Treasury department is responsible for the overall management of the Consolidated Entity’s capital
                        raising activities, liquidity, lender relationships and engagement, debt portfolio management, interest rate and foreign




For personal use only
                        exchange hedging, credit rating maintenance and third party indemnities (bank guarantees) within risk management
                        parameters reviewed by the Board. The Audit and Risk Management Committee ("ARMC") approves written principles for
                        overall risk management, as well as policies covering specific areas such as liquidity and funding risk, foreign currency risk,
                        interest rate risk, credit risk, contract and legal risk and operational risk and climate change. The Consolidated Entity's ARMC
                        ensures there is an appropriate Risk Management Policy for the management of treasury risk and compliance with the policy
                        through monthly reporting to the Board from the Treasury department.
                        The Consolidated Entity's activities generate financial instruments comprising of cash, receivables, payables and interest
                        bearing liabilities which expose it to various risks as summarised below:
                        a) Market risk including currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk;
                        b) Credit risk; and
                        c) Liquidity risk.
                        Treasury as a centralised function provides the Consolidated Entity with the benefits of efficient cash utilisation, control
                        of funding and its associated costs, efficient and effective management of aggregated financial risk and concentration of
                        financial expertise, at an acceptable cost, and minimises risks through the use of natural hedges and derivative instruments. The
                        Consolidated Entity does not engage in speculative trading. All derivatives have been transacted to hedge underlying or existing
                        exposures and have adhered to the Audit and Risk Management Committee approved Treasury Risk Management Policy.
                        a) Market risk
                        The Consolidated Entity's activities exposure is primarily to the financial risk of changes in interest rates. There has been no
                        change to the Consolidated Entity's exposure to market risk or the manner in which it manages and measures the risk from
                        the previous year.
                        Interest rate sensitivity analysis
                        The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates on loans with related parties. A 100
                        basis points increase or decrease is used and represents management's assessment of the greatest possible change in interest
                        rates within a given period of time. At reporting date, if interest rates had been 100 basis points higher or lower and all other
                        variables were constant, the Consolidated Entity's net profit would increase by $5,974,000 or decrease by $5,917,000 (2018:
                        increase by $6,023,000 or decrease by $5,968,000 respectively). This is mainly attributable to the Consolidated Entity's exposure
                        to interest rates on its variable rate inter-entity balances. The sensitivity has decreased due to lower inter-entity balances.
                        b) Credit risk
                        Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the
                        Consolidated Entity.
                        Credit risk management
                        The Consolidated Entity has adopted the policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient
                        collateral or bank guarantees where appropriate as a means of mitigating the risk of loss. For financial investments or market
                        risk hedging, the Consolidated Entity's policy is to only transact with counterparties that have a credit rating of A- (Standard &
                        Poor's)/A3 (Moody's) or higher unless specifically approved by the Board. Where a counterparty's rating falls below this threshold
                        following a transaction, no other transactions can be executed with that counterparty until the exposure is sufficiently reduced
                        or their credit rating is upgraded above the Consolidated Entity's minimum threshold. The Consolidated Entity's exposure to
                        financial instrument and deposit credit risk is closely monitored against counterparty credit limits imposed by the Treasury Risk
                        Management Policy approved by the ARMC. These limits are regularly reviewed by the Board.
                        Overview of the Consolidated Entity's exposure to credit risk
                        The carrying amount of financial assets recorded in the financial statements, net of any allowances, represents the
                        Consolidated Entity’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to those assets.
                        c) Liquidity risk
                        The Consolidated Entity's exposure to liquidity risk is limited to other payables of $25,000 (2018: $78,000), all of which are
                        due in less than 1 year (2018: less than 1 year).




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 131
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Capital Management

           13. Issued capital
           		                  2019  2018
           		                 $000  $000




For personal use only
           Units
                                                                                       964,219
           1,179,893,848 units, fully paid (2018: 1,179,893,848 units, fully paid) (a)		                                                                              1,030,176


                                                                                                      2019		2018
                                                                                               No. of units  2019 No. of units                                             2018
                                                                                                      000   $000         000                                              $000

           Movements
           Balance at beginning of financial year                                               1,179,894             1,030,176                1,114,307                976,284
           Issue of units under entitlement offer                                                       —                       —                 65,587                 124,234
           Issue cost of units                                                                          —                     (63)                      —                 (2,745)
           Capital distributions paid (Note 7)                                                          —               (65,894)                        —                (67,597)
           Balance at end of financial year                                                     1,179,894               964,219                1,179,894              1,030,176

           a) Fully paid units carry one vote per unit and carry the right to distributions.

           Changes to the then Corporations Law abolished the authorised capital and par value concept in relation to issued capital
           from 1 July 1998. Therefore, the Trust does not have a limited amount of authorised capital and issued securities do not have
           a par value.

             Group Structure

           14. Subsidiaries
           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by APTIT. Control exists where APTIT has power over an entity, i.e. existing rights that give
           APTIT the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the entity (those that significantly affect the returns); exposure, or
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity; and the ability to use its power to affect those returns.
                                                                                                                                                         Output interest
           		                                     2019 2018
           Name of entity Country of registration   %    %

           Parent entity
           APT Investment Trust
           Subsidiary
           GasNet Australia Investments Trust                                                                         Australia                      100                     100




           132 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        15. Commitments and contingencies
                        The Consolidated Entity had no material contingent assets, liabilities and commitments as at 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2018.
                        16. Director and Executive Key Management Personnel remuneration




For personal use only
                        Remuneration of Directors
                        The aggregate remuneration of Directors of the Consolidated Entity is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                                   $                       $

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                    1,664,631               1,625,875
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            158,168                 154,482
                        Total remuneration: Non-Executive Directors                                                                                      1,822,799                1,780,357

                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                   3,629,920               3,638,690
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            25,000                  25,000
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                              1,515,047               1,479,646
                        Total remuneration: Executive Director (a)                                                                                        5,169,967               5,143,336
                        Total Remuneration: Directors                                                                                                    6,992,766                6,923,693

                        Remuneration of Executive Key Management Personnel (a)
                        The aggregate remuneration of Executive Key Management Personnel of the Consolidated Entity is set out below:
                        Short-term employment benefits                                                                                                     7,763,114              7,748,591
                        Post-employment benefits                                                                                                            101,666                  95,049
                        Cash settled security-based payments                                                                                            2,864,008                 2,822,148
                        Total remuneration: Executive Key Management Personnel                                                                         10,728,788               10,665,788

                        a) The remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Michael (Mick) McCormack, is included in both the remuneration disclosure for Directors
                           and Executive Key Management Personnel.

                        17. Remuneration of external auditor
                        Amounts received or due and receivable by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for:
                                                                                                                                                                2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                                   $                       $

                        Auditing the financial report                                                                                                          6,100                  6,000
                        Compliance plan audit                                                                                                                 5,800                   5,700
                        Other assurance services 		      (a)
                                                                                                                                                                    —                 15,990
                        		11,900                                                                                                                                                     27,690

                        a) Services provided were in accordance with the external auditor independence policy. Other assurance services comprise assurance services in relation to security
                           related transactions (equity raising).




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 133
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Other

           18. Related party transactions
           a) Equity interest in related parties
           Details of the percentage of ordinary securities held in subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 14.




For personal use only
           b) Responsible Entity – Australian Pipeline Limited
           The Responsible Entity is wholly owned by APT Pipelines Limited (2018: 100% owned by APT Pipelines Limited).
           c) Transactions with related parties within the Consolidated Entity
           During the financial year, the following transactions occurred between the Trust and its other related parties:
           — loans advanced and payments received on long-term inter-entity loans; and
           — payments of distributions.
           All transactions between the entities that comprise the Consolidated Entity have been eliminated on consolidation.
           Refer to Note 14 for details of the entities that comprise the Consolidated Entity.
           d) Transactions with other related parties
           APTIT and its controlled entities have a loan receivable balance with another entity in APA. This loan is repayable on agreement
           between the parties. Interest is recognised by applying the effective interest method, agreed between the parties at the end
           of each month and is determined by reference to market rates.
           The following balances arising from transactions between APTIT and its other related parties are outstanding at reporting date:
           — current receivables totalling $813,000 are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due under a finance lease
             arrangement (2018: $774,000);
           — non-current receivables totalling $6,925,000 are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due under a finance lease
             arrangement (2018: $7,737,000); and
           — non-current receivables totalling $879,183,000 (2018: $948,592,000) are owing from a subsidiary of APT for amounts due
             under inter-entity loans.
           Australian Pipeline Limited
           Management fees of $1,142,000 (2018: $1,152,000) were paid to the Responsible Entity as reimbursement of costs incurred
           on behalf of APTIT. No amounts were paid directly by APTIT to the Directors of the Responsible Entity.
           Australian Pipeline Trust
           Management fees of $1,142,000 (2018: $1,152,000) were reimbursed by APT.




           134 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        19. Parent entity information
                        The accounting policies of the parent entity, which have been applied in determining the financial information below, are the
                        same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                                                                              $000                    $000

                        Financial position
                        Assets
                        Current assets                                                                                                                           813                      774
                        Non-current assets                                                                                                                 993,487               1,063,708
                        Total assets                                                                                                                       994,300               1,064,482

                        Liabilities
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                                        25                      78
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                                          25                      78
                        Net assets                                                                                                                         994,275               1,064,404

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                                                                                      964,219               1,030,176
                        Retained earnings                                                                                                                   30,056                   34,228
                        Reserves                                                                                                                                    —                       —
                        Total equity                                                                                                                       994,275               1,064,404

                        Financial performance
                        Profit for the year                                                                                                                 65,070                   68,049
                        Other comprehensive income                                                                                                                  —                       —
                        Total comprehensive income                                                                                                          65,070                   68,049

                        Guarantees entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries
                        No guarantees have been entered into by the parent entity in relation to the debts of its subsidiaries.
                        Contingent liabilities of the parent entity
                        No contingent liabilities have been identified in relation to the parent entity.
                        20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards
                        Standards and Interpretations affecting amounts reported in the current period (and/or prior periods)
                        Adoption of AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’
                        In the current year, the Consolidated Entity has applied AASB 9 Financial Instruments (as revised) and the related consequential
                        amendments to other Accounting Standards for the first time. AASB 9 introduces new requirements for 1) the classification
                        and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities and 2) impairment for financial assets. Details of these new
                        requirements as well as their impact on the Consolidated Entity’s consolidated financial statements are described below. The
                        Consolidated Entity has applied AASB 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in AASB 9.
                        Classification and measurement of financial assets
                        The date of initial application (i.e. the date on which the Consolidated Entity has assessed its existing financial assets and
                        financial liabilities in terms of the requirements of AASB 9) is 1 July 2018. Accordingly, the Consolidated Entity has applied the
                        requirements of AASB 9 to instruments that have not been derecognised as at 1 July 2018.
                        All recognised financial assets that are within the scope of AASB 9 are required to be measured subsequently at amortised
                        cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                        characteristics of the financial assets. Specifically:
                        — Debt investments that are held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows, and that
                          have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, are
                          subsequently measured at amortised cost;
                        — Debt investments that are held within a business model whose objective is both to collect the contractual cash flows and
                          to sell the debt instruments, and that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
                          principal amount outstanding, are subsequently measured at FVTOCI;
                        — All other debt investments and equity investments are subsequently measured at FVTPL.
                        In the current year, the Consolidated Entity has not designated any debt investments that meet the amortised cost or FVTOCI
                        criteria as measured at FVTPL.



                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 135
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




             Other

           20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
           Adoption of AASB 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ (continued)
           Debt instruments that are subsequently measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI are subject to impairment.




For personal use only
           The Consolidated Entity reviewed and assessed its existing financial assets as at 1 July 2018 based on the facts and
           circumstances that existed at that date and concluded that the initial application of AASB 9 has had the following impact on
           the Consolidated Entity’s financial assets as regards their classification and measurement:
           — Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity and loans and receivables under AASB 139 that were measured at
             amortised cost continue to be measured at amortised cost under AASB 9 as they are held within a business model to
             collect contractual cash flows and these cash flows consist solely of payments of principal and interest on the principal
             amount outstanding;
           — Financial assets that were measured at FVTPL under AASB 139 continue to be measured as such under AASB 9.
           None of the classifications of financial assets have had any impact on the Consolidated Entity’s financial position, profit or
           loss, other comprehensive income or total comprehensive income for either period.
           Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
           One change introduced by AASB 9 in the classification and measurement of financial liabilities relates to the accounting for
           changes in the fair value of a financial liability designated at FVTPL attributable to changes in the credit risk of the issuer.
           Specifically, AASB 9 requires that the changes in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the
           credit risk of that liability be presented in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in
           the liability's credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.
           Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability's credit risk are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, but are
           transferred to retained earnings when the financial liability is derecognised. Previously, under AASB 139, the entire amount of
           the change in the fair value of the financial liability designated at FVTPL was presented in profit or loss.
           This change in accounting policy has had no impact on the classification and measurement of the Consolidated Entity’s
           financial liabilities.
           The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities under AASB 9 and
           AASB 139 at the date of initial application, 1 July 2018.
           Category                                               Original category under AASB 139                      New measurement category under AASB 9

           Receivables                                                           Loans and receivables                              Financial assets at amortised cost
           Loans advanced to related parties                          Held-to-maturity investments                                  Financial assets at amortised cost
           Trade and other payables                           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                            Financial liabilities at amortised cost

           Impairment of financial assets
           In relation to the impairment of financial assets, it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have occurred before credit losses
           are recognised. AASB 9 requires an expected credit loss model as opposed to an incurred credit loss model under AASB 139. The
           expected credit loss model requires the Consolidated Entity to account for expected credit losses and changes in those expected
           credit losses at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial assets.
           Specifically, AASB 9 requires the Consolidated Entity to recognise a loss allowance for ECL on loans and receivables. Aside
           from loans and receivables, the Consolidated Entity does not currently hold any debt instruments or guarantee contracts as
           covered by the scope of the impairment section.
           In particular, AASB 9 requires the Consolidated Entity to measure the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount
           equal to the lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, or if
           the financial instrument is a purchased or originated credit-impaired financial asset. In the event the credit risk on a financial
           instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition (except for a purchased or originated credit-impaired
           financial asset), the Consolidated Entity is required to measure the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount
           equal to 12 months ECL. AASB 9 also requires a simplified approach for measuring the loss allowance at an amount equal
           to lifetime ECL for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables in certain circumstances. The Consolidated Entity
           applies the simplified approach to assessing ECL for lease receivables.
           As at 1 July 2018, the Consolidated Entity reviewed and assessed its existing financial assets, loans advanced to related
           parties and amounts due from customers for impairment using reasonable and supportable information that is available
           without undue cost or effort in accordance with the requirements of AASB 9 to determine the credit risk of the respective
           items at the date they were initially recognised, and compared that to the credit risk as at 1 July 2017 and 1 July 2018. Based
           upon this assessment, aside from the additional disclosure requirements, this change has not had a material impact to the
           Consolidated Entity’s accounts. The history of collection rates and quality of counterparties shows that the Consolidated
           Entity does not have an expected loss on collection of debtors or loans.
           Details of the applicable accounting policies are set out in Note 11.




           136 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        notes to the consolidated financial statements. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




                         Other

                        20. Adoption of new and revised Accounting Standards (continued)
                        Adoption of AASB 15 ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’
                        The consolidated entity has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“AASB 15”) from 1 July 2018. AASB




For personal use only
                        15 replaced AASB 118 Revenue and AASB 111 Construction Contracts and related interpretations.
                        AASB 15 applies to all revenues arising from contracts with customers unless the contracts are within the scope of other
                        standards. The standard establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether revenue is recognised and if so,
                        the timing and amount of revenue recognition based on the core principle being that an entity should recognise revenue at
                        an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for fulfilling its performance obligations to
                        a customer.
                        As the revenue of the Consolidated Entity is limited to interest earned on inter-entity loans, distribution revenue and finance
                        lease income, AASB 15 does not have any impact on the Consolidated Entity.
                        The Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies for its revenue streams are disclosed in Note 4.
                        Standards and Interpretations issued not yet adopted
                        At the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Standards and Interpretations listed below were on issue but
                        not yet effective.
                                                                                                                       Effective for annual                               Expected to be
                                                                                                                         reporting periods                        initially applied in the
                        Standard/Interpretation                                                                       beginning on or after                        financial year ending

                        AASB 16 'Leases'                                                                                       1 January 2019                              30 June 2020

                        AASB 16 'Leases'
                        The Consolidated Entity has chosen not to early adopt AASB 16 'Leases' in preparing these consolidated financial statements.
                        AASB 16 'Leases' (AASB 16) is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. AASB 16 replaces
                        AASB 117 'Leases' and related interpretations. Early adoption is permitted for entities that apply AASB 15 at or before the
                        date of initial application of AASB 16. The consolidated entity will apply AASB 16 in the financial year beginning 1 July 2019
                        (financial year ended 30 June 2020).
                        The Consolidated Entity has completed an assessment of the potential impact of the adoption of AASB 16. As the Consolidated
                        Entity is a lessor only, the new standard will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
                        21. Events occurring after reporting date
                        On 21 August 2019, the Directors declared a final distribution for the 2019 financial year of 6.53 cents per unit ($77.1 million).
                        The distribution represents a 2.55 cents per unit unfranked profit distribution and 3.98 cents per unit capital distribution. The
                        distribution will be paid on 11 September 2019.
                        Other than the events disclosed above, there have not been any events or transactions that have occurred subsequent to year
                        end that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 137
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           declaration by the directors of australian pipeline limited.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2019




           The Directors declare that:
           a) in the Directors’ opinion, there are reasonable grounds to believe that APT Investment Trust will be able to pay its debts as
              and when they become due and payable;
           b) in the Directors’ opinion, the attached financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with the Corporations
              Act 2001, including compliance with Accounting Standards and giving a true and fair view of the financial position and




For personal use only
              performance of the Consolidated Entity;
           c) in the Directors' opinion, the financial statements and notes thereto are in accordance with International Financial
              Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; and
           d) the Directors have been given the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by
              section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001.
           Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors of the Responsible Entity made pursuant to section 295(5) of the
           Corporations Act 2001.
           On behalf of the Directors




           Michael Fraser                                                         Debra Goodin
           Chairman                                                               Director
           Sydney, 21 August 2019




           138 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        auditor’s independence declaration.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO AUSTRALIAN PIPELINE LIMITED AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY FOR APT INVESTMENT TRUST




                                                                                                                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                                           ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                                           Grosvenor Place




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                           225 George Street
                                                                                                                                           Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                                           PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                                           Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                                           DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                                           Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                                           Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                                           www.deloitte.com.au




                                        21 August 2019




                                        The Directors
                                        Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                                        APT Investment Trust
                                        Level 25, 580 George Street
                                        Sydney NSW 2000




                                        Dear Directors

                                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration to Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for APT
                                        Investment Trust

                                        In accordance with section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, I am pleased to provide the following
                                        declaration of independence to the directors of Australian Pipeline Limited as responsible entity for
                                        APT Investment Trust.

                                        As lead audit partner for the audit of the financial statements of APT Investment Trust for the
                                        financial year ended 30 June 2019, I declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have
                                        been no contraventions of:

                                                   (i)   the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to
                                                         the audit; and

                                                   (ii) any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

                                        Yours sincerely




                                        DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                                        A V Griffiths
                                        Partner
                                        Chartered Accountants
                                        Sydney, 21 August 2019




                                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                        Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network.

                                                                                                    177




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 139
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           independent auditor’s report.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




                                                                                                                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                                                                                               ABN 74 490 121 060

                                                                                                                               Grosvenor Place




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               225 George Street
                                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                                                                               PO Box N250 Grosvenor Place
                                                                                                                               Sydney NSW 1220 Australia

                                                                                                                               DX: 10307SSE
                                                                                                                               Tel: +61 (0) 2 9322 7000
                                                                                                                               Fax: +61 (0) 2 9322 7001
                                                                                                                               www.deloitte.com.au




                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report
                                                   to the Unitholders of APT Investment Trust


                             Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

                             Opinion

                             We have audited the financial report of APT Investment Trust (the “consolidated entity”), which comprises the
                             consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2019, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                             and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
                             statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary
                             of significant accounting policies, and the directors’ declaration.

                             In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the consolidated entity is in accordance with the
                             Corporations Act 2001, including:

                             (i)    giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2019 and of its
                                    financial performance for the year then ended; and

                             (ii)   complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                             Basis for Opinion

                             We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                             standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section
                             of our report. We are independent of the consolidated entity in accordance with the auditor independence
                             requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and
                             Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant
                             to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                             accordance with the Code.

                             We confirm that the independence declaration required by the Corporations Act 2001, which has been given
                             to the directors of the Company, would be in the same terms if given to the directors as at the time of this
                             auditor’s report.

                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                             opinion.




                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
                             Member of Deloitte Asia Pacific Limited and the Deloitte Network

                                                                                            178




           140 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        independent auditor’s report. continued.
                        APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                        TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




For personal use only
                                        Other Information

                                        The directors of APT Investment Trust (“the Directors”) are responsible for the other information. The other
                                        information comprises the information included in the consolidated entity’s annual report for the year ended
                                        30 June 2019, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

                                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                                        assurance conclusion thereon.

                                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
                                        doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our
                                        knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we
                                        have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
                                        to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

                                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                                        The directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in
                                        accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control
                                        as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and
                                        fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the consolidated
                                        entity to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
                                        the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the consolidated entity
                                        or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                        Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

                                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                                        opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                        accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                                        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this
                                        financial report.

                                        As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgement
                                        and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                                  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud
                                                   or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
                                                   that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
                                                   material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
                                                   involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
                                                   control.

                                                  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                                                   that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                                                   effectiveness of the consolidated entity’s internal control.

                                                  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                                                   estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                       179




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 141
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           independent auditor’s report. continued.
           APT INVESTMENT TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
           TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF APT INVESTMENT TRUST




For personal use only
                                       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
                                        based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                                        conditions that may cast significant doubt on the consolidated entity’s ability to continue as a going
                                        concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                                        auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are
                                        inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
                                        the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the consolidated
                                        entity to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                        disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a
                                        manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                       Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information or business activities
                                        within the consolidated entity to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for
                                        the direction, supervision and performance of the consolidated entity audit. We remain solely
                                        responsible for our audit opinion.


                             We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
                             audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
                             during our audit.

                             We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                             regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                             reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




                             DELOITTE TOUCHE TOHMATSU




                             A V Griffiths
                             Partner
                             Chartered Accountants
                             Sydney, 21 August 2019




                                                                                            180




           142 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        additional information.


                        Additional information required by the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange Limited and not provided elsewhere
                        in this report (the information is applicable as at 16 August 2019).
                        Twenty largest holders
                                                                                                                                                No. of securities                          %




For personal use only
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                                     278,881,130                      23.64
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty ltd                                                                                                 206,889,750                        17.53
                        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                                                                         150,042,188                       12.72
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                                                   93,014,761                       7.88
                        National Nominees Limited                                                                                                       30,586,418                       2.59
                        Custodial Services Limited                                                                                                       21,562,451                      1.83
                        Argo Investments Limited                                                                                                        10,882,525                      0.92
                        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                                                                          6,966,101                     0.59
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                                       6,063,005                        0.51
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                                                     5,631,958                     0.48
                        BKI Investment Company Limited                                                                                                    4,894,714                      0.41
                        Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                               4,040,000                        0.34
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSCO ECA                                                                                3,381,771                     0.29
                        AMP Life Limited                                                                                                                 3,360,429                      0.28
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                                                        3,026,564                      0.26
                        Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                                               2,500,000                         0.21
                        Milton Corporation Limited                                                                                                        2,077,766                      0.18
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty ltd                                                                                                    1,920,000                        0.16
                        Buttonwood Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                                      1,608,410                       0.14
                        Navigator Australia Ltd                                                                                                           1,477,357                      0.13
                        Total for Top 20                                                                                                             838,807,298                       71.09

                        Distribution of holders
                        Ranges                                                                     No. of holders                     %              No. of securities                     %

                        100,001 and Over                                                                         137                0.18                    871,610,743                73.87
                        10,001 to 100,000                                                                      7,657              10.30                    152,950,506                  12.96
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                                        9,813              13.20                     69,823,458                   5.92
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                                       28,818               38.78                      74,427,629                  6.31
                        1 to 1,000                                                                           27,888               37.53                       11,100,957                0.94
                        Total                                                                                74,313            100.00                    1,179,893,848              100.00

                        1,759 holders hold less than a marketable parcel of securities (market value less than $500 or 48 securities based on a market
                        price on 16 August 2019 of $10.49).
                        Substantial holders
                        By notice dated 14 June 2019, BlackRock Group advised that it had an interest in 70,905,193 stapled securities, as at 12 June 2019.
                        By notice dated 13 March 2018, BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Limited as custodian for UniSuper Limited advised that it had an
                        interest in 189,951,079 stapled securities, as at 09 March 2018.
                        By notice dated 4 January 2017, The Vanguard Group Inc. advised that it had an interest in 56,186,718 stapled securities, as at
                        30 December 2017.
                        Voting rights
                        On a show of hands, each holder has one vote.
                        On a poll, each holder has one vote for each dollar of the value of the total interests they have in the scheme.
                        On-market buy-back
                        There is no current on-market buy-back.




                                                                                                                                     APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 143
           FY2019 in Review I Chairman’s Report I Managing Director’s Report I APA Board & Senior Management I Highlights I Australian Pipeline Trust I Directors’ Report I Remuneration Report



           five year summary.


           Financial Performance (Statutory)		
                                             2019 2018                                                                                    2017             2016             2015

           Revenue                                                                     $m           2,452.2          2,386.7           2,326.4         2,094.3            1,553.6
           Revenue excluding pass-through              (1)
                                                                                       $m           2,031.0           1,941.4          1,888.3          1,656.0            1,119.2
           EBITDA                                                                      $m           1,573.8           1,518.5          1,470.1          1,330.5           1,269.5




For personal use only
           Depreciation and amortisation expense                                       $m             (611.4)          (578.9)         (570.0)           (520.9)          (208.2)
           EBIT                                                                        $m             962.4             939.6            900.1            809.7           1,061.3
           Interest expense                                                            $m            (497.4)          (509.7)           (513.8)          (507.7)          (324.2)
           Tax (expense) / benefit                                                     $m             (177.0)          (165.1)          (149.5)           (122.5)          (177.2)
           Profit after tax including significant items                                $m            288.0             264.8             236.8             179.5            559.9
           Significant items – after income tax                                        $m                  —                —                 —                —           356.0
           Profit after tax excluding significant items                                $m            288.0             264.8             236.8             179.5           203.9

           Financial Position
           Total assets                                                                $m          15,433.9          15,227.2        15,045.9          14,842.7         14,652.9
           Total drawn debt (2)                                                        $m           9,352.1          8,810.4           9,249.7          9,037.3          8,642.8
           Total equity                                                                $m           3,599.4           4,126.8          3,978.2          4,029.1          4,382.7

           Operating Cash Flow
           Operating cash flow (3)                                                     $m            1,012.1          1,031.6            973.9            862.4            562.2

           Key Financial Ratios
           Earnings per security (4)                                                 cents              24.4             23.3              21.2             16.0              56.1 (5)
           Operating cash flow per security (4)                                      cents             85.8              90.7              87.1              77.1            56.3
           Distribution per security                                                 cents              47.0             45.0             43.5              41.5             38.0
           Funds From Operations to Net Debt                                             %              10.8             10.7             10.8               9.5               6.5 (6)
           Funds From Operations to Interest                                        times                3.0              3.0               3.0               2.7             2.8
           Weighted average number of securities (4)                                     m           1,179.9          1,136.9           1,118.5          1,118.5            999.4 (5)

           EBITDA by Segment (Excluding Significant Items)
           EBITDA (Continuing businesses)
           Energy Infrastructure
               East Coast:
                  Queensland                                                           $m            1,010.1            962.2            925.4            855.8             340.1
                  New South Wales                                                      $m              149.4             147.1           149.5             121.7           120.8
                  Victoria                                                             $m              114.0            124.6            123.0            120.6             130.2
                  South Australia                                                      $m                 2.1              2.6              2.3              2.5               1.9
               Northern Territory                                                      $m               19.2             22.9              18.8             17.5             18.0
               Western Australia                                                       $m             277.8             237.6            234.7             217.6            212.6
           Asset Management                                                            $m              53.0              66.2             58.7              53.9             49.5
           Energy Investments                                                          $m               28.4              23.1            24.4              27.8             21.8
           Corporate costs                                                             $m              (80.1)            (67.9)          (66.7)            (86.7)           (73.6)
           Divested businesses (7)                                                     $m                  —                —                 —                —               1.0

           1) Pass-through revenue is revenue on which no margin is earned. Pass-through revenue arises in the asset management operations in respect of costs incurred and
              passed on to Australian Gas Networks Limited (AGN) and GDI in respect of the operation of the AGN and GDI assets respectively.
           2) APA’s liability to repay debt at relevant due dates of the drawn facilities. This amount represents current and non-current borrowings as per balance sheet and
              is adjusted for deferred borrowing costs, the effect of unwinding of discount, unrealised foreign exchange differences reported in equity and deducting other
              financial liabilities that are reported as part of borrowings in the balance sheet.
           3) Operating cash flow = net cash from operations after interest and tax payments.
           4) On the 23 March 2018, APA Group issued 65,586,479 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten pro-rata accelerated institutional tradeable
              renounceable entitlement offer, resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2018 of 1,179,893,848. The entitlement offer was offered at $7.70 per security, a
              discount to APA Group's closing market price of $8.26 per security on the 23 February 2018, the last trading day before the record date of 26 February 2018. The
              numbers of securities used for calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security from FY2015 to FY2018 have been adjusted. An adjustment
              factor of 1.0038 has been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 23 February 2018, divided by the theoretical ex-rights price (TERP) of $8.23 per
              security.
           5) Between 23 December 2014 and 28 January 2015, APA Group issued a total of 278,556,562 new ordinary securities on completion of the fully underwritten
              accelerated renounceable entitlement offer, resulting in total securities on issue as at 30 June 2015 of 1,114,307,369. The entitlement offer was offered at $6.60
              per security, a discount to APA’s closing market price of $7.67 per security on 9 December 2014, the last trading day before the record date of the entitlement offer
              of 15 December 2014. The weighted average number of securities for FY2015 used for calculation of earnings per security and operating cash flow per security
              have been adjusted. An adjustment factor of 1.036 has been calculated, being the closing market price per security on 9 December 2014, divided by the theoretical
              ex-rights value (TERP) of $7.40 per security.
           6) June 2015 FFO to Net Debt was affected by the $3.7 billion worth of USD denominated debt raised to Wallumbilla Gladstone Pipeline.
           7) Australian Gas Networks Limited sold in August 2014.


           144 — APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019
           Consolidated Financial Statements I APT Investment Trust I Directors’ Report I Consolidated Financial Statements I Additional Information I Five Year Summary I Investor Information



                        investor information.


                        Calendar of events
                        Final distribution FY2019 record date                                                                                                             28 June 2019
                        Final distribution FY2019 payment date                                                                                                    11 September 2019
                        Annual meeting                                                                                                                               24 October 2019




For personal use only
                        Interim results announcement                                                                                                                18 February 2020 (1)
                        Interim distribution FY2020 record date                                                                                                    31 December 2019 (1)
                        Interim distribution FY2020 payment date                                                                                                        11 March 2020 (1)

                        1) Subject to change.



                        Annual Meeting Details                                                                  Securityholder Details
                        Date: Thursday, 24 October 2019                                                         It is important that Securityholders notify the APA Group
                        Venue: InterContinental Sydney Hotel,                                                   registry immediately if there is a change to their address
                               James Cook Ballroom,                                                             or banking arrangements. Securityholders with enquiries
                               117 Macquarie Street,                                                            should also contact the APA Group registry.
                               Sydney NSW                                                                       Distribution Payments
                        Time:      10.30am                                                                      Distributions will be paid semi‑annually in March and
                        Registration commences at 10.00am                                                       September. Securityholders will receive annual tax
                                                                                                                statements with the final distribution in September.
                        ASX Listing                                                                             Payment to Securityholders residing in Australia and New
                        An APA Group security comprises a unit in Australian                                    Zealand will be made only by direct credit into an Australian
                        Pipeline Trust and a unit in APT Investment Trust. These                                or New Zealand bank account. Securityholders with
                        units are stapled together to form a stapled security                                   enquires should contact the APA Group registry.
                        which is listed on the ASX (ASX Code: APA). Australian
                        Pipeline Limited is the Responsible Entity of those trusts.                             Online Information
                                                                                                                Further information on APA is available at apa.com.au,
                        APA Group Responsible Entity And Registered Office                                      including:
                        Australian Pipeline Limited
                                                                                                                — Results, market releases and news
                        ACN 091 344 704
                                                                                                                — Asset and business information
                        Level 25, 580 George Street,
                        Sydney NSW 2000                                                                         — Corporate responsibility and sustainability reporting
                        PO Box R41,                                                                             — Securityholder information such as the current APA
                        Royal Exchange NSW 1225                                                                   security price, distribution and tax information.
                        Telephone: +61 2 9693 0000                                                              Electronic Communication
                        Facsimile: +61 2 9693 0093
                                                                                                                Securityholders can elect to receive communication
                        Website: apa.com.au                                                                     electronically by registering their email address with the
                        APA Group Registry                                                                      APA Group registry. Electing to receive annual reports
                                                                                                                electronically will reduce the adverse impact we have
                        Link Market Services Limited
                                                                                                                on the environment.
                        Level 12, 680 George Street,
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Locked Bag A14,
                        Sydney South NSW 1235
                                                                                                                        APA’s Annual Report content is printed on Revive Laser
                        Telephone: +61 1800 992 312                                                                     100% recycled paper and the cover pages are printed on
                        Facsimile: +61 2 9287 0303                                                                      ecoStar 100% recycled paper. Revive Laser is Australian
                        Email: apagroup@linkmarketservices.com.au                                                       made, manufactured from Forest Stewardship Council
                        Website: linkmarketservices.com.au                                                              (FSC) Recycled certified fibre and certified carbon
                                                                                                                        neutral by the Department of Environment, under the
                                                                                                                        National Carbon Offset Standard (NCOS). Revive Laser is
                                                                                                                        manufactured by an ISO 14001 certified mill and no chlorine
                                                                                                                        bleaching occurs in the recycling process. ecoStar is an
                                                                                                                        environmentally responsible paper made carbon neutral.



                        Disclaimer:
                        APA Group comprises two registered investment schemes, Australian Pipeline Trust (ARSN 091 678 778) and APT Investment Trust (ARSN 115 585 441), the securities
                        of which are stapled together. Australian Pipeline Limited (ACN 091 344 704) is the responsible entity of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment Trust. Please
                        note that Australian Pipeline Limited is not licensed to provide financial product advice in relation to securities in APA Group. This publication does not constitute
                        financial product advice and has been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Before relying on any statements
                        contained in this publication, including forecasts and projections, you should consider the appropriateness of the information, having regard to your own objectives,
                        financial situations and needs and seek professional advice if necessary.
                        This publication contains forward looking information, including about APA Group, its financial results and other matters which are subject to risk factors. APA
                        Group believes that there are reasonable grounds for these statements and whilst due care and attention have been used in preparing this publication, certain
                        forward looking statements are made in this publication which are not based on historical fact and necessarily involve assumptions as to future events and analysis,
                        which may or may not be correct. These forward looking statements should not be relied on as an indication or guarantee of future performance.
                        All references to dollars, cents or ‘$’ in this presentation are to Australian currency, unless otherwise stated.
                        EBIT, EBITDA and other “normalised” measures are non-IFRS measures that are presented to provide an understanding of the performance of APA Group. Such
                        non-IFRS information is unaudited, however the numbers have been extracted from the audited financial statements.


                                                                                                                                            APA GROUP — ANNUAL REPORT 2019 — 145
                     For personal use only

energy. connected.
