                        APPENDIX 4D
                        Fortescue Ltd
                        ABN: 57 002 594 872

                        FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
                        This information should be read in conjunction with Fortescue’s Financial Report for the half year ended 31 December 2023.


                        Results for announcement to the market


                                                                                                                                         US$ million
                         Revenue from ordinary activities                                                      increased 21% to          9,512




For personal use only
                         Profit from ordinary activities after tax attributable to members                     increased 41% to          3,337

                         Net profit after tax for the half year attributable to members                        increased 41% to          3,337


                                                                                                                    Amount per             Franked amount
                         Dividends
                                                                                                                     security                per security
                         Interim dividend declared for the half year ended 31 December 2023                         A$1.08                    A$1.08

                         Interim dividend declared for the previous corresponding period                            A$0.75                    A$0.75



                         Ex-dividend date of interim dividend                                                              28 February 2024

                         Record date of interim dividend                                                                   29 February 2024

                         Payment date of interim dividend                                                                    27 March 2024



                        Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                        The Company operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the Plan) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to invest dividends in
                        ordinary shares which rank equally with the ordinary shares of the Company. The allocation of price for shares under the Plan will
                        be calculated as the average of the daily volume weighted average market price of all Fortescue shares traded on the Australian
                        Securities Exchange during the period of 5 trading days commencing on 4 March 2024.

                        The last date for receipt of applications to participate in or to cease or vary participation in the Plan is by 5:00pm (AEST) on
                        1 March 2024. The Directors have determined that no discount shall apply to the allocation price and the Plan will not be underwritten.
                        Shares to be allocated under the Plan will be acquired on market and transferred to participants on 27 March 2024. A broker will be
                        engaged to assist in this process.

                        A copy of the Plan Rules is available at www.fortescue.com/investors.

                        Net tangible asset backing
                        Net tangible asset backing per ordinary shares: US$6.20 (previous corresponding period: US$5.47).

                        Previous corresponding period
                        The previous corresponding period is the half year ended 31 December 2022.

                        Commentary on results for the period
                        A commentary on the results for the period is contained within the half year presentation and the financial statements that accompany
                        this announcement.
For personal use only
                                                               For the half year ended
                                                                 31 December 2023




                                                           HALF YEAR
                                                            REPORT
                                                                                 Fortescue Ltd
                                                                              ABN 57 002 594 872




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023   1
For personal use only
                                                                                                           Our
                                                                                                        Values
                         Fortescue is a values-based business
                         with a strong, differentiated culture.                                              Family
                         We believe that by leveraging                                                Empowerment
                         the unique culture of our greatest
                         asset, our people, we will achieve                                                Frugality
                         our stretch targets.
                                                                                                     Stretch Targets

                                                                                                            Integrity

                                                                                                         Enthusiasm

                                                                                                              Safety

                                                                                                       Courage and
                                                                                                      Determination
                        Fortescue acknowledges the Traditional Custodians
                        of the lands where we work. We acknowledge their                            Generating Ideas
                        rich culture and their continuing connection to land,
                        waters and community. We are proud to work with,
                        partner and engage with First Nations People. We pay                                Humility
                        our respects to the people, the cultures and the Elders,
                        past, present and emerging.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                       2
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS
                        FOR HALF YEAR ENDED
                        31 DECEMBER 2023

                        DIRECTORS' REPORT
                        GOVERNANCE
                        Your Directors present this report on Fortescue Ltd for the half year ended 31 December 2023.




For personal use only
                        The Directors of the Company in office during the half year and until the date of this report are as follows.


                        NON-EXECUTIVE
                        Mark Barnaba AM CitWA – Deputy Chair and Lead Independent Director
                        Lord Sebastian Coe CH, KBE
                        Dr Jean Baderschneider
                        Penny Bingham-Hall
                        Yifei Li
                        Dr Larry Marshall (appointed August 2023)
                        Usha Rao-Monari (appointed January 2024)


                        EXECUTIVE
                        Dr Andrew Forrest AO – Executive Chairman
                        Elizabeth Gaines – Executive Director and Global Ambassador

                        Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.



                        Auditor’s independence declaration
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on
                        page 35, and forms part of this report.

                        Rounding of amounts
                        All amounts in this report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with the Australian
                        Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

                        Subsequent events
                        On 22 February 2024, Fortescue declared a fully franked interim dividend of 108 Australian cents per share, payable in March
                        2024.

                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                        Executive Chairman
                        Dated in Perth on this 22nd day of February 2024.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                         3
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                        ABOUT FORTESCUE
                        Fortescue is an integrated green technology, energy and metals company that is committed to eliminating emissions and
                        developing the green solutions required for the world to step beyond fossil fuels.

                        Our iron ore operations include the Chichester and Western Hubs and our Iron Bridge magnetite mine in the Pilbara, Western
                        Australia. As a major supplier of iron ore to the Chinese steel industry, we are now shipping at an annual rate of over 190 million
                        tonnes with more than two billion tonnes of iron ore shipped since 2008.

                        The Chichester and Western Hubs are connected by 760 kilometres of rail to Herb Elliott Port in Port Hedland. Globally, we have
                        an early-stage iron ore project underway in Gabon, Africa and we continue to conduct exploration into new fields.

                        By 2030, our aim is to have our Australian iron ore operations running on green energy and achieve real zero terrestrial emissions




For personal use only
                        (Scope 1 and 2). Separately, we have a net zero Scope 3 emissions target by 2040, addressing emissions across our entire value
                        chain.

                        Through our energy business, we are working on developing a pipeline of global green energy projects, including in the USA and
                        Australia, where we have reached Final Investment Decisions on our first three projects. To support funding of our projects, we
                        have established a green energy investment accelerator platform, Fortescue Capital, that is headquartered in New York.

                        Through Fortescue WAE, we are developing zero emissions battery systems that will enable us to decarbonise our mining
                        fleet. Fortescue Hydrogen Systems is leading our work on hydrogen production systems, including electrolysers, product
                        development and supply chain, as well as manufacturing.

                        We always strive to empower the communities we operate in and deliver positive social and economic change through training,
                        employment and business development opportunities. This is evident through initiatives such as our Billion Opportunities
                        program, which has awarded more than A$4.9 billion in contracts to Australian First Nations businesses since it was established
                        in 2011.


                        SUSTAINABILITY
                        Over the half year, Fortescue was consistently recognised for its sustainability performance through independent environmental,
                        social and governance (ESG) ratings, global index inclusions and awards.

                        Fortescue is a 2023 member of the Australian, Asia Pacific and World Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and the FTSE4Good
                        Index. We also maintained our industry-leading AA rating in the Morgan Stanley Capital International ESG Ratings announced in
                        December 2023. Fortescue is a member of the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023, achieving a top five per cent ESG score
                        in our industry group and is an industry top rated company in Sustainalytics 2024 ESG ratings.

                        A summary of our key sustainability commitments and performance during the half year follows.

                        Climate Action
                        Fortescue is proceeding with swift actions to address the climate change challenge. We have commenced our transition from a
                        heavy emitter to become an integrated green technology, energy and metals company. We have a costed plan to decarbonise our
                        Australian terrestrial iron ore operations in the Pilbara by 2030. At the time of this report, Fortescue has identified the solutions
                        it plans to adopt to eliminate approximately 90% of terrestrial Scope 1 and 2 emissions from its Australian iron ore operations.
                        We are actively working to identify solutions for the final approximately 10%. We are also finalising our plan for how to eliminate
                        Fortescue’s remaining Scope 1 and 2 emissions from across our non-Pilbara operations, including Fortescue Energy. We have a
                        separate target to achieve net zero Scope 3 emissions by 2040.

                        In October 2023, Fortescue submitted Scope 1, 2 and 3 targets for evaluation under the Science based Targets initiative (SBTi).
                        We also released a Climate Transition Plan outlining our progress and actions on the road to real zero.

                        Stepping beyond fossil fuels and voluntary carbon offsets helps reduce our exposure to regulatory and supply chain risk,
                        while potentially generating significant operating cost savings. Eliminating our emissions could also bring greater value to our
                        shareholders, enabling us to enter the growing market for zero emissions power systems, commercialise our green technologies
                        and enable access to sustainable finances.

                        Our progress on decarbonisation during H1 FY24 is detailed under the ‘Decarbonisation’ section of this report.
                        Our FY23 Climate Change Report and our Climate Transition Plan are available on our website at www.fortescue.com.


                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                             4
                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        Health and Safety
                        Ensuring the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and communities is our first priority. We believe that
                        fostering a culture of wellness and ensuring a safe work environment for all our team members are fundamental to our success.
                        Fortescue Metals’ rolling 12-month Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) is 1.8 at 31 December 2023.

                        Health and Safety excellence
                        As per our embodiment of the Fortescue Values, we are committed to continuing to improve health and safety performance in all
                        areas (physical; psychosocial; process and technical), including delivery of actions across the following areas:
                        • leaders foster a culture of safety excellence, they understand risk and engage both hearts and minds to drive outcomes
                        • leveraging technology to support better decision making and proactive action on health and safety
                        • managing risk to inform decision making, controls are monitored and assured
                        • support for leaders and the business through a capable team of health, safety and risk professionals.




For personal use only
                        Workplace integrity and culture
                        Fortescue has a strong Values-based culture and we remain committed to ensuring we are providing a safe and inclusive work
                        environment for all our team members. Inappropriate behaviour of any form has no place at Fortescue, in our industries, in the
                        workplace or in society.

                        Fortescue’s Workplace Integrity Review was launched in 2021. Since that time, we have heard directly from our Fortescue family
                        on numerous occassions about what makes our team members feel safe or unsafe while working at a Fortescue workplace
                        and/or living at a Fortescue village. This feedback has provided us with insight into any experiences of inappropriate behaviour
                        and guidance on where we can continue to make improvements. We have implemented a number of initiatives as part of the
                        Workplace Integrity Review, including those related to policies, training, leadership development, workplace culture and village
                        life. This important work will continue in the future, with further initiatives planned to be launched this year.

                        Fortescue recently entered into an Enforceable Undertaking with WorkSafe as an alternative to prosecution related to the
                        request for provision of information. This undertaking requires Fortescue to spend at least A$1.47 million to deliver
                        10 activities which will enhance psychosocial safety across Fortescue and the mining industry.

                        These include:
                        • implement contractor and sub-contractor education sessions
                        • establish an engagement, vision and commitment program
                        • facilitate a security and duress application
                        • participate in a review of camp design and psychosocial risk assessments.

                        We will continue to work and collaborate with WorkSafe to ensure our people always feel safe to speak up.



                        Diversity
                        We are committed to diversity and inclusion in all its forms and commit to a year-on-year increase across our measurable
                        categories of diversity representation. Our Board has the ultimate responsibility for diversity and inclusion matters through the
                        Remuneration and People Committee.

                        The Fortescue Family Diversity Plan embodies our commitment to a workforce that reflects the communities in which we live,
                        including the following key categories:
                        • females
                        • First Nations Australian people
                        • diversity of age
                        • LGBTQIA+
                        • cultural backgrounds
                        • differing abilities.

                        Increasing our female employment rates remains a key priority. As at 31 December 2023, we employed 3,324 women, an increase
                        of seven per cent from 30 June 2023.

                        Our female employment rate remained steady at 23 per cent of total positions. Females also represented 29 per cent of
                        leadership positions (manager roles and above) (30 June 2023: 26 per cent) and 35 per cent of senior leadership roles
                        (GM roles and above) (30 June 2023: 30 per cent).

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                           5
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        First Nations engagement
                        From the outset, Fortescue has been focused on practical initiatives that drive economic and employment opportunities for
                        First Nations people.

                        We are proud to be one of Australia’s largest employers of First Nations Australians. As at 31 December 2023, we employed
                        1,369 First Nations people. Within our Australian workforce, First Nations people hold 10 per cent of total positions, two per cent
                        of leadership positions (Manager and above) and 14 per cent of positions within our Pilbara operations.

                        Our Vocational Training and Employment Centre (VTEC) program has been providing sustainable career pathways for
                        First Nations people for over 16 years. The program is a key part of our training and development strategy, and is built on the
                        concept that following the completion of training, participants are guaranteed employment. Since its inception in 2006, the
                        program has resulted in the successful employment of more than 1,400 First Nations people across our sites.

                        Our Billion Opportunities program forms a critical element of our approach to ensuring economic opportunity and growth for the
                        Traditional Custodians of the regions in which we operate. Since its commencement in 2011, the program has awarded contracts
                        and subcontracts worth more than A$4.9 billion to over 190 First Nations businesses.




For personal use only
                        A major barrier for First Nations businesses is accessing capital. Since 2017, we have partnered with ANZ to offer a funding
                        program that allows eligible First Nations businesses to access finance at a competitive rate. Fortescue acts as guarantor, which
                        removes the need for the First Nations business to provide security. The First Nations business owns the assets during the term
                        of the contract and is then able to use these assets as security in the future. This initiative has already guaranteed A$137 million
                        in funding to 23 First Nations businesses, of which more than A$81 million including interest has been repaid. More than
                        180 mobile assets have been purchased using this funding, including excavators, water carts, graders, prime movers, buses and
                        light vehicles.

                        Respecting heritage and culture
                        We are committed to building and maintaining strong and respectful relationships with the communities upon whose traditional
                        lands our activities take place. We work in partnership with the First Nations people of the land where our projects are located to
                        ensure sites of cultural significance are identified and managed.

                        We sustainably and strategically take meaningful measures to advance reconciliation through the following actions:
                        • established governance framework and dedicated teams focusing on First Nations people
                        • established training and employment programs for First Nations Australians
                        • our Billion Opportunities program and the Buriya Capital Funding program
                        • established stakeholder engagement processes
                        • established native title agreements with seven Pilbara native title holders
                        • ongoing development of co-management models for our Pilbara operations.


                        Human rights
                        We are committed to respecting and promoting the human rights of all people including our employees, the communities
                        in which we operate, those within our supply chains and those who may be impacted by our activities. Our approach to
                        sustainability is founded on a respect for human rights.

                        Our Human Rights Policy outlines our business conduct, which strives to be consistent with the International Bill of Human
                        Rights, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the principles concerning fundamental rights
                        set out in the International Labour Organisation’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. We are also a
                        signatory to the United Nations Global Compact. Our Human Rights Policy is applicable to all Fortescue employees, directors,
                        suppliers, contractors, consultants and other business partners.

                        As our global footprint expands, we will also continue to work with governments to drive awareness of modern slavery and the
                        need for urgent and effective action. In December 2023, we released our sixth modern slavery statement, the fourth required
                        under Australia’s Modern Slavery Act 2018. Our FY23 Modern Slavery Statement is available on our website at
                        www.fortescue.com.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                              6
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        FORTESCUE METALS
                        Operations
                                                                                                                                         Movement
                         Pilbara Hematite (Mt)                                    H1 FY24                     H1 FY23                       %
                        Overburden removed                                           174                         161                          8
                        Ore mined                                                   105                          115                          (8)
                        Ore processed                                                96                          98                           (2)
                        Shipments                                                    95                          97                           (2)
                        Ore sold                                                     95                          97                           (2)

                        Fortescue achieved shipments of 95Mt, the second highest first half in the Company's history. The reduction in shipments
                        compared to H1 FY23 (97Mt) is a result of lower production and processing, combined with increased infrastructure
                        maintenance activities in H1 FY24.




For personal use only
                        Hematite ore mined decreased in H1 FY24 to 105Mt (H1 FY23: 115Mt) while waste mining increased, reflecting an increase to strip
                        ratio (H1 FY24: 1.7x, H1 FY23 1.4x). Mining volumes and strip ratio reflect the lifecycle of existing operations at the Chichester and
                        Western Hub and are consistent with the requirements to support Fortescue’s integration of its operations with its marketing
                        strategy.

                        Hematite ore processed reduced marginally to 96Mt (H1 FY23: 98Mt), reflecting consistent performance and reliability through
                        existing Ore Processing Facilities (OPFs). Fortescue’s hematite operations have a combination of both wet and dry OPFs aligning
                        with the characteristics of the ore bodies.

                        Iron Bridge transitioned to operational production in August 2023 and completed Fortescue’s first shipment of high grade
                        (67% Fe) magnetite product. Iron Bridge reflects the development of innovative and proven technology for the production of
                        magnetite product and enables further diversification of Fortescue products. 6Mt of ore was mined at Iron Bridge in H1 FY24 with
                        total ore shipped of 84kt for H1 FY24 (100 per cent basis). The Iron Bridge operation when operating at full capacity will deliver
                        22Mt per annum of high-grade, low-impurity concentrate. Iron Bridge is an unincorporated joint venture between Fortescue
                        wholly owned subsidiary FMG Magnetite Pty Ltd (69 per cent), and Formosa Steel IB Pty Ltd (31 per cent).

                        Fortescue’s Belinga project in Gabon, through its incorporated joint venture entity, Ivindo Iron SA, loaded its first shipment of iron
                        ore in December 2023, representing the first time Fortescue has exported iron ore from outside of Australia.

                        Sales via Fortescue’s wholly owned Chinese sales entity, FMG Trading Shanghai were 6.8Mt in H1 FY24 (H1 FY23: 9.3Mt sold). This
                        entity allows Fortescue to improve iron ore sales channels through the direct supply of products to Chinese customers in smaller
                        volumes, in Renminbi directly from regional ports.

                        Marketing and Product Strategy
                        Fortescue’s integrated operations and customer-focused marketing strategy underpins the Company’s ongoing strong market
                        penetration, with a product portfolio that meets customer requirements and maximises value. While China remains Fortescue’s
                        core focus, representing more than 50 per cent of global steel production, the Company continues to explore sales to other
                        important markets.

                        Innovation and Technology
                        Fortescue has led the way globally in embracing automation at its operations which both contributes to a safer working
                        environment for our team members and underpins significant productivity and efficiency improvements.

                        The Company continues to look for other opportunities for automation and artificial intelligence to drive greater efficiency across
                        the business, including the use of data to predict outcomes, optimise plans and schedules and improve overall performance, the
                        expansion of autonomy to fixed plant and non-mining equipment and the application of relocatable conveyor technology.

                        Decarbonisation
                        Fortescue released its world leading decarbonisation roadmap in September 2022, which aims to reduce operating costs by
                        eliminating expenditures in diesel, natural gas and carbon offsets. Fortescue is leading the market in terms of its response to
                        customer, community and investor expectations to reduce and eliminate carbon emissions from its operations.

                        Our decarbonisation plan includes the deployment of an additional 2-3 gigawatt (GW) of renewable energy generation and
                        battery storage, in addition to the deployment of a green mining fleet and locomotives.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                            7
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        Key considerations for our pathway to decarbonise include development of technology, future equipment acquisitions and
                        potential regulatory changes. Future changes to Fortescue’s decarbonisation strategy may impact key estimates and changes to
                        asset carrying values in the Group's financial statements.

                        Key milestones achieved during H1 FY24 include:
                        • commissioning of Australia’s first operational electric excavator at Fortescue’s Cloudbreak operation in partnership
                          with Liebherr
                        • construction of a 100 megawatt (MW) solar farm at North Star Junction with commissioning due in mid-2024. North Star will
                          complement the 60MW solar farm commissioned in 2021 as part of the Chichester Solar Gas Hybrid Project
                        • continued progress on our Pilbara Energy Connect project with the completion of 320 kilometres of transmission lines to
                          connect Solomon to Iron Bridge and through to Port Hedland
                        • testing of our battery electric haul truck prototype, Roadrunner, at our Green Energy Hub at Christmas Creek
                        • commenced onsite commissioning of our prototype Offboard Power Unit which successfully powered a retrofitted Liebherr
                          electric excavator utilising hydrogen
                        • completed onsite commissioning of our fast charger prototype and transferred at 3MW into our 240 tonne battery electric




For personal use only
                          haul truck, Roadrunner
                        • completed vessel conversion works on the Green Pioneer, which we showcased at COP28 in Dubai, and are nearing the
                          completion of testing, commissioning and class accreditation
                        • completed validation testing of the KTA50 Marine Engine Land Based Test Spread with DNV Class approval
                        • completed onsite commissioning of our ammonia powered locomotive. Mainline testing is now underway.

                        There are, and there will continue to be, technical challenges related to decarbonisation. As part of addressing these challenges,
                        existing technology will need to be adapted and applied in new ways, and entirely new technology will also need to be developed.
                        Technology availability (including supply chain availability of relevant goods and services) and technology maturity are therefore
                        key issues. These are challenges the team at Fortescue are focused on overcoming, both to deliver on our own real zero
                        ambitions, but also to facilitate the decarbonisation of heavy industry more broadly.

                        More information can be found in our FY23 Climate Change report.

                        Metals Projects
                        BELINGA IRON ORE PROJECT
                        The Belinga Iron Ore project is Fortescue’s first iron ore project outside of Australia. The project is located in northeast Gabon.
                        The deposit sits in the Archean aged rocks of the Congo Craton. The lithology and structure are typical of other greenstone belts
                        that commonly host banded iron formations and itabirites found in other parts of West Africa.

                        Exploration remained the dominant activity for H1 FY24 with a focus on both diamond and reverse circulation drilling programs.
                        The results have continued to show that this project has the potential to be of significant scale and high grade.

                        Early mine development continued including the development of the associated site infrastructure. More than 400 Gabonese
                        (including contractors) have been employed to date with approximately 50 per cent from villages around the project area.

                        The Belinga project made Fortescue history in H1 FY24 with its first shipments through the Gabon Joint Venture Company,
                        Ivindo Iron SA.

                        Ivindo Iron SA is the operating company for the Belinga project, with Fortescue holding a 72 per cent indirect interest in the
                        company.

                        CHRISTMAS CREEK GREEN IRON TRIAL COMMERCIAL PLANT
                        Utilising existing green hydrogen and green electricity from solar generation, hematite ore production capacity and existing
                        infrastructure and technical capacity, an investment of up to US$50 million has been approved to construct a Green Iron Trial
                        Commercial Plant at Christmas Creek. Annual production is expected to be more than 1,500 tonnes, with first production
                        anticipated in 2025.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                         8
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        Critical Minerals and Iron Ore Exploration
                        Fortescue started as an exploration company and we still firmly believe that early stage exploration is the key to unlocking
                        significant value.

                        Fortescue holds the largest tenement portfolio in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The resources in both the Western
                        Hub and Eastern Hamersley include significant amounts of high iron content bedded iron ore, adding dry, low cost tonnes to
                        Fortescue’s product suite.

                        Iron ore exploration activity in the Pilbara during H1 FY24 included resource definition drilling in the Eastern Hamersley with a
                        focus at Mindy South, along with regional exploration programs including Wyloo North in the Western Hub and White Knight
                        which is located west of Cloudbreak. In addition, geometallurgical programs were conducted at Boolgeeda channel iron deposit
                        and Lora in the Western Hub with diamond cores to be studied and processed to understand grade distribution and potential
                        beneficiation of ores.

                        In the critical minerals portfolio, Fortescue is ramping up exploration activities with a key focus on copper, rare earths and
                        lithium.




For personal use only
                        Exploration activity on the Australian copper portfolio included completion of a drilling program at the Canobie Joint Venture
                        in North West Queensland, and works conducted across projects in Western Australia, South Australia and New South Wales in
                        preparation for drilling in H2 FY24.

                        International exploration activities included drilling programs in Argentina, Chile, Brazil and Kazakhstan with another program
                        commencing in Peru, as well as exploration activities over several other project areas in Latin America and the pegging of new
                        tenure in Canada.



                        FORTESCUE ENERGY
                        Fortescue Energy is focused on producing commercial scale green energy and green hydrogen, including derivatives such as
                        green ammonia, to accelerate the global decarbonisation of heavy industry, aviation, shipping and fertilisers. Presently we have
                        numerous green energy and green hydrogen projects under investigation globally, with two green hydrogen projects achieving
                        Final Investment Decision in H1 FY24.

                        Fortescue's Energy comprises the integrated segments of Green Energy, Fortescue WAE, Fortescue Hydrogen Systems and
                        Fortescue Capital.

                        Green Energy
                        Fortescue Energy is committed to producing green electrons and green molecules (including green hydrogen, green ammonia
                        and other green derivatives) from renewable sources, to support global decarbonisation efforts. This involves research and
                        development of the technologies that will support decarbonisation efforts, plus the development of a pipeline of green energy
                        projects.

                        In November 2023, the Fortescue Board approved the Final Investment Decision on the Phoenix Hydrogen Hub Project. This
                        is an 80MW electrolyser and liquefaction facility in Arizona, USA, with production capacity of up to 11,000 tonnes per annum of
                        liquid green hydrogen. Capital expenditure of up to US$550 million was approved, with first production expected in 2026.

                        The Board also selected a number of other projects to be fast-tracked, including:
                        • Pecem, Brazil: A proposed green hydrogen and green ammonia facility at the Port of Pecem, Ceará, currently in the
                          pre-feasibility stage
                        • Holmaneset, Norway: A proposed 300MW green ammonia facility, currently in the feasibility stage, with renewable energy
                          secured via a long-term conditional Power Purchase Agreement with Statkraft. In December 2023, the project was awarded a
                          grant of up to €204 million from the EU Innovation Fund
                        • Project Chui, Kenya: A proposed steam-to-fertiliser facility (up to 300MW) utilising geothermal steam from the Olkaria region
                          in Nakuru county, currently in the pre-feasibility stage. The project is aimed at the production of green fertiliser for domestic
                          use in Kenya, with the Government of Kenya as the proposed off-taker.

                        The proposed green hydrogen and green ammonia project located at Gibson Island, Australia, continues in the Front End
                        Engineering Design stage. Fortescue Energy continues to have discussions with key stakeholders as it works to progress the
                        project.

                        Fortescue Energy completed its development of a green ammonia-capable ship, the Green Pioneer, which sailed from its base
                        in Singapore to Dubai for COP28 in December 2023. Together with leading maritime engineers and innovators, Fortescue has
                        developed the systems, processes and technology needed to safely run the Green Pioneer as a green ammonia dual-fuel ship.

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                             9
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                        Fortescue Hydrogen Systems
                        Fortescue Hydrogen Systems focuses on the development and manufacture of the products needed to produce green hydrogen
                        at scale. The Green Energy Manufacturing facility in Gladstone, Australia, will manufacture Fortescue’s own Proton Exchange
                        Membrane (PEM) electrolysers. The facility has an initial output capacity of 2GW.

                        In November 2023, the Fortescue Board approved the Final Investment Decision on the Gladstone PEM50 Project. This is a
                        two-stage 50MW green hydrogen project, with total capital expenditure of up to US$150 million across both phases. Phase one
                        comprises the installation of a 30MW electrolyser plant, with construction expected to commence in 2024 and first production of
                        green hydrogen anticipated in 2025. Phase two will see the remaining 20MW capacity installed and commissioned in 2028.

                        The plant will be constructed adjacent to the Green Energy Manufacturing facility in Gladstone. The 50MW plant has production
                        capacity of up to 22 tonnes per day or 8,000 tonnes per annum of green hydrogen.

                        Fortescue WAE
                        Fortescue WAE is expanding its battery manufacturing capabilities by developing the technology needed to deliver high




For personal use only
                        performance battery systems to power Fortescue’s mining and rail fleet.

                        In the UK, Fortescue WAE is expanding its operations with two new facilities located in Kidlington and Banbury. The Kidlington
                        facility is focused on prototype development of power systems for multiple green mobility applications. The Banbury facility is
                        focused on manufacturing heavy industry, zero-emission battery modules and fully assembled power systems.

                        In November 2023, Fortescue announced its plans to expand its global manufacturing capabilities by investing US$35 million
                        to kickstart a US Advanced Manufacturing Centre in Michigan, USA. The facility is intended to become a major hub, initially
                        focusing on the production of automotive and heavy industry batteries and fast chargers.

                        Fortescue Capital
                        Launched in November 2023, Fortescue Capital is a green energy investment accelerator platform, which is an integral next step
                        in Fortescue’s commitment to deliver green energy projects and decarbonisation investments.

                        Fortescue Capital is being developed as a fiduciary for third-party capital, seeking investors to support the global pipeline of
                        green hydrogen and green ammonia projects and the decarbonisation projects for Fortescue’s Pilbara operations.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                          10
                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS
                        Financial performance
                        During the half year ended 31 December 2023, Fortescue delivered a net profit after tax of US$3,337 million attributable to
                        the equity holders of the Company and earnings per share of 108 US cents. The financial results reflects the performance
                        of the Metals segment with hematite shipments of 95Mt, the second highest first half for Fortescue, combined with both an
                        increase in the Platts 62% CFR index and a consistently high price realisation at 89%. Favourable Australian dollar to US dollar
                        exchange rates have partially offset increasing costs associated with strip ratios and inflationary pressures. The solid operating
                        performance and continued focus on productivity and efficiency have supported the underlying EBITDA margin strength.

                        Financial performance during the half year ended 31 December 2023:




For personal use only
                            Key metrics                                                                                                        H1 FY24                    H1 FY23
                            Revenue, US$ millions                                                                                                9,512                      7,835
                            Underlying EBITDA¹, US$ millions                                                                                     5,912                     4,352
                            Net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                                  3,334                      2,368
                                Attributable to Equity holders of the Company                                                                   3,337                      2,368
                                Attributable to Non-controlling interest                                                                            (3)                           -
                            Earnings per share, US cents                                                                                           108                          77
                            Earnings per share, AUD cents             2
                                                                                                                                                   166                          115


                            Key ratios
                            Underlying EBITDA margin, %                                                                                             62                          56
                            Return on equity , %  3
                                                                                                                                                    35                          35

                        1
                            Refer to page 14 for the reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements under Australian Accounting Standards.
                        2
                            Australian dollar earnings per share is calculated by translating the US dollar earnings per share at the average exchange rate for the period of
                            AUD:USD 0.65 (H1 FY23: AUD:USD 0.67).
                        3
                            Return on Equity has been calculated based on an underlying basis, removing the impact of the impairment expense of US$1,037 million (pre tax) in FY23.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                         11
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Segment reporting
                        Fortescue’s operating segments are:
                        • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, and the exploration for other
                          minerals
                        • Energy: Undertaking activities in the global development of green electricity, green hydrogen, green ammonia projects, as well
                          as green technology development and manufacturing.

                        The composition of the operating segments has been modified following the changes in management responsibilities during
                        the financial year ended 30 June 2023. The Energy segment now includes WAE Technologies Ltd (formerly Williams Advanced
                        Engineering Ltd) which was previously included in the Metals segment. Accordingly, the comparative period 31 December 2022
                        below has been restated to reflect the change in segment structure.

                        Corporate includes cash, debt and tax balances which are managed at a group level, together with other corporate activities.
                        Corporate is not considered an operating segment and includes activities that are not allocated to other operating segments.

                        The consolidated Metals and Energy results for the half year ended 31 December 2023 are provided below and further reported




For personal use only
                        on page 26 in the financial report.



                                                                              Metals                Energy                Corporate           Consolidated
                            US$m                           Note1      H1 FY24     H1 FY23      H1 FY24   H1 FY23       H1 FY24   H1 FY23    H1 FY24     H1 FY23
                            Revenue                           3         9,486          7,781      26         54            –           –     9,512       7,835

                            Underlying EBITDA                           6,285          4,617    (320)     (302)          (53)         37     5,912       4,352




                        CONSOLIDATED PERFORMANCE

                        Revenue
                                                                                                              Note1              H1 FY24             H1 FY23

                            Total iron ore revenue, US$ millions                                                   3              8,710               7,022
                            Total shipping revenue, US$ millions                                                   3                730                 715
                            Manufacturing and engineering services revenue, US$ millions                           3                  26                53
                            Other revenue, US$ millions                                                            3                  46                45
                            Operating sales revenue, US$ millions                                                                 9,512               7,835


                            Hematite sales performance
                            Shipments - Pilbara Hematite, million wmt                                                                 95                97
                            Ore sold - Pilbara Hematite, million wmt                                                                  95                97
                            Average Platts 62% CFR index, US$/dmt                                                                     121               101
                            Average realised price Pilbara Hematite, US$/dmt                                                          108               87
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                 12
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Fortescue’s shipments for the half year ended 31 December 2023 were 2Mt below H1 FY23 at 95Mt (H1 FY23: 97Mt), representing
                        the second highest first half shipments for Fortescue. Operating sales revenue for H1 FY24 increased to US$9,512 million
                        (H1 FY23: US$7,835 million) and predominantly reflects a 24 per cent increase in realised price to US$108/dry metric tonne (dmt)
                        (H1 FY23: US$87/dmt). The Platts 62% CFR index averaged US$121/dmt in H1 FY24, which is an increase of 20 per cent over the
                        prior year (H1 FY23: US$101/dmt).

                        Key factors influencing realised prices in H1 FY24 include:
                        • strong demand for Fortescue products with inventory levels at ports in China remaining low
                        • sustained low steel margins in China which supported demand for Fortescue products from steelmakers
                        • robust steel production in China despite weak real estate sector metrics, with relatively low visible steel inventory
                        • limited scrap availability in China which supported demand for iron ore
                        • actual and anticipated Government policy support in China intended to support economic growth in CY23 and CY24.

                        Manufacturing revenue reflects activities within Fortescue WAE which are external to the Group. Other revenue includes towage
                        services provided by Fortescue.




For personal use only
                        Production costs
                        The reconciliation of C1 costs and total delivered costs to customers to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements
                        under Australian Accounting Standards is set out below.

                                                                                                                               Note1                  H1 FY24                 H1 FY23
                            Mining and processing costs, US$ millions                                                             3                     1,459                   1,428
                            Rail costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                        141                     137
                            Port costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                       150                      125
                            Production costs2, US$ million                                                                                              1,750                   1,690
                            Ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                          95                       97
                            Hematite C1 costs, US$/wmt                                                                                                  17.77                   17.43
                            Shipping costs, US$ millions                                                                          3                      686                      792
                            Government royalty , US$ millions
                                                     3
                                                                                                                                  3                       641                     548
                            Shipping and royalty, US$ millions                                                                                          1,327                   1,340
                            Ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                          95                       97
                            Shipping and royalty, US$/wmt                                                                                                   14                      14
                            Total delivered cost, US$/wmt                                                                                                  32                       31
                            Total delivered cost, US$/dmt                                                                                                  35                      34
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.
                        2
                            Production costs include the operating costs for both Iron Bridge and the Belinga Iron Ore Project (US$57 million), these costs are not included in the
                            calculation of hematite C1 costs.
                        3
                            Fortescue pays 7.5 per cent government royalty for the majority of its iron ore products, with a concession rate of five per cent applicable to beneficiated fines.


                        Hematite C1 costs averaged US$17.77/wmt for the half year, two per cent higher compared to the prior comparable period
                        (H1 FY23: US$17.43/wmt). The increase in C1 costs reflects market inflationary pressures, including labour cost pressures due to
                        significant demand for skilled labour across the resources industry. The strip ratio increased to 1.7x in H1 FY24 from 1.4x in
                        H1 FY23. These cost pressures were partially offset through favourable Australian dollar to US dollar exchange rates averaging
                        0.65 in H1 FY24 compared to 0.67 in H1 FY23.

                        Over the period, shipping costs were volatile seeing a 51 per cent range between the highest and lowest prices. Shipping costs
                        have reduced from US$792 million in H1 FY23 to US$686 million in H1 FY24, reflecting a reduction in shipped volumes and
                        timing impacts.

                        Fortescue has actively managed cost increases throughout the cycle whilst also utilising capacity in the value chain to generate
                        consistent shipments. Cost management will continue to be a focus, however inflationary pressures remain a risk.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                             13
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Research expenditure
                        Research expenditure decreased from US$280 million in H1 FY23 to US$224 million in H1 FY24. Research expenditure reflects
                        research specific activities within Fortescue Energy in the development of green energy projects and technology. Total Fortescue
                        Energy EBITDA was a US$320 million loss in H1 FY24.

                        Underlying EBITDA
                        Underlying EBITDA, defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration, development and other
                        expenses, is used as a key measure of the Company’s financial performance. During H1 FY24, Fortescue’s operations generated
                        Underlying EBITDA of US$5,912 million (H1 FY23: US$4,352 million). The reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the financial
                        metrics reported in the financial statements under Australian Accounting Standards is presented below.

                                                                                                                     H1 FY24             H1 FY23
                                                                                                    Note1             US$m                US$m
                            Operating sales revenue                                                    3               9,512               7,835




For personal use only
                            Cost of sales excluding depreciation and amortisation                      3              (3,174)             (3,110)
                            Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                           3                (43)                  35
                            Administration expenses                                                    3               (186)               (140)
                            Research expenditure                                                       3               (224)               (280)
                            Other income                                                               3                  36                  16
                            Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                               (9)                (4)
                            Underlying EBITDA                                                                          5,912              4,352
                            Finance income                                                             3                  97                  61
                            Finance expenses                                                           3               (186)                (116)
                            Depreciation and amortisation                                              3               (922)               (859)
                            Exploration, development and other expenses                                3                 (41)               (40)
                            Income tax expense                                                                        (1,526)            (1,030)
                            Net profit after tax                                                                       3,334              2,368
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.

                        The Underlying EBITDA of US$5.9 billion for H1 FY24 represents a margin of 62 per cent (66 per cent for the Metals segment)
                        and a 36 per cent increase from H1 FY23, reflecting higher revenue within the Metals segment as discussed above.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                     14
                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                                  FINANCIAL RESULTS

                                                                                                 H1 FY24 vs H1 FY23 NPAT (US$m)

                                                                                                                   EBITDA Breakdown


                                                                                                       1,835        93
                                                                                                                              78        46                        56                    27
                                                 1,560                                                                                                                                            34                    64                            496


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   3,334




                                   2,368                     90
                                                                      89        92




For personal use only
                                                                                Shipping Cost
                                                             Volume   C1 Cost



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Net Financing Costs
                                                                                                        Price




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Depreciation and Other
                                                  EBITDA
                                                                                                                                                                                        Other

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Income Tax




                                                                                                                                        Administration Expenses
                                                                                                                                                                  Research Expenses
                                    H1 FY23                                                                         Royalty   Fx Loss                                                                                                                               H1 FY24




                                  As illustrated in the chart below, Fortescue has maintained strong Underlying EBITDA margins through market cycles,
                                  demonstrating the commitment to and focus on productivity, efficiency and innovation.




                                                                                         Metals Underlying EBITDA (US$/dmt)

                                   160
                                   140


                        US$/dmt
                                   120
                                   100
                                   80
                                   60
                                                                                                99
                                   40
                                                                                                                                  63                                                  60                                                         73
                                   20
                                                            52


                                                           FY20                                 FY21                          FY22                                                    FY23                                                   H1 FY24


                                              Underlying EBITDA                                                 62 Platts CFR Index                                                             Avg Fortescue realised price
                                                                                                                Fortescue realised price                                                        Avg Underlying EBITDA




                                  FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                                                                                                   15
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Depreciation, interest and tax
                        Key non-operating matters forming part of the financial result include:
                        • depreciation and amortisation of US$922 million is seven per cent higher than the prior comparable period
                          (H1 FY23: US$859 million) reflecting the commissioning of assets including Iron Bridge in H1 FY24
                        • net interest expenses of US$52 million for H1 FY24 (US$40 million in H1 FY23)
                        • income tax expense for H1 FY24 of US$1,526 million represents an effective tax rate of 31 per cent (H1 FY23: US$1,030 million,
                          effective tax rate of 30 per cent). The increase in income tax is in line with financial performance.



                        Financial Position and Capital Management

                        Debt and Liquidity                                                                             31 December           30 June
                                                                                                                           2023               2023
                            Key metrics                                                                 Note1              US$m               US$m




For personal use only
                            Borrowings                                                                    4                4,583              4,587
                            Lease liabilities                                                             4                  735                734
                            Total debt                                                                                     5,318               5,321
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      4,749              4,287
                            Net debt                                                                                         569              1,034
                            Equity                                                                                        19,403             17,998


                            Key ratios                                                                                       %                  %
                            Gearing                                                                                          22                 23
                            Net gearing                                                                                      3                   5
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.



                        Debt
                        Fortescue’s balance sheet is structured on low-cost debt which is at investment grade terms. The debt capital structure allows
                        optionality and flexibility to fund future growth. Total debt at 31 December 2023 was US$5,318 million, inclusive of
                        US$735 million of lease liabilities. Gross gearing at 31 December 2023 was 22 per cent (30 June 2023: 23 per cent).

                        Revolving credit facility
                        The US$1,025 million revolving credit facility has a maturity date of July 2025, and remained undrawn at 31 December 2023 and
                        30 June 2023. If drawn, interest accrues based on a variable rate linked to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a fixed
                        margin and is payable at the end of the interest period selected (either one, two, three or six months), with the principal due at
                        maturity.

                        Syndicated term loans
                        The syndicated term loan matures in June 2026, and as at 31 December 2023 had a carrying value of US$968 million (30 June
                        2023: US$975 million) with a coupon rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin. The facility has principal repayment of one per cent
                        per annum with early repayment of the facility at Fortescue’s option without penalty.

                        An additional syndicated term loan facility was executed in December 2022 to the value of US$500 million, being available to
                        draw until December 2023. As at 31 December 2023, the additional syndicated term loan facility remained undrawn and has
                        lapsed.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                        16
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Senior Unsecured and Green Notes
                        Senior Unsecured Notes and Green notes had a carrying value of US$3.6 billion at 31 December 2023. The US$800 million Green
                        notes are applied to Eligible Green Projects pursuant to Fortescue’s Sustainability Financing Framework.

                        The Company’s debt maturity profile at 31 December 2023 is set out in the table below. Fortescue has no financial maintenance
                        covenants across all instruments.


                                                                                       Debt maturity profile (US$m)

                                                                                                                                             1,500




                                                                      968
                                                                                                                                                           800




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                700
                                                                                             600




                                     FY24           FY25          FY26          FY27           FY28          FY29          FY30           FY31          FY32     FY33

                                                     Senior unsecured notes                  Syndicated term loan              Green senior unsecured note




                        Liquidity
                        At 31 December 2023, Fortescue had US$5,774 million of liquidity available including US$4,749 million of cash on hand and
                        US$1,025 million available under the revolving credit facility.


                                                                                                                                                      H1 FY24           H1 FY23
                            Cash flows                                                                                                                 US$m              US$m
                            Cash generated from operations                                                                                             5,585             4,065
                            Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                   4,170             2,948
                            Capital expenditure (including joint operations)             1
                                                                                                                                                      (1,523)           (1,375)
                            Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                  (1,515)           (1,366)
                            Free cash flow2                                                                                                            2,655              1,582
                        1
                            Capital expenditure comprises of payments for property, plant and equipment and purchases of financial assets offset by minority interest contributions.
                        2
                            Free cash flow is calculated as net cash flows from operating activities less net cash flows from investing activities.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                      17
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Cash generated from operations of US$5,585 million was 37 per cent higher than the prior period, largely as a result of higher
                        Underlying EBITDA.

                        Net cash flows from operations include net interest payments of US$68 million (H1 FY23: US$111 million) and income tax paid of
                        US$1,347 million (H1 FY23: US$1,006 million).

                        Capital expenditure including joint operations and Fortescue Energy investments was US$1,523 million for the half year
                        (H1 FY23: US$1,375 million). Capital expenditure throughout the period consisted of:
                        • sustaining capital expenditure, including maintenance on existing plant and acquisition of replacement Heavy Mobile
                          Equipment (HME)
                        • growth, reflecting the residual expenditure on the Iron Bridge project and expenditure on Pilbara Energy Connect (PEC)
                        • domestic and international exploration, including exploration activities in Gabon
                        • acquisition of infrastructure and purchase of strategic investments within Fortescue Energy.




For personal use only
                        Dividends and shareholder returns
                        In September 2023, Fortescue paid a fully franked final dividend of 100 Australian cents per share for the financial year ended
                        30 June 2023.

                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023, Fortescue generated earnings of 108 US cents per share (H1 FY23: 77 US cents per
                        share). On 22 February 2024, the Directors declared a fully franked final dividend of 108 Australian cents per share for the half
                        year ended 31 December 2023 representing a payout ratio of 65 per cent of net profit after tax, in line with the Company’s policy
                        of maintaining a payout ratio of between 50 and 80 per cent.

                                                                                                                                                    H1 FY24                  H1 FY23
                            Attributable net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                           3,337                      2,368
                            Basic earnings per share, US cents per share                                                                               108                        77
                            Basic earnings per share, AUD cents per share¹                                                                             166                        115
                            Interim dividend, AUD cents per share                                                                                      108                        75
                            Dividend payout ratio, %                                                                                                    65                        65
                        1
                            Australian dollar earnings per share is calculated by translating the US dollar earnings per share at the average exchange rate for the period of
                             AUD:USD 0.65 (H1 FY23: AUD:USD 0.67).




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                        18
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS




                                                                  Dividends declared and payout ratios



                                                                                                        78%              80%
                                                                                                                  77%              75%
                                                                                                                                           65%     65%
                                                                                             62%

                                                                                   52%
                                                                                                                         3.58
                                                               38%      36%


                           21%                        21%




For personal use only
                                     17%     16%                                                                                  2.07
                                                                                                                  1.76                    1.75
                                                                                   0.45                  1.14                                     1.08
                           0.07      0.08    0.10     0.20                0.15                0.23
                                                               0.05

                           FY11     FY12     FY13     FY14     FY15      FY16      FY17       FY18      FY19      FY20   FY21     FY22    FY23   H1 FY24


                                                       Dividend, A$/share - paid         Dividend, A$/share - declared     Payout ratio



                        Share buy-back scheme
                        In 2018, Fortescue announced the establishment of an on-market share buy-back program of up to A$500 million which was
                        extended in October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is determined
                        periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting shares
                        within the span of any twelve-month period.

                        Fortescue retains the option to undertake an on-market share buyback. During H1 FY24, Fortescue acquired none of its own
                        shares on market under the share buy-back program.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                        19
For personal use only
                                                               For the half year ended
                                                                 31 December 2023




                                                       FINANCIAL
                                                      STATEMENTS
                                                                                 Fortescue Ltd
                                                                              ABN 57 002 594 872




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023   20
                        CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                      31 December   31 December
                                                                                                                          2023          2022
                                                                                                               Note       US$m          US$m
                         Operating sales revenue                                                                3         9,512         7,835
                         Cost of sales                                                                          3       (4,067)        (3,941)
                         Gross profit                                                                                    5,445         3,894
                         Other income                                                                           3            36               51
                         Other expenses                                                                         3         (523)         (488)
                         Operating profit                                                                                4,958          3,457
                         Finance income                                                                         3            97               61
                         Finance expenses                                                                       3         (186)          (116)




For personal use only
                         Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                                     (9)           (4)
                         Profit before tax                                                                               4,860          3,398
                         Income tax expense                                                                              (1,526)       (1,030)
                         Net profit after tax                                                                            3,334          2,368
                         Net profit is attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                                    3,337         2,368
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                            (3)              –
                         Net profit after tax                                                                            3,334          2,368


                                                                                                                         Cents         Cents

                         Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company:

                         Basic earnings per share                                                                         108.5          77.0
                         Diluted earnings per share                                                                       108.3          76.8



                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                      31 December   31 December
                                                                                                                          2023          2022
                                                                                                                          US$m          US$m

                         Net profit after tax                                                                            3,334        2,368
                         Other comprehensive income
                         Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax:
                         Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                           12          32
                         Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
                         net of tax:
                         Gain on investments taken to equity                                                                 15           –
                         Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                              27         32
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                            3,361      2,400
                         Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                                    3,364       2,400
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                            (3)          –
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                            3,361      2,400
                         The above consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in
                         conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                  21
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        At 31 December 2023

                                                                                                                  31 December           30 June
                                                                                                                      2023               2023
                                                                                                      Note            US$m               US$m
                         ASSETS
                         Current assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      4,749                4,287
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                     863                  520
                         Inventories                                                                                    1,310                1,189
                         Other current assets                                                                             129                  89
                         Total current assets                                                                           7,051               6,085
                         Non-current assets
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                       15                   16
                         Inventories                                                                                      414                 458




For personal use only
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                21,680                20,974
                         Intangible assets                                                                                311                 299
                         Investments accounted for using the equity method                                               265                  260
                         Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                92                   77
                         Other non-current assets                                                                          57                  49
                         Total non-current assets                                                                     22,834                22,133
                         Total assets                                                                                 29,885                28,218

                         LIABILITIES
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                                                       1,394                1,482
                         Borrowings and lease liabilities                                               4                 164                  165
                         Provisions                                                                                      363                  445
                         Deferred income                                                                                  119                   71
                         Current tax payable                                                                             443                  304
                         Total current liabilities                                                                     2,483                2,467
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Borrowings and lease liabilities                                               4               5,154                5,156
                         Provisions                                                                                     1,200                1,063
                         Deferred income                                                                                  64                   28
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       1,581                1,506
                         Total non-current liabilities                                                                 7,999                 7,753
                         Total liabilities                                                                            10,482                10,220
                         Net assets                                                                                   19,403                17,998

                         EQUITY
                         Contributed equity                                                             5               1,076                1,044
                         Reserves                                                                                         160                  170
                         Retained earnings                                                                             18,137               16,775
                         Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                         19,373                17,989
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                         30                    9
                         Total equity                                                                                 19,403                17,998

                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                    22
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                                     US$m               US$m

                         Cash flows from operating activities

                         Cash receipts from customers                                                                  9,221            7,663

                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                         (3,636)           (3,598)

                         Cash generated from operations                                                               5,585             4,065

                         Interest received                                                                               100               54

                         Interest paid                                                                                 (168)             (165)

                         Income tax paid                                                                              (1,347)          (1,006)

                         Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                     4,170           2,948

                         Cash flows from investing activities




For personal use only
                         Payments for property, plant and equipment - Fortescue                                       (1,315)           (827)

                         Payments for property, plant and equipment - joint operations                                 (194)            (538)

                         Proceeds from disposal of plant and equipment                                                     8                9

                         Payments of deposits                                                                             (9)               –

                         Payment for acquisition of equity accounted investments                                         (15)               –

                         Receipt of contributions from non-controlling interest                                           10                3

                         Other investing activities                                                                        –              (13)

                         Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                   (1,515)          (1,366)

                         Cash flows from financing activities

                         Repayment of borrowings                                                                         (10)             (10)

                         Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                 (67)              (60)

                         Finance costs paid                                                                              (17)             (13)

                         Dividends paid                                                                              (1,965)           (2,378)

                         Purchase of shares by employee share trust                                                    (142)             (151)

                         Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                  (2,201)           (2,612)

                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                           454            (1,030)

                         Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                     4,287             5,224

                         Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                     8             (193)

                         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                           4,749             4,001

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                 23
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                  Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company:

                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                                                  Contributed                  Retained             controlling    Total
                                                                                    equity          Reserves   earnings    Total     interest     equity
                                                                                    US$m             US$m       US$m       US$m       US$m        US$m
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                      1,053            109      16,175     17,337          8       17,345
                         Net profit after tax                                            –               –      2,368     2,368           –        2,368
                         Other comprehensive income                                      –              32          –         32          –           32
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax           –              32     2,368      2,400            –      2,400
                         Transactions with owners:

                         Purchase of shares under employee share plans                (151)              –          –       (151)         –         (151)




For personal use only
                         Employee share awards vested                                  142           (142)          –          –          –            –
                         Equity settled share-based payment transactions                 –             131          –        131          –          131
                         Acquisition of non-controlling interest                         –               –          –          –         (8)          (8)
                         Contributions from non-controlling interests                    –               –          –          –          3            3
                         Dividends declared                                              –               –     (2,591)    (2,591)         –       (2,591)
                         Balance at 31 December 2022                                 1,044            130      15,952     17,126          3       17,129


                         Balance at 1 July 2023                                      1,044            170      16,775     17,989          9       17,998
                         Net profit after tax                                            –               –      3,337      3,337         (3)       3,334
                         Other comprehensive income                                      –              27          –         27          –           27
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax           –              27      3,337     3,364          (3)       3,361
                         Transactions with owners:

                         Purchase of shares under employee share plans                (142)              –          –      (142)          –        (142)
                         Employee share awards vested                                  174            (174)         –          –          –            –
                         Equity settled share-based payment transactions                 –             137          –        137          –          137
                         Contributions from non-controlling interests                    –               –          –          –         24           24
                         Dividends declared                                              –               –     (1,975)    (1,975)         –       (1,975)
                         Balance at 31 December 2023                                 1,076            160      18,137     19,373         30       19,403

                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                       24
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023




                        BASIS OF PREPARATION

                        1 Basis of preparation
                        The financial statements cover the consolidated group comprising Fortescue Ltd (formerly Fortescue Metals Group Ltd; the
                        Company) and its subsidiaries, together referred to as Fortescue or the Group. The Company is a for-profit company limited by
                        shares and incorporated in Australia, whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.




For personal use only
                        (a) Statement of compliance
                        These general purpose consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with AASB 134,
                        Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001.

                        The financial statements do not include all of the information required for full annual financial statements, and should be read
                        in conjunction with the annual financial report for the year ended 30 June 2023, and any public announcements made by the
                        Company during the half year ended 31 December 2023 in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

                        The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 22 February 2024.

                        The financial statements are presented in United States dollars. All amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to the
                        nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

                        (b) Material accounting policies
                        The accounting policies applied in these financial statements are consistent with those applied by the Group in the 30 June 2023
                        consolidated financial statements, except for the estimation of income tax (see note 7) and the adoption of new and amended
                        standards that became applicable for the current reporting period. The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or
                        make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these amended standards.

                        Certain new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the
                        31 December 2023 interim reporting period and have not been applied in these financial statements. The Group is currently
                        assessing the impact of these new standards and amendments on future financial statements.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                          25
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

                        2 Segment information
                        Fortescue’s chief operating decision-makers are identified as the Chief Executive Officer of Fortescue Metals and the Chief
                        Executive Officer of Fortescue Energy, and its segments are identified based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used
                        by the Chief Executive Officers in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources. The following operating
                        segments have been identified:
                        • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, and the exploration for other
                          minerals.
                        • Energy: Undertaking activities in the global development of green electricity, green hydrogen, green ammonia projects, as well
                          as green technology development and manufacturing.

                        The composition of the operating segments has been modified following the changes in management responsibilities in the
                        financial year ended 30 June 2023. The Energy segment now includes WAE Technologies Ltd which was previously included in




For personal use only
                        the Metals segment. Accordingly, the comparative period 31 December 2022 in (a) below has been restated to reflect the change
                        in segment structure.

                        Corporate includes cash, debt and tax balances which are managed at a Group level, together with other corporate activities.
                        Corporate is not considered to be an operating segment and includes activities that are not allocated to other operating
                        segments.

                        Transfer prices between segments are set on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties. Where
                        segment revenue, expenses and results include transfers between segments, those transfers are eliminated on consolidation.

                        (a) Underlying EBITDA
                        Fortescue uses Underlying EBITDA defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration,
                        development and other expenses, as a key measure of its financial performance. The reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the
                        net profit after tax is presented below. The segment information is prepared in conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.


                                                              Metals                   Energy                  Corporate               Consolidated

                                                     December December December December December December December December
                                                       2023     2022     2023     2022     2023     2022     2023     2022
                                                Note   US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m
                         Revenue from
                                                 3        9,486         7,781         26            54           –           –         9,512       7,835
                         external customers

                         Underlying EBITDA               6,285         4,617       (320)        (302)         (53)          37         5,912      4,352


                         Depreciation and
                                                 3                                                                                      (922)       (859)
                         amortisation

                         Finance income          3                                                                                         97             61
                         Finance expense         3                                                                                       (186)        (116)

                         Exploration,
                         development             3                                                                                        (41)         (40)
                         and other

                         Income tax expense                                                                                            (1,526)     (1,030)

                         Net profit after tax                                                                                           3,334       2,368




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                         26
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023


                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED)

                        2 Segment information (continued)
                        (b) Segment assets



                                                        Metals                    Energy                   Corporate                 Consolidated

                                               December        June       December       June       December        June         December      June
                                                 2023          2023         2023         2023         2023          2023           2023        2023
                                                 US$m          US$m         US$m         US$m         US$m          US$m           US$m        US$m
                         Segment assets           23,735         22,748       1,028          819         5,122         4,651       29,885       28,218


                        (c) Geographical information




For personal use only
                        Fortescue operates predominantly in the geographical location of Australia, and this is the location of the vast majority of the
                        Group’s assets. In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical
                        location of customers.

                                                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                                         US$m               US$m
                         Revenue from external customers
                         China                                                                                          8,409               7,014
                         Other                                                                                           1,103               821
                                                                                                                        9,512               7,835




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                     27
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023


                        FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED)

                        3 Revenue and expenses

                                                                                                                                31 December 2023               31 December 2022
                                                                                                                                      US$m                           US$m
                             Iron ore revenue                                                                                                 8,477                           7,109
                             Provisional pricing adjustments - iron ore                                                                         233                            (87)
                             Total iron ore revenue        1
                                                                                                                                              8,710                          7,022
                             Shipping revenue                                                                                                   664                             757
                             Provisional pricing adjustments - shipping revenue                                                                   66                            (42)
                             Total shipping revenue1                                                                                            730                             715
                             Manufacturing and engineering services revenue²                                                                      26                             53
                             Other revenue                                                                                                        46                             45




For personal use only
                                                3


                             Operating sales revenue                                                                                          9,512                          7,835
                             Mining and processing costs                                                                                     (1,459)                        (1,428)
                             Rail costs                                                                                                         (141)                         (137)
                             Port costs                                                                                                        (150)                          (125)
                             Shipping costs                                                                                                    (686)                          (792)
                             Government royalty                                                                                                (641)                          (548)
                             Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                     (893)                          (831)
                             Manufacturing and engineering services costs                                                                        (38)                          (56)
                             Other operating expenses                                                                                           (59)                            (24)
                             Cost of sales                                                                                                 (4,067)                         (3,941)
                             Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                              –                            35
                             Fair value change in financial instruments                                                                             5                             16
                             Other                                                                                                                 31                              –
                             Other income                                                                                                         36                              51
                             Administration expenses                                                                                           (186)                          (140)
                             Research expenditure                                                                                              (224)                          (280)
                             Exploration, development and other                                                                                  (41)                          (40)
                             Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                      (29)                           (28)
                             Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                          (43)                               –
                             Other expenses                                                                                                   (523)                          (488)
                             Interest income                                                                                                      97                              61
                             Finance income                                                                                                       97                              61
                             Interest expense on borrowings and lease liabilities                                                              (149)                           (101)
                             Other                                                                                                              (37)                            (15)
                             Finance expenses                                                                                                  (186)                          (116)
                        1
                             Certain sales contracts are provisionally priced at the initial revenue recognition (bill of lading) date, with the final settlement price based on a
                             pre-determined quotation period. Operating sales revenue from these contracts comprises two parts:
                             (i) Iron ore revenue and shipping revenue recognised at the bill of lading date at current prices; and
                             (ii) Provisional pricing adjustments which represent any difference between the revenue recognised at the bill of lading date and the final settlement price.
                             Shipping revenue and the provisional pricing adjustments to shipping revenue are recognised over the period during which the shipping service has been
                             provided.
                        ² Manufacturing and engineering services revenue are revenue earned from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised when control of the goods or
                          services are transferred to the customer (over time or at a point in time) at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group is entitled in
                          exchange for those goods or services.
                        ³ Other revenue includes towage services provided by Fortescue which is recognised as performed.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                                                        28
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                        4 Borrowings and lease liabilities
                                                                                                                          31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                              2023                2023
                                                                                                                              US$m                US$m
                         Senior unsecured notes                                                                                 36                  36
                         Green senior unsecured notes                                                                            14                  14
                         Syndicated term loan                                                                                    10                   9
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                     104                 106
                         Total current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                        164                 165
                         Senior unsecured notes                                                                               2,776               2,774




For personal use only
                         Green senior unsecured notes                                                                          789                 788
                         Syndicated term loan                                                                                  958                 966
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                      631                628
                         Total non-current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                   5,154               5,156
                         Total borrowings and lease liabilities                                                              5,318                5,321


                        Senior unsecured notes and Green senior unsecured notes
                        Fortescue’s listed debt instruments are classified as level 1 financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy with their fair values
                        based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The senior unsecured notes had a fair value of US$2,630
                        million at 31 December 2023 (30 June 2023: US$2,504 million) and the Green senior unsecured notes a value of US$802 million
                        (30 June 2023: US$760 million). The carrying values of other financial assets and liabilities approximate their fair values.

                        Revolving credit facility
                        The US$1,025 million revolving credit facility has a maturity date of 28 July 2025, which remained undrawn at 31 December 2023
                        and 30 June 2023. If drawn, interest accrues based on a variable rate linked to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a
                        fixed margin and is payable at the end of the interest period selected (either one, two, three or six months), with the principal due
                        at maturity.

                        Syndicated term loans
                        The syndicated term loan matures in June 2026, and as at 31 December 2023 had a carrying value of US$968 million
                        (30 June 2023: US$975 million) with a coupon rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin. The facility has principal repayment of
                        1 per cent per annum with early repayment of the facility at Fortescue’s option without penalty.

                        An additional syndicated term loan facility was executed in December 2022 to the value of US$500 million, being available to
                        draw until December 2023. As at 31 December 2023, the additional syndicated term loan facility remained undrawn and has
                        lapsed.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                            29
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                        5 Contributed equity
                        (a) Share capital


                                                               Issued          Treasury       Contributed        Issued      Treasury     Contributed
                                                               shares           shares          equity           shares       shares        equity
                                                              Number           Number           Number           US$m         US$m           US$m
                         At 1 July 2022                     3,078,964,918     (2,425,286)     3,076,539,632       1,195         (142)            1,053
                         Purchase of shares under
                                                                         –    (12,941,756)       (12,941,756)        –           (151)            (151)
                         employee share plans




For personal use only
                         Employee share awards vested                    –     12,288,513           12,288,513       –            142              142

                         At 30 June 2023                   3,078,964,918     (3,078,529)     3,075,886,389        1,195         (151)            1,044
                         Purchase of shares under
                                                                         –    (10,854,167)      (10,854,167)         –          (142)             (142)
                         employee share plans

                         Employee share awards vested                    –    10,940,152            10,940,152       –           174               174

                         At 31 December 2023               3,078,964,918     (2,992,544)     3,075,972,374        1,195         (119)            1,076


                        (b) Issued shares
                        Issued shares are fully paid and entitle the holders to one vote per share and the rights to participate in dividends.
                        Ordinary shares participate in the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.

                        (c) Treasury shares
                        Movements in treasury shares represent acquisition of the Company’s shares on market and allocation of shares to the
                        Company’s employees from the vesting of awards and exercise of rights under the employee share-based payment plans.

                        (d) Share buy-back program
                        During the period, the Company acquired none of its own shares on market under the share buy-back program which was
                        extended on 10 October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is
                        determined periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting
                        shares within the span of any 12 month period.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                         30
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                        6 Dividends
                        (a) Dividends paid during the half year
                                                                                                                         31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                                             US$m                US$m
                         Final fully franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023:
                                                                                                                              1,975               2,591
                         A$1.00 per share (30 June 2022: A$1.21 per share)

                        (b) Dividends declared and not recognised as a liability
                                                                                                                         31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                             2023                2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             US$m                US$m

                         Interim fully franked dividend for the half year ended 31 December 2023:
                                                                                                                              2,183               1,608
                         A$1.08 per share (31 December 2022: A$0.75 per share)




                        TAXATION

                        7 Income tax
                        Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average effective annual income tax rate
                        expected for the full financial year. The estimated average annual tax rate used for the six months ended 31 December 2023 is
                        31.4%, compared to 30.3% for the six months ended 31 December 2022. The tax rate is higher in 2023 due to foreign tax losses in
                        respect of which no deferred tax asset has been recognised. The Group recognises the benefit of tax losses only to the extent of
                        foreseeable future taxable income or gains in relevant jurisdictions.



                        UNRECOGNISED ITEMS

                        8 Commitments and contingencies
                        (a) Capital commitments
                        At 31 December 2023, Fortescue had contractual commitments of US$972 million in capital expenditures
                        (30 June 2023: US$1,101 million).

                        (b) Contingent assets and liabilities
                        On 26 August 2022, Fortescue joined the Native Title Compensation Claim proceedings brought by the Yindjibarndi Ngurra
                        Aboriginal Corporation (YNAC) against the State of Western Australia in the Federal Court of Australia. At the date of this
                        report, the total quantum of compensation sought in the proceedings remains unclear. The Court has issued a timetable for the
                        proceedings which includes several hearings. The first hearing (for opening submissions and on-country evidence) was held in
                        August 2023, the second hearing (for remaining expert and lay evidence) will be in April 2024 and the final hearing (for closing
                        submission) will be in October and November 2024.

                        Fortescue remains open to negotiating a Land Access Agreement to the benefit of all Yindjibarndi people on similar terms to the
                        agreements it has in place with other native title groups in the region.

                        Fortescue had no material contingent assets or contingent liabilities at 31 December 2023 or at the date of this report. Fortescue
                        occasionally receives claims arising from its activities in the normal course of business. It is expected that any liabilities arising
                        from such claims would not have a material effect on the Group’s operating results or financial position.

                        9 Subsequent events
                        On 22 February 2024, the Directors declared an interim fully franked dividend of 108 Australian cents per ordinary share payable
                        in March 2024.


                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                           31
                        DIRECTORS’
                        DECLARATION



                                   DR ANDREW FORREST AO




For personal use only
                                   In the Directors’ opinion:

                                   (a) the interim financial statements and notes of Fortescue Ltd set out on pages 20 to 31 are in
                                        accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                                        (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at
                                             31 December 2023 and of its performance for the half year ended on that date;

                                        (ii) complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the
                                              Corporations Regulations 2001;

                                   (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                                        when they become due and payable.

                                   The Directors have been given the declaration by the Chief Executive Officers and the Acting
                                   Chief Financial Officer for the half year ended 31 December 2023 in accordance with the
                                   4th Edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and
                                   Recommendations.

                                   This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




                                   Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                                   Executive Chairman
                                   Dated in Perth this 22nd day of February 2024.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                       32
                        Independent auditor’s review report
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        Independent auditor’s review report

                        To the members of Fortescue Ltd
                        Report on the half-year financial report
                        Conclusion
                        We have reviewed the half-year financial report of Fortescue Ltd (the Company) and the entities it controlled during the half-year
                        (together the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated




For personal use only
                        statement of changes in equity, consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated income statement and statement of
                        comprehensive income for the half-year ended on that date, material accounting policy information and explanatory notes and
                        the directors' declaration.
                        Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the accompanying
                        half-year financial report of Fortescue Ltd does not comply with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                          1. giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2023 and of its performance for the half-year
                             ended on that date
                          2. complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.


                        Basis for conclusion
                        We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the Independent Auditor of
                        the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the review of the half-year
                        financial report section of our report.

                        We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and
                        the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                        Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to the audit of the annual financial report in
                        Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


                        Responsibilities of the directors for the half-year financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view in
                        accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors
                        determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from
                        material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                        Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                        T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999

                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                          33
                        Independent auditor’s review report
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report
                        Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review. ASRE 2410 requires us
                        to conclude whether we have become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the half-year financial report is not
                        in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31
                        and  fair view
                        December    2023ofand
                                           theof its
                                                 Group's   financial
                                                     performance     position
                                                                 for the        as at
                                                                         half-year    31 on that
                                                                                   ended  December      2022 and
                                                                                                  date, and        of its
                                                                                                            complying     performance for
                                                                                                                       with Accounting       theAASB 134
                                                                                                                                       Standard
                        half-year
                        Interim    ended on
                                Financial       that and
                                          Reporting   date,
                                                          theand complying with
                                                              Corporations          Accounting
                                                                           Regulations   2001.     Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                        and fair view
                        Reporting   andofthetheCorporations
                                                 Group's financial    position2001.
                                                                Regulations     as at 31 December 2022 and of its performance for the




For personal use only
                        half-year   ended    on  that date,  and   complying   with  Accounting
                        A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries,     Standard
                                                                                               primarily        AASB
                                                                                                         of persons     134 Interim
                                                                                                                    responsible         Financial
                                                                                                                                 for financial and accounting
                        Reporting
                        matters, andand    the
                                      applying Corporations
                                                analytical       Regulations
                                                           and other           2001.
                                                                     review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
                        A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become
                        financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
                         A  review
                        aware  of allof a
                        substantially      half-year
                                     significant
                                         less         financial
                                                  matters
                                               in scope
                                                                     be identified inof
                                                                           conductedmaking
                                                                    auditconsists
                                                                 report
                                                          that might
                                                          than an                                 enquiries,
                                                                                      an audit. Accordingly,
                                                                                         in accordance        primarily
                                                                                                             we do
                                                                                                           with
                                                                                                                   not of  persons
                                                                                                                            Auditingresponsible
                                                                                                                      express an
                                                                                                                 Australian            Standards for
                                                                                                                                 audit opinion.
                         financial  and   accounting    matters,   and   applying    analytical  and other   review  procedures.
                        and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant      A  review  is
                         substantially    less  in scope   than  an  audit conducted      in accordance    with  Australian
                        matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.      Auditing   Standards
                         and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
                         matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.



                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                                                      Perth
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                                           22 February 2024



                        Chris Dodd                                                                                                          Perth
                        Partner                                                                                                  15 February 2023
                        Chris Dodd                                                                                                           Perth
                        Chris Dodd
                        Partner                                                                                                  15 February 2023
                        Partner




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                         34
                        Auditor’s independence declaration
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2023




                        and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2022 and of its performance for the
                        half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                        Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                        Auditor’s independance declaration
                        A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
                        financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
                        substantially
                        As lead  auditorless  in review
                                         for the scope ofthan an  audit
                                                           Fortescue    conducted
                                                                      Ltd for          in ended
                                                                                         accordance
                                                                              the half-year       31 with  Australian
                                                                                                     December          Auditing
                                                                                                               2023, I declare    Standards
                                                                                                                               that to the best of my
                        knowledge
                        and          and belief,
                             consequently        therenot
                                               does    have been: us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
                                                          enable




For personal use only
                        matters
                        	  (a) nothat might  be of
                                    contraventions identified in an audit.
                                                       the auditor          Accordingly,
                                                                   independence             we doofnot
                                                                                   requirements     theexpress an audit
                                                                                                       Corporations      opinion.
                                                                                                                    Act 2001  in relation to the
                               review; and

                            (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.

                        This declaration is in respect of Fortescue Ltd and the entities it controlled during the period.
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        Chris Dodd                                                                                                         Perth
                        Chris Dodd
                        Partner                        15 February 2023Perth
                        Partner 												                22 February 2024
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers									




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                        Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                        T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                   35
                        DISCLAIMER



                        Our report contains certain statements which may constitute             decarbonise our business; our ability to profitably produce
                        “forward-looking statements”. Words that may indicate a                 and transport minerals and/or metals extracted to applicable
                        forward-looking statement include words such as “intend”,               markets; the availability of skilled personnel to help us
                        “aim”, “ambition”, “commitment”, “aspiration”, “project”,               decarbonise and grow our businesses; new ore resource
                        “anticipate”, “likely”, “estimate”, “plan”, “believes”, “expects”,      levels, including the results of exploration programmes and/
                        “may”, “should”, “could”, “will”, “forecast”, “target”, “set to” or     or acquisitions; inadequate estimates of ore resources and
                        similar expressions.                                                    reserves; our ability to successfully execute and/or realise
                                                                                                value from acquisitions and divestments; our ability to raise
                        Examples of forward-looking statements include: our                     sufficient funds for capital investment; disruption to strategic
                        projected and expected production and performance levels;               partnerships; damage to Fortescue’s relationships with
                        our plans for major projects including investment decisions;            communities and governments; labour unrest; our ability
                        our expectations regarding future demand for certain                    to attract and retain requisite skilled people; declines in
                        commodities; the assumptions and conclusions in our climate             commodity prices; adverse exchange rate movements; delays
                        change related statements and strategies; and our plan to               or overruns in projects; change in tax and other regulations;
                        achieve Real Zero as described in this report.                          cybersecurity breaches; the impacts of water scarcity; natural




For personal use only
                        Any forward-looking statements in this report reflect the               disasters; the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic;
                        expectations held at the date of this document. Such                    safety incidents and major hazard events; and increasing
                        statements are only predictions and are subject to inherent             societal and investor expectations, including those regarding
                        risks and uncertainties which could cause actual decisions,             environmental, social and governance considerations.
                        results, values, achievements or performance to differ                  Accordingly, forward-looking statements must be considered
                        materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-              in light of the above factors, and others, and Fortescue
                        looking statement. Forward-looking statements are based                 cautions against undue reliance on such statements.
                        on assumptions regarding Fortescue’s present and future                 Recipients should rely on their own independent enquiries,
                        business strategies and the future conditions in which                  investigations and advice regarding information contained in
                        Fortescue expects to operate. Forward-looking statements                this report. Fortescue makes no representation, guarantee,
                        are also based on management’s current expectations and                 warranty or assurance, express or implied, as to the accuracy
                        reflect judgments, assumptions and information available                or likelihood of the forward-looking statements or any
                        as at the date of this report. Actual and future events may             outcomes expressed or implied in any forward-looking
                        vary materially from the forward-looking statements made                statements contained in this report being achieved or proved
                        (and the conclusions and assumptions on which the forward-              to be correct.
                        looking statements were based) because events and actual
                        circumstances frequently do not occur as forecast and future            Except as required by applicable regulations or by law,
                        results are subject to known and unknown risks such as                  Fortescue disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly
                        changes in market conditions and regulations.                           update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as
                                                                                                a result of new information or future events. Past performance
                        Some of the various factors that could cause Fortescue’s                cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.
                        actual results, achievements or performance to differ from
                        those in forward-looking statements include: geopolitical and
                        political uncertainty; trade tensions between major economies;
                        the impacts of climate change; supply chain availability
                        and shortages; the impacts of technological advancements
                        including but not limited to the viability, availability, scalability
                        and cost-effectiveness of technologies that can be used to




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                             36
                        CONTACT DETAILS




                        Fortescue Australia                       Fortescue Shanghai, China
                        Level 2, 87 Adelaide Terrace              Unit 3, Floor 15 No. 1366 Lujiazui Ring   STAY IN TOUCH
                        East Perth, WA 6004                       Road Pudong New Area Shanghai,
                        T: +61 8 6218 8888                        P.R China                                 Latest news, reports and
                        F: +61 8 6218 8880                                                                  presentations via email
                        E: fortescue@fortescue.com                Singapore                                 If you would prefer to receive
                        www.fortescue.com                         FMG International                         information such as annual
                                                                  The Central                               reports, notices of meetings and
                        Fortescue VTEC and                        8 Eu Tong Sen St                          announcements via email, you
                        Community office                          24-91 Singapore 059818                    can change your communication
                                                                                                            preferences on the Registry website:
                        1B/2 Byass Street                                                                   www.linkmarketservices.com.au
                        South Hedland, WA 6722
                        T: +61 8 9158 5800                                                                  To get in touch with any other




For personal use only
                        F: +61 8 6218 8880                                                                  Fortescue office, please contact
                        E: hedlandcommunity@fortescue.com                                                   hello@fortescue.com
                        vtec@fortescue.com

                        Australian Business Number                                                                 @FortescueNews

                        ABN 57 002 594 872

                        Auditor                                                                                     au.linkedin.com/
                                                                                                                    company/fortescue
                        PwC
                        Level 15, 125 St Georges Terrace                                                            
                        Perth, WA 6000
                        www.pwc.com.au                                                                              www.facebook.com/
                                                                                                                    fortescuemetalsgroupltd/
                        Securities Exchange listings
                        Fortescue Limited
                        shares are listed on the Australian
                        Securities Exchange (ASX)
                        ASX Code: FMG

                        Fortescue Share Registry
                        Link Market Services Limited
                        Level 12, QV1 Building
                        250 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth, WA 6000
                        Locked Bag A14
                        Sydney South, NSW 1235
                        T: 1300 733 136 (within Australia)
                        T: +61 2 8280 7603 (International)
                        F: +61 2 9287 0309
                        www.linkmarketservices.com.au




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023                                                  37
                For personal use only




fortescue.com
