For personal use only
                                          HALF YEAR
                                            REPORT

                                                                                                    For the half year ended
                                                                                                        31 December 2024


                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                         1
                                      WHAT WE DO
                                      We are the technology,
                                      energy and metals
                                      group accelerating the
                                      commercial decarbonisation




For personal use only
                                      of industry, rapidly,
                                      profitably and globally.




                                      OUR VALUES
                                      Family                               Enthusiasm

                                      Empowerment                          Safety

                                      Frugality                            Courage and
                                                                           Determination

                                      Stretch Targets                      Generating
                                                                           Ideas

                                      Integrity                            Humility




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024   2
                           FINANCIAL RESULTS
                           FOR HALF YEAR ENDED
                           31 DECEMBER 2024




                        DIRECTORS' REPORT
                        GOVERNANCE
                        Your Directors present this report on Fortescue Ltd for the half year ended 31 December 2024.
                        The Directors of the Company in office during the half year and until the date of this report are as follows.




For personal use only
                        NON-EXECUTIVE¹
                                                                                               EXECUTIVE
                        Mark Barnaba AM CitWA – Deputy Chair
                                                                                               Dr Andrew Forrest AO – Executive Chairman
                        Lord Sebastian Coe CH, KBE
                                                                                               Elizabeth Gaines – Executive Director and Global Ambassador
                        Dr Jean Baderschneider
                        Dr Larry Marshall – Lead Independent Director                          Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.
                        Penny Bingham-Hall
                        Yifei Li
                        Usha Rao-Monari
                        Noel Pearson (appointed 1 August 2024)

                        ¹On 12 February 2025, the Company announced that Mr Noel Quinn will be appointed to the Fortescue Board as a Non-Executive Director, subject to completion
                           of regulatory procedures.


                        Auditor’s independence declaration
                        A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out
                        on page 36, and forms part of this report.

                        Rounding of amounts
                        All amounts in this report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with the
                        Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

                        Subsequent events
                        Dividend
                        On 20 February 2025, Fortescue declared a fully franked interim dividend of 50 Australian cents per share, payable in March 2025.

                        Offer to Acquire Red Hawk Mining
                        On 28 January 2025, Fortescue, through its wholly owned subsidiary FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd, made offers under an off-market
                        takeover bid for all of the fully paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk Mining Limited, on the terms detailed in the Bidder's Statement.
                        On 5 February 2025, Fortescue announced that FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd had acquired a relevant interest in over 75 per cent of the
                        fully paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk. Accordingly, as per the terms of the Offer, the offer price was increased from A$1.05 to
                        A$1.20 per Red Hawk Share. On 18 February 2025, after having acquired a relevant interest in more than 90 per cent of the fully
                        paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk, FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd commenced the compulsory acquisition process for all remaining fully
                        paid Red Hawk ordinary shares. This transaction is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial performance.

                        This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                        Executive Chairman
                        Dated on this 20th day of February 2025.

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                 3
                                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
                        ABOUT FORTESCUE
                        Fortescue is the technology, energy and metals group accelerating the commercial decarbonisation of industry, rapidly, profitably
                        and globally.

                        Our Metals business comprises our iron ore operations in the Pilbara as well as a pipeline of exploration projects globally
                        including in Gabon in Africa, Latin America and Australia.

                        As a major supplier of iron ore to the Chinese steel industry, we are now shipping at an annual rate of over 190 million tonnes (Mt)
                        with more than two billion tonnes of iron ore shipped since 2008.

                        By 2030, our aim is to have our Australian iron ore operations running on green energy and achieve Real Zero Scope 1 and 2
                        terrestrial emissions. Separately, we have a net zero Scope 3 emissions target by 2040, addressing emissions across our value
                        chain.




For personal use only
                        Our Energy business consists of Fortescue Zero where we are developing the technologies to support decarbonisation globally
                        as well as a portfolio of green energy projects that show significant potential.

                        To support funding of our projects, we have established a green energy investment accelerator platform, Fortescue Capital, that
                        is headquartered in New York.

                        As our business develops globally, our commitment to building thriving communities expands with us. Delivering positive social
                        and economic change through training, employment and business development opportunities is a key focus for Fortescue,
                        evident through initiatives such as our Billion Opportunities and Vocational Training Employment Centre (VTEC) programs.


                        SUSTAINABILITY
                        Sustainability has been at the heart of Fortescue since our founding in 2003. Our Company has always been focused on
                        empowering people, respecting the planet and ensuring positive social and economic benefits, while delivering the products our
                        customers need.

                        Over the half year, Fortescue was consistently recognised for its sustainability performance through independent environmental,
                        social and governance (ESG) ratings, global index inclusions and awards.

                        Fortescue is a 2024 member of the Australian, Asia Pacific and World Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and the FTSE4Good index.
                        Fortescue is a member of the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2025, achieving a top five per cent ESG score in our industry
                        group.

                        A summary of our key sustainability commitments and performance during the half year follows.

                        Climate Action
                        Climate change is the greatest challenge facing the global community. It also presents a once in a lifetime opportunity for
                        economic growth and value creation. Fortescue is taking an industry leading position on reducing emissions by decarbonising
                        our operations and working to deliver low carbon solutions and green energy products to the world.

                        We have a costed plan to decarbonise our Scope 1 and 2 emissions across our terrestrial Australian iron ore operations by 2030.

                        In September 2024, Fortescue released an updated Climate Transition Plan, prepared in accordance with the Transition Plan
                        Taskforce framework. Our externally reviewed Climate Transition Plan sets out in concrete terms how we will achieve this without
                        voluntary carbon offsets and without carbon capture and storage. We call it Real Zero.

                        Our progress towards Real Zero during H1 FY25 is detailed under the ‘Decarbonisation’ section of this report. In FY24, our climate
                        change information was reported within the FY24 Annual Report. The Annual Report, together with our Climate Transition Plan is
                        available on our website www.fortescue.com.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                          4
                                                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        Safety
                        The health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, contractors and communities is a core Value at Fortescue. As we strive to
                        become global leaders, we believe that fostering a culture of wellness and ensuring a safe work environment are fundamental to
                        our success. Fortescue’s rolling 12-month Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) is 1.0 at 31 December 2024.

                        Safety Excellence and Culture
                        As per our embodiment of the Fortescue Values of Safety and Family, we are committed to continuing to improve safety
                        performance. Key initiatives include the following:
                        • Strengthening safety leadership through specific action plans to address the priorities identified by Fortescue's annual People
                          Experience Survey.
                        • The continued reduction of workplace injury and fatality risk profile through frontline designed and implemented safety
                          improvement opportunities.
                        • Taking a data driven approach to prioritise safety risks by focusing leaders time in field through the use of data science such
                          as predictive analytics.
                        • Continuing to improve the physical and mental health of our people.




For personal use only
                        Psychosocial safety
                        In FY24, Fortescue entered into an Enforceable Undertaking with the Western Australian regulator and agreed to complete 10
                        psychosocial safety projects to be delivered under Lead Change Respect.

                        Lead Change Respect is an independent regional program delivering education, engagement, training and resources to build
                        and improve psychosocial safety across mining and related industries in Western Australia.

                        As of 31 December 2024, Fortescue has completed nine out of 10 initiatives, of which seven initiatives have been reviewed
                        and accepted by the WorkSafe Commissioner. The final piece of work, the development of a Safety and Duress App, has been
                        granted an extension until July 2025.


                        Diversity
                        We are committed to diversity and inclusion in all its forms and are working towards to a year-on-year increase across our
                        measurable categories of diversity representation. Our Board has ultimate responsibility for diversity and inclusion matters
                        through the People, Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
                        The Fortescue Family Diversity Plan embodies our commitment to a workplace where everyone feels safe to be themselves
                        and where they are acknowledged and celebrated for their strengths as an individual. True diversity drives better and more
                        sustainable outcomes.
                        The plan focuses on:
                        • gender equity
                        • First Nations people
                        • diversity of age
                        • LGBTQ+
                        • cultural and linguistically diverse backgrounds
                        • neurodiversity and differing abilities.

                        We employ team members in more than 30 countries representing over 100 different nationalities.

                        Increasing our female employment rates remains a key priority, with 3,848 women employed as at 31 December 2024. Our
                        female employment rate remained steady at 24.6 per cent of total positions, 29.6 per cent of leadership positions (Manager roles
                        and above) and increased to 39.1 per cent of senior leadership roles (General or Group Manager roles and above). We also focus
                        on gender diversity at the team level to help build successful high-performing teams across our business. We are committed to
                        increasing gender diversity to reflect 40:40:20 across Fortescue. This refers to a minimum of 40 per cent men and 40 per cent
                        women, with the remaining 20 per cent represented by any gender.


                        First Nations engagement
                        From the outset, Fortescue has been focused on practical initiatives that drive economic and employment opportunities for First
                        Nations people.

                        We are proud to be one of Australia’s largest employers of First Nations Australians, with 1,464 First Nations people employed
                        across the business as at 31 December 2024. Within our Australian workforce, First Nations people hold 10.6 per cent of total
                        positions, 5.4 per cent of leadership positions and 14.9 per cent of positions within our Pilbara operations.
                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                           5
                                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        Our VTEC program has been providing sustainable career pathways for First Nations people for over 18 years. The program
                        is a key part of our training and development strategy and is built on the concept that following the completion of training,
                        participants are guaranteed employment. Since its inception in 2006, the program has resulted in the successful employment of
                        more than 1,500 First Nations people across our sites.

                        Our Billion Opportunities program forms a critical element of our approach to ensuring economic opportunity and growth for the
                        Traditional Custodians of the regions in which we operate. Since its commencement in 2011, the program has awarded contracts
                        and subcontracts worth A$6.5 billion to First Nations businesses.


                        Respecting heritage and culture
                        We are committed to building and maintaining strong and respectful relationships with the communities upon whose traditional
                        lands our activities take place. We work in partnership with the First Nations people of the land where our projects are located to
                        ensure sites of cultural significance are identified and managed.
                        We sustainably and strategically take meaningful action to advance reconciliation through the following actions:
                        • Established governance framework and dedicated teams focusing on First Nations people.




For personal use only
                        • Established training and employment programs for First Nations Australians.
                        • Our Billion Opportunities program and the Buriya Capital Funding program.
                        • Established stakeholder engagement processes.
                        • Established native title agreements with seven Pilbara native title holders.
                        • Ongoing development of co-management models for our Pilbara operations.


                        Human rights
                        We are committed to respecting and supporting the human rights of all people including our employees, the communities
                        in which we operate, those within our supply chains and those who may be impacted by our activities. Our approach to
                        sustainability is founded on a respect for human rights.

                        Our Human Rights Policy sets out our commitments and strategy for operating in a manner consistent with the International
                        Bill of Human Rights, the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the principles concerning
                        fundamental rights set out in the International Labour Organisation’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.
                        We are also a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and members of the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human
                        Rights. Our Human Rights Policy is applicable to all Fortescue employees, directors, suppliers, contractors, consultants and
                        other business partners.

                        As our global footprint expands, we work to continuously improve our approach to identify and address modern slavery risks in
                        our operations and supply chains. We will continue to collaborate with our suppliers, partners and other stakeholders to drive
                        awareness of modern slavery and the need for effective action. In December 2024, we released our seventh modern slavery
                        statement, the fifth required under Australia’s Modern Slavery Act 2018. The statement is also published on behalf of Fortescue
                        Zero Limited (UK) to meet the requirements of the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015. Our FY24 Modern Slavery Statement is available
                        on our website at www.fortescue.com.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                             6
                                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        METALS
                        Iron Ore Operations
                         Hematite (Mt)                                           H1 FY25                     H1 FY24                  Movement %
                        Overburden removed                                         186                         174                          6
                        Ore mined                                                  107                         105                          2
                        Ore processed                                               96                          96                           -
                        Hematite and Magnetite (Mt)
                        Shipments                                                   97                          95                          3
                        Ore sold                                                    97                          95                          2

                        Fortescue achieved record shipments of 97Mt, comprising of 94Mt of Hematite and 3Mt of Magnetite. Shipments are in line with
                        plan, reflect consistent performance across the supply chain and were supported by healthy inventories.




For personal use only
                        Hematite ore mining increased in H1 FY25 to 107Mt (H1 FY24: 105Mt). Strip ratio also increased to 1.74x (H1 FY24: 1.65x),
                        consistent with the mine plan and schedule. Mining volumes and strip ratio reflect the lifecycle of existing operations at the
                        Chichester and Western Hub and are consistent with the requirements to support Fortescue’s integration of its operations with
                        its marketing strategy. Both the Hall Hub and Flying Fish projects continued their ramp up during H1 FY25. Hall Hub delivers
                        primary crushed iron ore from a remote satellite deposit to the ore processing facilities at Christmas Creek. Flying Fish is based
                        at Eliwana within the Western hub.

                        Hematite ore processing remained largely consistent in H1 FY25 at 96Mt (H1 FY24: 96Mt), reflecting strong performance and
                        reliability through existing Ore Processing Facilities (OPFs). Fortescue’s hematite operations have a combination of both wet and
                        dry OPFs aligning with the characteristics of the ore bodies.

                        The Iron Bridge ramp up is progressing well with the high grade magnetite concentrate enhancing our product mix. Iron Bridge
                        combines innovative and proven technology for the production of magnetite concentrate that provides Fortescue an enhanced
                        product range and increased production. During the half year, 3Mt of Iron Bridge Concentrate was produced and shipped (100
                        per cent basis). Iron Bridge is an unincorporated joint venture between FMG Magnetite Pty Ltd (69 per cent), and Formosa Steel
                        IB Pty Ltd (31 per cent).

                        Fortescue’s total sales were 97Mt in H1 FY25. Sales via Fortescue’s wholly owned Chinese sales entity, FMG Trading Shanghai
                        were 6.9Mt in H1 FY25 (H1 FY24: 6.8Mt). This entity allows Fortescue to expand its iron ore sales channels through the direct
                        supply of products to Chinese customers in smaller volumes, in Renminbi directly from regional ports.

                        Decarbonisation
                        Fortescue is committed to eliminating fossil fuels and achieving Real Zero across Scope 1 and 2 emissions from its terrestrial
                        Australian iron ore operations by 2030. Our plan to achieve this includes the deployment of an additional 2-3GW of renewable
                        energy generation and battery storage, in addition to the deployment of a green mining fleet and locomotives.
                        Key milestones achieved during H1 FY25 include:
                        • Signed a US$2.8 billion green equipment partnership with Liebherr for 475 zero emission Liebherr machines which will be
                          integrated with Fortescue Zero power systems.
                        • Signed a deal with Chinese heavy machinery manufacturer, XCMG, for the purchase of over 100 pieces of zero emissions heavy
                          mobile equipment.
                        • Partnered with MacLean for the delivery of a fleet of 30 GR8 EV graders, powered by a Fortescue Zero battery power system.
                        • Commenced works on a pilot Green Metal Project at Christmas Creek.
                        • Commissioned a 100MW solar farm at North Star Junction which is expected to produce more than 250GWh per year.
                        • Deployed Europa, Fortescue's hydrogen-powered electric haul truck prototype, to our Christmas Creek site for site-based
                          testing.
                        • Successfully tested Fortescue Zero 3MW fast charger prototype with Roadrunner, our 240t batter electric haul truck
                          prototype, at our Christmas Creek site.
                        • Commenced building the electrical site infrastructure required to electrify our mine sites.
                        • Achieved investment decisions to progress solar, wind, Battery Energy Storage Systems and large-scale transmission lines to
                          power our sites with renewable energy.
                        • Launched a new Fleet Management and Machine Guidance System, jointly developed with Liebherr, replacing our current ‘off
                          the shelf’ system.
                        • Awarded A$10 million in funding from The Australian Renewable Energy Agency to develop a 6MW fast charger test unit to
                          support our innovative fast charger technology.
                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                            7
                                                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        • Collaborated with the Bureau of Meteorology, using sophisticated weather simulations, to improve the accuracy of solar and
                          wind forecasts in the Pilbara. In the future, these AI-based forecasts will be integrated directly into the real-time decisions
                          made by our Fleet and Energy Management systems.

                        In September 2023, we made a commitment to stop purchasing voluntary carbon offsets. Instead, we are redirecting the funds
                        allocated to purchase voluntary offsets into our decarbonisation activities. This has already seen millions of dollars, which would
                        have been spent on purchasing offsets, instead allocated to decarbonisation.

                        There are, and will be in the future, technical challenges related to decarbonisation. As part of addressing these challenges,
                        existing technology will need to be adapted and applied in new ways, and entirely new technology will also need to be developed.
                        Technology availability (including supply chain availability of relevant goods and services) and technology maturity are therefore
                        key issues. These are challenges the team at Fortescue are focused on overcoming, both to deliver our own Real Zero ambitions,
                        but also to facilitate the decarbonisation of heavy industry more broadly.

                        Marketing and Product Strategy
                        Fortescue’s customer-focused marketing strategy underpins the Company’s ongoing strong market penetration, supported by a
                        broad product suite. The majority of Fortescue’s customers are in China, which continues to represent more than 50 per cent of




For personal use only
                        global steel production. Domestic steel demand is supported by infrastructure, manufacturing and renewable energy sectors, in
                        addition to direct and indirect steel exports. While China remains Fortescue’s core focus, the Company continues to explore sales
                        to other important markets.

                        Market dynamics and industry structures continue to evolve, with Fortescue adapting its commercial strategy to optimise value
                        over time, to manage risk and market volatility.

                        Innovation and Technology
                        Fortescue has led the way globally in embracing automation at its operations which both contributes to a safer working
                        environment for our team members and underpins significant productivity and efficiency improvements.

                        The Company continues to look for other opportunities for automation and artificial intelligence to drive greater efficiency across
                        the business This includes the use of data to predict outcomes, optimise plans and schedules and improve overall performance,
                        the expansion of autonomy to fixed plant and non-mining equipment, and the application of relocatable conveyor technology.


                        METALS PROJECTS
                        Christmas Creek Green Metal Project
                        The global interest in green iron and green steel is growing rapidly. As part of our commitment to achieving our Scope 3
                        emissions target, we are working with our customers to reduce their carbon emissions. We are also conducting research and
                        development (R&D) to develop the technologies needed to decarbonise the iron used to make steel.

                        Construction has begun on our Christmas Creek Green Metal Project. This will utilise existing green hydrogen and green
                        electricity from solar generation, together with Fortescue's iron ore production, existing infrastructure and technical capability.

                        Utilising green hydrogen and green electricity from solar generation, iron ore production capacity and existing infrastructure and
                        technical capacity, Fortescue is developing a Green Metal Project at Christmas Creek.

                        Belinga Iron Ore Project, Gabon
                        The Belinga Project in north-east Gabon is potentially one of the largest undeveloped high grade hematite deposits in the world.
                        Fortescue began exploration in 2022 with activities focused on exploration drilling to support a feasibility study.

                        Exploration was the dominant activity for H1 FY25, with a focus on both diamond and reverse circulation drilling programs. As of
                        31 December 2024, over 84,000 metres of reverse circulation and 12,000 metres of diamond core have been drilled. The results
                        have continued to show that this project has the potential to be significant scale and high grade. Delivering local opportunities
                        for the people of Gabon is a top priority. We remain focused on advancing exploration and studies to progress potential designs
                        for a large scale development. Ivindo Iron SA is the operating entity for the Belinga Project, with Fortescue holding a 72 per cent
                        direct interest in the company.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                             8
                                                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        CRITICAL MINERALS AND IRON ORE EXPLORATION
                        Fortescue was founded as an exploration company and we still believe that early stage exploration is the key to unlocking
                        significant value.

                        Fortescue holds the largest tenement portfolio in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The resources in both the Western
                        Hub and Eastern Hamersley include significant amounts of high iron content bedded iron ore, adding dry, low-cost tonnes to
                        Fortescue’s resource inventory. During H1 FY25, activities focused on Resource Definition at Mindy South, White Knight and Wyloo
                        North with the Mindy South project referred to the Environmental Protection Authority of WA. In addition, near mine exploration
                        was a focus at the Chichester Hub and Solomon.

                        Exploration activity on Fortescue’s critical minerals portfolio included drilling on projects in Argentina and Kazakhstan with
                        ongoing generative activities across the portfolio including recently pegged tenure in British Colombia in Canada. In Australia,
                        drilling commenced late in the year at the Myall Joint Venture in January where 3,000 metres of drilling is planned to test a number
                        of targets.


                        ENERGY




For personal use only
                        Fortescue Zero
                        Technical excellence and innovation is at the heart of everything that Fortescue does. Fortescue Zero is the green technology
                        and engineering services business, creating the solutions required to enable a zero emissions future. It is the driver for technical
                        innovation, engineering, testing and manufacturing services to deliver energy efficient performance.

                        We have the benefit of learning from some of the most demanding sectors, such as motorsports and mining. We translate these
                        into technologies that will establish a viable and profitable path for the road to Real Zero.

                        We operate across a wide range of sectors from automotive and motorsport, aerospace and defence, rail, off highway, and energy,
                        working in close collaboration with our customers and partners to meet the key engineering challenges of the 21st century –
                        focusing on mobility, energy storage, sustainability and efficiency.

                        At our global facilities in the UK, USA and Australia we are developing and building new technologies and products that will not
                        only power the decarbonisation of our own mining operations but provide solutions for other heavy emitters as well. We’re already
                        turning our ideas into reality, showing the world that decarbonisation is possible on an industrial scale, and it is also possible to do
                        it profitably.

                        We are successfully testing and operating our battery electric and hydrogen-powered haul truck prototypes at our Christmas
                        Creek site. The learnings from this are informing our future fleet of zero emissions trucks that we are delivering with Liebherr. Also,
                        in partnership with Liebherr, we are working on developing and validating a fully integrated Autonomous Haulage Solution with the
                        aim to be the first to operate autonomous zero emissions vehicles globally.

                        The Fortescue Zero product portfolio includes high performance batteries, High Voltage DCDC Convertors and Fast Chargers
                        which can be made available for a wide range of applications, outside of heavy industry and mining. Battery Intelligence is also a
                        key future market which Fortescue Zero is starting to unlock with its Elysia product.

                        The Hydrogen Systems team is developing efficient and scalable solutions through our global R&D programs that are durable, safe
                        and reliable to meet the highest demands.

                        Fortescue has opened its 2GW Gladstone Electrolyser Manufacturing Centre, which is Australia’s first fully automated electrolyser
                        manufacturing facility.

                        Green Energy
                        Fortescue's global green energy business focused on producing profitable green energy projects and the green technologies
                        needed to accelerate global decarbonisation.

                        Fortescue is committed to creating green electrons and green molecules globally, including green hydrogen and its derivatives,
                        maintaining a portfolio of projects which show significant potential for decarbonisation and economic growth. These projects will
                        progress as power prices fall sufficiently to bring them to economic viability, and the global demand for green hydrogen increases.

                        Fortescue Capital
                        Fortescue Capital is Fortescue's green energy investment accelerator platform headquartered in New York City. The platform forms
                        an integral part of our commitment to deliver green energy projects, technology investments and decarbonisation initiatives.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                              9
                                                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT




                        FINANCIAL RESULTS
                        Group Financial Performance
                        During H1 FY25, Fortescue delivered a net profit after tax attributable to equity holders of the Company of US$1,553 million and
                        earnings per share of 50.5 US cents.

                        The financial results were largely driven by the performance of the Metals segment. Revenue reflected record shipments,
                        impacted by a decrease in average revenue due to the lower Platts 62% CFR Index and price realisation. There continued to be
                        strong demand for Fortescue’s products with Hematite average revenue of US$85/dry metric tonne (dmt). Underlying EBITDA
                        was also impacted by an increase in C1 cost to US$19.17/wet metric tonne (wmt) as inflationary pressures and mine plan-led cost
                        escalation offset the operational efficiencies achieved.

                        Financial performance during H1 FY25:

                            Key metrics                                                                                                      H1 FY25                    H1 FY24




For personal use only
                            Revenue, US$ millions                                                                                              7,638                      9,512
                            Underlying EBITDA, US$ millions               1
                                                                                                                                               3,641                      5,912
                            Net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                                 1,547                     3,334
                                Attributable to Equity holders of the Company                                                                  1,553                     3,337
                                Attributable to Non-controlling interest                                                                           (6)                       (3)
                            Earnings per share, US cents                                                                                        50.5                     108.5
                            Earnings per share, AUD cents             2
                                                                                                                                                76.3                     166.2


                            Hematite average realised price, US$/dmt                                                                               85                       108
                            Hematite C1 costs, US$/wmt                                                                                          19.17                     17.77
                            Underlying EBITDA margin, US$/dmt (excl Fortescue Energy)                                                              47                         72


                            Key ratios
                            Underlying EBITDA margin, %                                                                                           48                         62
                            Return on equity, %                                                                                                    20                        35
                        1
                            Refer to page 14 for the reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements under Australian Accounting Standards.
                        2
                         Australian dollar earnings per share is calculated by translating the US dollar earnings per share at the average exchange rate for H1 FY25 of AUD:USD 0.66
                        (H1 FY24: AUD:USD 0.65).




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                        10
                                                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                        Segment reporting
                        Fortescue’s operating segments are:
                        • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, the exploration for other
                          minerals and investment in green iron metal.
                        • Energy: Undertaking activities in the global development of green electricity, green hydrogen, green ammonia projects, as well
                          as green technology development and manufacturing.
                        Corporate includes cash, intercompany loans which eliminate at consolidation, debt and tax balances which are managed at
                        a Group level, together with other corporate activities. Corporate is not considered to be an operating segment and includes
                        activities that are not allocated to other operating segments.

                        Transfer prices between segments are set on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.
                        Where segment revenue, expenses and results include transactions between segments, those transactions are eliminated on




For personal use only
                        consolidation and are not considered material.

                        The consolidated Metals and Energy results for H1 FY25 are provided below and further reported on page 26 in the financial
                        report.


                                                                                 Metals               Energy              Corporate         Consolidated
                            US$m                             Note1     H1 FY25       H1 FY24     H1 FY25   H1 FY24    H1 FY25   H1 FY24   H1 FY25   H1 FY24
                            Revenue from external              3         7,585        9,486         53          26         –          –    7,638     9,512
                            customers

                            Cost of sales                      3       (3,334)       (3,136)       (55)        (38)        –          –   (3,389)   (3,174)
                            Administration
                                                               3          (114)           (76)    (108)        (98)      (11)     (12)     (233)     (186)
                            expenditure
                            Research expenditure               3              (33)        (19)    (246)     (205)          –          –    (279)     (224)

                            Other income/(expense)                              6          30       (9)         (5)     (93)      (41)      (96)       (16)

                            Underlying EBITDA                             4,110       6,285       (365)     (320)      (104)      (53)     3,641     5,912

                            Depreciation and
                                                               3                                                                          (1,216)    (922)
                            amortisation

                            Finance income                     3                                                                             103        97

                            Finance expense                    3                                                                           (200)     (186)

                            Exploration,
                                                               3                                                                            (40)       (41)
                            development and other

                            Income tax expense                                                                                              (741)   (1,526)

                            Net profit after tax                                                                                           1,547     3,334
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                             11
                                                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                        Revenue
                                                                                                        Note1          H1 FY25             H1 FY24
                            Total iron ore revenue, US$ millions                                          3              6,753              8,710
                            Total shipping revenue, US$ millions                                          3                777                730
                            Manufacturing and engineering services revenue, US$ millions                  3                 48                 26
                            Other revenue, US$ millions                                                   3                 60                 46
                            Operating sales revenue, US$ millions                                                       7,638               9,512


                            Hematite sales performance




For personal use only
                            Shipments - Hematite, million wmt                                                             94.0               94.5
                            Ore sold - Hematite, million wmt                                                              93.4               95.2
                            Average Platts 62% CFR Index, US$/dmt                                                          102                 121
                            Average realised price Hematite, US$/dmt                                                        85                108


                            Magnetite sales performance (including joint venture partner share)
                            Shipments – Iron Bridge Magnetite, million wmt                                                  3.1                0.1
                            Ore sold – Iron Bridge Magenetite, million wmt                                                 3.3                 0.1
                            Average Platts 65% CFR Index, US$/dmt                                                           116               132
                            Average realised price Magnetite, US$/dmt                                                      114                139
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.



                        Fortescue’s total shipments for H1 FY25 were 97Mt (H1 FY24: 95Mt). Iron ore revenue decreased to US$6,753 million (H1 FY24:
                        US$8,710 million) as the Hematite realised price decreased 21 per cent to US$85/dmt (H1 FY24: US$108/dmt). The Platts 62%
                        CFR Index averaged US$102/dmt in H1 FY25 which is a decrease of 16 per cent over the prior year (H1 FY24: US$121/dmt).

                        The factors influencing realised prices in H1 FY25 include:
                        • lower index price compared to the prior half year
                        • actual and anticipated Government policy support in China intended to support economic growth in CY25
                        • sentiments related to recent US elections and future trade policies
                        • higher degree of competition in the market leading to increased supply.

                        Manufacturing and engineering services revenue reflects activities within Fortescue Zero. This is revenue that is generated
                        external to the Group which increased to US$48 million in H1 FY25 from US$26 million in H1 FY24.

                        Other revenue increased to US$60 million in H1 FY25 from US$46 million in H1 FY24 and includes gas sales and towage services
                        provided by Fortescue.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                     12
                                                                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Production costs
                        The reconciliation of C1 costs and total delivered costs to customers to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements
                        under Australian Accounting Standards is set out below.

                                                                                                                               Note1                  H1 FY25                 H1 FY24
                            Mining and processing costs, US$ millions                                                             3                     1,736                   1,459
                            Rail costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                       148                      141
                            Port costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                       157                     150
                            Production costs2, US$ million                                                                                              2,041                   1,750
                            Hematite ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                 93                       95
                            Hematite C1 costs, US$/wmt                                                                                                   19.17                   17.77




For personal use only
                            Shipping costs, US$ millions                                                                          3                       778                     686
                            Government royalty , US$ millions
                                                     3
                                                                                                                                  3                      485                      641
                            Shipping and royalty, US$ millions4                                                                                         1,263                   1,327
                            Hematite ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                 93                       95
                            Shipping and royalty, US$/wmt                                                                                                   13                      14
                            Total delivered cost, US$/wmt                                                                                                  32                       32
                            Total delivered cost, US$/dmt                                                                                                  35                       35
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.
                        2
                            Production costs include both the operating costs and inventory adjustments for Iron Bridge (H1 FY25: US$250 million, H1 FY24: US$57 million), these costs
                             are not included in the calculation of hematite C1 costs.
                        3
                            Fortescue pays 7.5 per cent government royalty for the majority of its iron ore products, with a concession rate of five per cent applicable to beneficiated fines.
                        4
                            Shipping and royalty include Iron Bridge (H1 FY25: US$31 million, H1 FY24: $ nil), these costs are not included in the calculation of hematite delivered costs.



                        Hematite C1 costs averaged US$19.17/wmt for the half year, eight per cent higher compared to the prior period (H1 FY24:
                        US$17.77/wmt). The increase in C1 costs reflects market inflationary pressures, including labour cost pressures due to significant
                        demand for skilled labour across the resources industry combined with increases in materials, and strip ratio which increased to
                        1.74x from 1.65x in H1 FY24. AUD to USD exchange rates averaged 0.66 in H1 FY25 compared to 0.65 in H1 FY24.

                        Shipping costs have increased from US$686 million in H1 FY24 to US$778 million in H1 FY25, reflecting the increase in market
                        freight rates and higher shipped tonnes compared to H1 FY24. To meet Fortescue's shipping commitments, Fortescue employs
                        a mix of shipping options which includes the use of Fortescue-operated ore carriers, chartering third-party vessels and Free on
                        Board shipments.

                        Fortescue has actively managed cost increases throughout the cycle whilst also utilising the capacity in its supply chain to
                        generate consistent shipments, aligning with Fortescue’s integrated operating and marketing strategy focusing on maximising
                        value. Cost management will continue to be a focus, however inflationary pressures remain a risk.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                             13
                                                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                        Underlying EBITDA
                        Underlying EBITDA, defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration, development and other
                        expenses, is used as a key measure of the Company’s financial performance.

                        During H1 FY25, Fortescue’s operations generated EBITDA of US$3,641 million (H1 FY24: US$5,912 million). The reconciliation
                        of Underlying EBITDA to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements under Australian Accounting Standards is
                        presented below.

                                                                                                                    H1 FY25             H1 FY24
                                                                                                    Note1            US$m                US$m
                            Operating sales revenue                                                   3               7,638               9,512
                            Cost of sales excluding depreciation and amortisation                     3              (3,389)             (3,174)




For personal use only
                            Net foreign exchange loss                                                 3                 (21)               (43)
                            Administration expenses                                                   3               (233)               (186)
                            Research expenditure                                                      3               (279)               (224)
                            Other (expenses)/income                                                   3                 (62)                 36
                            Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                             (13)                (9)
                            Underlying EBITDA                                                                         3,641               5,912
                            Finance income                                                            3                 103                  97
                            Finance expenses                                                          3               (200)               (186)
                            Depreciation and amortisation                                             3              (1,216)              (922)
                            Exploration, development and other expenses                               3                (40)                 (41)
                            Income tax expense                                                                         (741)            (1,526)
                            Net profit after tax                                                                      1,547              3,334
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.

                        The Underlying EBITDA of US$3,641 million for H1 FY25 represents a margin of 48 per cent (54 per cent for the Metals segment)
                        and a 38 per cent decrease on H1 FY24 EBITDA of US$5,912 million. This movement is largely driven by the performance of the
                        Platts 62% CFR Index, increased costs including production, shipping, research and administration, as well as unfavourable
                        impacts of investments in equity accounted investments and financial instruments and foreign exchange.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                     14
                                                                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                          FINANCIAL RESULTS

                                                                                                H1 FY25 vs H1 FY24 NPAT (US$m)

                               3,334           (1,901)                    Metals EBITDA                        Energy EBITDA       Corporate
                                                                                                                                    EBITDA



                                                                                                                                                                        785          1,547
                                                                 (198)
                                                                                  (52)             (24)         6          (51)         (51)    (7)       (294)




For personal use only
                                                                                                             ue
                        FY                                    ale           re                             inc , co                                                     ax
                                                                                                                                                                               FY
                               ot Iron                            s            se          co                  om st o
                                                                                          ex me
                                                                                                                  e a f sa                                           et
                           24    he o                         fs                  ar
                                                                                                                      nd les
                                                                                                                          ex , o                                                  25
                              NP                                                    ch      pe an                            pe the
                                                                                                                               ns r                                om                NP
                                   r o re
                                                                                                                                  es
                                                                                              ns d
                                                          st                                                   Ad
                                AT                                                                                                                                                     AT
                                                                                                                  m
                                      pe , sh
                                                             o                                  es
                                                                                                                    in  an dr                                     Inc
                                                                          an                         Ad                       es
                                        ra ip
                                                         Co                  d           r in           m in, FX                ea rc h
                                          tin pi
                        H1                                                                                  fin an
                                                                                                               an d F                                                          H1
                                                                      in                 he                       cia V
                                             g r ng                                                ex                l in cha
                                                                                                                         str ng
                                                                   Ad                Ot               plo N                  um e o
                                                ev an
                                                                                                         ra et                  en n
                                                                                                                                   ts
                                                                      m                                     tio fin
                                                                                                               n a an
                                                  en d
                                                                                                                  nd ce
                                                                                                                      de ex
                                                                                                                         ve pe
                                                    ue
                                                                                                                            lop ns
                                                                                                                               m es,
                                                                                               Re                 De
                                                                                                                                  en t
                                                                                                 ve                  pr  e
                                                                                                    n                am ciat
                                                                                                                          or ion
                                                                                                                            tis an
                                                                                                                               at d
                                                                                                                                 ion




                             As illustrated in the chart below, Fortescue has maintained strong EBITDA margins through market cycles, demonstrating the
                             commitment to and focus on productivity, efficiency and innovation.

                             Metals EBITDA by period below (including Iron Bridge Magnetite and excluding Fortescue Energy costs):




                                                                             Fortescue Metals Underlying EBITDA/dmt (US$)


                                     150


                                     100


                                     50
                                                         99                                   63                        60                     65
                                                                                                                                                                          47
                                      0
                                                         FY21                                 FY22                     FY23                    FY24                     H1 FY25



                                      Underlying EBITDA $ / dmt                                         Platts 62% CFR Index - calendar avg           Avg Fortescue realised price
                                      (excl Fortescue Energy and fx)                                    Realised price, US$/dmt - Hem                 Avg Underlying EBITDA




                             FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                       15
                                                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                        Research and administration expenses
                        Research expenditure increased to US$279 million in H1 FY25 from US$224 million in H1 FY24. Research expenditure reflects
                        research specific activities within Fortescue Energy in the development of green energy projects and technology as well as
                        research on decarbonisation which is focused on infrastructure to enable the transmission of renewable energy to operations
                        and mobile equipment across our Pilbara operations. Total Fortescue Energy EBITDA was a US$365 million loss in H1 FY25.

                        Depreciation, interest and tax
                        Key non-operating matters forming part of the financial result include:
                        • Depreciation and amortisation of US$1,216 million is up 32 per cent on the prior period (H1 FY24: US$922 million) and in
                          line with H2 FY24 reflecting the transition to operations of Iron Bridge and the impact of higher annual sustaining capital
                          expenditure over the past financial years.
                        • Net finance expenses of US$97 million for H1 FY25 (US$89 million in H1 FY24), reflecting higher interest rates on borrowings
                          and lease liabilities and lower capitalised interest following the completion of the Iron Bridge project, offset by interest income
                          of US$103 million.




For personal use only
                        • Income tax expense for H1 FY25 of US$741 million represents an effective tax rate of 32.4 per cent (H1 FY24: US$1,526 million,
                          effective tax rate of 31.4 per cent). The increase in income tax is in line with financial performance and reflects the effects of
                          taxation on foreign operations.



                        Financial Position and Capital Management

                        Debt and Liquidity
                                                                                                                 31 December 2024          30 June 2024
                            Key metrics                                                               Note1            US$m                    US$m
                            Borrowings                                                                  4                 4,848                  4,585
                            Lease liabilities                                                           4                   591                       815
                            Total debt                                                                                    5,439                 5,400
                            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     3,409                  4,903
                            Net debt                                                                                      2,030                   497
                            Equity                                                                                       19,193                 19,531


                            Key ratios                                                                                    %                      %
                            Gearing                                                                                       22                     22
                            Net gearing                                                                                   10                      2
                        1
                            Notes to the accompanying financial statements.



                        Debt
                        Fortescue’s balance sheet is structured on low-cost debt which is at investment grade terms. The debt capital structure
                        allows optionality and flexibility to fund future growth. Total debt as at 31 December 2024 was US$5,439 million, inclusive of
                        US$591 million of lease liabilities. Gross gearing at 31 December 2024 was 22 per cent (30 June 2024: 22 per cent) and net
                        gearing was 10 per cent (30 June 2024: two per cent).

                        Revolving Credit Facility
                        The US$1,025 million Revolving Credit Facility was renegotiated during the period and the maturity date was extended to
                        28 July 2027. It remained undrawn at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024. If drawn, interest accrues based on a variable rate
                        linked to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a fixed margin and is payable at the end of the interest period selected
                        (either one, two, three or six months), with the principal due at maturity.

                        Syndicated Term Loan
                        The syndicated Term Loan was renegotiated during the period and the maturity date was extended to June 2028 (previously
                        June 2026), and as at 31 December 2024 had a carrying value of US$957 million (30 June 2024: US$968 million) with a coupon
                        rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin. The facility has principal repayment of one per cent per annum with early repayment of
                        the facility at Fortescue’s option without penalty.

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                           16
                                                                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                        Secured VLOC Term Loan
                        During the half-year, the group obtained the secured loan to finance the purchase price of Fortescue's eight Very Large Ore
                        Carriers (VLOC) which were previously under a leasing arrangement with China Development Bank. The secured loan matures in
                        December 2034, and as at 31 December 2024 had a carrying value of US$272 million (30 June 2024: US$ nil) with a coupon rate
                        linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin. The principal will be repaid in 40 equal consecutive quarterly instalments. The loan is secured
                        by the vessels together with their accompanying commercial arrangements.

                        Senior unsecured notes
                        Senior unsecured notes, including Green senior unsecured notes had a carrying value of US$3,619 million at 31 December 2024
                        (30 June 2024: US$3,617 million).

                        Lease liabilities
                        Lease liabilities amounted to US$591 million as at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: US$815 million). The Group enters into




For personal use only
                        contractual arrangements for leases of mining equipment, vehicles, land and buildings as well as other assets.

                        The Company’s debt maturity profile at 31 December 2024 is set out in the chart below. Fortescue has no financial maintenance
                        covenants across all instruments.




                                                                              Debt maturity profile - principal (US$m)

                                                                                                                                  1,500




                                                                                         959
                                                                                                                                                800
                                                                                                                     700
                                                                                  600


                                                                                                                                                                                275



                              FY24          FY25          FY26         FY27          FY28          FY29          FY30          FY31          FY32        FY33        FY34         FY35

                                             Senior unsecured notes              Syndicated Term Loan               Green senior unsecured note                VLOC Term Loan




                        Liquidity
                        At 31 December 2024, Fortescue had US$4,434 million of liquidity available including US$3,409 million of cash on hand and
                        US$1,025 million available under the revolving credit facility (30 June 2024: US$5,928 million). Total debt at 31 December 2024
                        was US$5,439 million, inclusive of US$591 million of lease liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                     H1 FY25             H1 FY24
                            Cash flows                                                                                                                US$m                US$m
                            Cash generated from operations                                                                                            3,366                 5,585
                            Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                                  2,430                  4,170
                            Capital expenditure (including joint operations)1                                                                        (1,792)             (1,523)
                            Net cash flows from investing activities                                                                                 (1,769)                (1,515)
                            Free cash flow2                                                                                                             661                 2,655
                        1
                            Capital expenditure comprises of payments for property, plant and equipment and investments.
                        2
                            Free cashflow is calculated as net cash flows from operating activities less net cash flows from investing activities.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                        17
                                                                                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                        Cash generated from operations of US$3,366 million was 40 per cent lower than the prior period, largely as a result of lower
                        Underlying EBITDA.

                        Net cash flows from operations include net interest payments of US$66 million (H1 FY24: US$68 million) and income tax paid of
                        US$870 million (H1 FY24: US$1,347 million).

                        Capital expenditure including joint operations and Fortescue Energy investments was US$1,792 million for the half year
                        (H1 FY24: US$1,523 million). Capital expenditure throughout the period consisted of:
                        • Sustaining and hub development, including maintenance on existing plant and acquisition of replacement Heavy Mobile
                          Equipment (HME).
                        • Decarbonisation, including expenditure on development of green power and green mobility.
                        • Iron ore and iron projects, reflecting expenditure on Green Iron and Pilbara Energy Connect (PEC).
                        • Exploration and studies, including exploration and feasibility activities in Gabon.




For personal use only
                        • Energy, including acquisition of infrastructure and purchase of strategic investments within Fortescue Energy.

                        Dividends and shareholder returns
                        In September 2024, Fortescue paid a fully franked final dividend of 89 Australian cents per share for the financial year ended
                        30 June 2024.

                        On 20 February 2025, Fortescue declared a fully franked interim dividend of 50 Australian cents per share, paid in March 2025.

                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024, Fortescue generated earnings of 50.5 US cents per share (H1 FY24: 108.5 US cents
                        per share). On 20 February 2025, the Directors declared a fully franked final dividend of 50 Australian cents per share for the
                        half year ended 31 December 2024 representing a payout ratio of 65 per cent of net profit after tax, in line with the Company’s
                        dividend policy of maintaining a payout ratio of between 50 and 80 per cent.



                                                                                                                                                   H1 FY25                H1 FY24
                            Attributable net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                          1,553                 3,337
                            Basic earnings per share, US cents per share                                                                              50.5                 108.5
                            Basic earnings per share, AUD cents per share¹                                                                            76.3                 166.2
                            Interim dividend, AUD cents per share¹                                                                                     50                   108
                            Dividend payout ratio, %                                                                                                   65                   65
                        1
                            Australian dollar earnings per share is calculated by translating the US dollar earnings per share at the average exchange rate H1 FY25 of
                             AUD:USD 0.66 (H1 FY24: 0.65)




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                   18
                                                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                        FINANCIAL RESULTS


                                                                      Dividends declared and payout ratios



                                                                                                 78%                 80%
                                                                                                           77%              75%
                                                                                                                                     65%    70%
                                                                                                                                                     65%
                                                                                         62%

                                                                                  52%
                                                                                                                     3.58
                                                               38%       36%


                           21%                      21%




For personal use only
                                    17%     16%                                                                             2.07
                                                                                                            1.76                     1.75
                                                                                                                                                    0.50
                                                                                  0.45             1.14                                     1.97
                           0.07    0.08     0.10    0.20                 0.15            0.23
                                                               0.05

                           FY11    FY12     FY13    FY14       FY15      FY16     FY17   FY18     FY19     FY20     FY21    FY22    FY23    FY24   H1 FY25


                                                          Dividend, A$/share - paid      Dividend, A$/share - declared      Payout ratio



                        Share buy-back scheme
                        In 2018, Fortescue announced the establishment of an on-market share buy-back program of up to A$500 million which was
                        extended in October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is determined
                        periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting shares
                        within the span of any 12 month period.

                        Fortescue retains the option to undertake an on-market share buyback. During H1 FY25, Fortescue acquired none of its own
                        shares on market under the share buy-back program.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                          19
For personal use only
                                     FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the half year ended
                                                                                                        31 December 2024




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                         20
                        CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                                               31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                        Note     US$m              US$m
                         Operating sales revenue                                                         3        7,638             9,512
                         Cost of sales                                                                   3       (4,568)           (4,067)
                         Gross profit                                                                            3,070             5,445
                         Other income                                                                    3         12                36
                         Other expenses                                                                  3        (684)             (523)
                         Operating profit                                                                        2,398             4,958
                         Finance income                                                                  3        103                97
                         Finance expenses                                                                3        (200)             (186)
                         Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                          (13)               (9)
                         Profit before tax                                                                       2,288             4,860




For personal use only
                         Income tax expense                                                                       (741)            (1,526)
                         Net profit after tax                                                                     1,547             3,334
                         Net profit is attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                            1,553             3,337
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                  (6)               (3)
                         Net profit after tax                                                                     1,547             3,334


                                                                                                                 Cents             Cents
                         Earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
                         Company:
                         Basic earnings per share                                                                 50.5              108.5
                         Diluted earnings per share                                                               50.4              108.3




                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                                               31 December      31 December
                                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                                 US$m              US$m
                         Net profit after tax                                                                     1,547             3,334
                         Other comprehensive income:
                         Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net
                         of tax:
                         Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                (23)               12
                         Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
                         net of tax:
                         (Loss)/gain on investments taken to equity                                                (4)               15
                         Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                   (27)               27
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                    1,520             3,361
                         Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                            1,526             3,364
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                  (6)               (3)
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                    1,520             3,361

                        The above consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction
                        with the accompanying notes.

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                             21
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        At 31 December 2024

                                                                                                                 31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                     2024                   2024
                                                                                                     Note           US$m                US$m
                         ASSETS
                         Current assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  3,409               4,903
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                 697                    654
                         Inventories                                                                                 1,624                  1,527
                         Other current assets                                                                         141                    81
                         Total current assets                                                                        5,871                  7,165
                         Non-current assets
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                   6                     18
                         Inventories                                                                                 337                    342




For personal use only
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                              21,949              21,682
                         Intangible assets                                                                           387                    388
                         Investments accounted for using the equity method                                           258                    260
                         Financial assets at fair value                                                               117                   104
                         Other non-current assets                                                                    294                     101
                         Total non-current assets                                                                   23,348              22,895
                         Total assets                                                                               29,219             30,060
                         LIABILITIES
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other payables                                                                    1,402                  1,662
                         Borrowings and finance lease liabilities                                      4             198                    192
                         Provisions                                                                                  430                    508
                         Deferred income                                                                              72                     65
                         Current tax payable                                                                          70                    259
                         Total current liabilities                                                                   2,172              2,686
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Borrowings and finance lease liabilities                                      4             5,241              5,208
                         Provisions                                                                                   941                   1,026
                         Deferred income                                                                              84                     84
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    1,588                  1,525
                         Total non-current liabilities                                                              7,854               7,843
                         Total liabilities                                                                          10,026              10,529
                         Net assets                                                                                 19,193              19,531
                         EQUITY
                         Contributed equity                                                            5             1,087                  1,077
                         Reserves                                                                                     137                   175
                         Retained earnings                                                                          17,996              18,300
                         Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                       19,220              19,552
                         Non-controlling interest                                                                    (27)                   (21)
                         Total equity                                                                               19,193              19,531

                        The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                   22
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                                               31 December          31 December
                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   US$m               US$m
                         Cash flows from operating activities
                         Cash receipts from customers                                                              7,365               9,221
                         Payments to suppliers and employees                                                      (3,999)             (3,636)
                         Cash generated from operations                                                            3,366               5,585
                         Interest received                                                                          103                100
                         Interest paid                                                                             (169)               (168)
                         Income tax paid                                                                           (870)              (1,347)
                         Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                 2,430               4,170


                         Cash flows from investing activities




For personal use only
                         Payments for property, plant and equipment - Fortescue                                    (1,437)            (1,315)
                         Payments for property, plant and equipment - joint operations                              (92)               (194)
                         Payments of deposits                                                                      (235)                (9)
                         Payments for acquisition of equity accounted investments                                   (17)               (15)
                         Receipt of government grants                                                                3                  –
                         Purchase of financial assets                                                               (11)                –
                         Other investing activities                                                                  20                 18
                         Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                (1,769)            (1,515)


                         Cash flows from financing activities
                         Proceeds from borrowings                                                                   275                 –
                         Repayment of borrowings                                                                    (10)               (10)
                         Repayment of leases                                                                       (337)               (67)
                         Finance costs paid                                                                         (22)               (17)
                         Dividends paid                                                                            (1,879)            (1,965)
                         Purchase of shares by employee share trust                                                (163)               (142)
                         Net cash outflow from financing activities                                               (2,136)             (2,201)
                         Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      (1,475)             454
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  4,903               4,287
                         Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              (19)                8
                         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        3,409               4,749

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                 23
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                     Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                                        Contributed                  Retained                  controlling    Total
                                                                          Equity          Reserves   earnings        Total      interest     equity
                                                                           US$m            US$m       US$m           US$m        US$m        US$m
                         Balance at 1 July 2023                            1,044            170       16,775         17,989        9         17,998
                         Net profit after tax                                –                –       3,337          3,337         (3)       3,334
                         Other comprehensive income                          –               27          –             27          –           27
                         Total comprehensive income for the
                                                                             –               27       3,337          3,364         (3)       3,361
                         period, net of tax
                         Transactions with owners:
                         Purchase of shares under employee share
                                                                           (142)              –          –           (142)         –         (142)
                         plans
                         Employee share awards vested                       174             (174)        –             –           –           –




For personal use only
                         Equity settled share-based payment
                                                                             –               137         –            137          –          137
                         transactions
                         Contributions from non-controlling
                                                                             –                –          –             –           24          24
                         interests
                         Dividends declared                                  –                –       (1,975)        (1,975)       –         (1,975)
                         Balance at 31 December 2023                       1,076            160       18,137         19,373        30        19,403


                         Balance at 1 July 2024                            1,077             175      18,300         19,552       (21)       19,531
                         Net profit after tax                                –                –        1,553         1,553         (6)       1,547
                         Other comprehensive loss                            –              (27)         –            (27)         –          (27)
                         Total comprehensive income for the
                                                                             –              (27)       1,553         1,526        (6)        1,520
                         period, net of tax
                         Transactions with owners:
                         Purchase of shares under employee share
                                                                           (163)              –          –           (163)         –         (163)
                         plans
                         Employee share awards vested                       173             (173)        –             –           –           –
                         Equity settled share-based payment
                                                                             –               163         –            163          –          163
                         transactions
                         Dividends declared                                  –                –       (1,858)        (1,858)       –         (1,858)
                         Other                                               –               (1)         1             –           –           –
                         Balance at 31 December 2024                       1,087             137      17,996         19,220       (27)       19,193

                        The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                      24
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024




                        Basis of preparation
                        1 Basis of preparation
                        The financial statements cover the consolidated group comprising Fortescue Ltd (the Company) and its subsidiaries, together
                        referred to as Fortescue or the Group. The Company is a for-profit company limited by shares and incorporated in Australia,
                        whose shares are publicly traded on the Australian Stock Exchange.



                        (a) Statement of compliance
                        These general purpose consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with AASB 134, Interim




For personal use only
                        Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001.

                        The financial statements do not include all of the information required for full annual financial statements, and should be read
                        in conjunction with the annual financial report for the year ended 30 June 2024, and any public announcements made by the
                        Company during the half year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

                        The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 20 February 2025.

                        The financial statements are presented in United States dollars. All amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to
                        the nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.



                        (b) Material accounting policies
                        The accounting policies applied in these financial statements are consistent with those applied by the Group in the 30 June 2024
                        consolidated financial statements, except for the estimation of income tax (see note 7) and the adoption of new and amended
                        standards that became applicable for the current reporting period. The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or
                        make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these amended standards.

                        Certain new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the
                        31 December 2024 interim reporting period and have not been applied in these financial statements. The Group is currently
                        assessing the impact of these new standards and amendments on future financial statements.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                          25
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024


                        Financial performance
                        2 Segment information
                        Fortescue’s chief operating decision-makers are identified as the Chief Executive Officer of Fortescue Metals and the Chief
                        Executive Officer of Fortescue Energy, and its segments are identified based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used
                        by the Chief Executive Officers in assessing performance and determining the allocation of resources. The following operating
                        segments have been identified:

                        • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, the exploration for other
                           minerals and investment in green iron metal.

                        • Energy: Undertaking activities in the global development of green electricity, green hydrogen, green ammonia projects as well
                           as green technology development and manufacturing.

                        Corporate includes cash, intercompany loans which eliminate at consolidation, debt and tax balances which are managed at
                        a Group level, together with other corporate activities. Corporate is not considered to be an operating segment and includes




For personal use only
                        activities that are not allocated to other operating segments.

                        Transfer prices between segments are set on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.
                        Where segment revenue, expenses and results include transactions between segments, those transactions are eliminated on
                        consolidation and are not considered material.

                        (a) Underlying EBITDA
                        Fortescue uses Underlying EBITDA defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration,
                        development and other expenses, as a key measure of its financial performance. The reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the
                        net profit after tax is presented below. The segment information is prepared in conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.



                                                                   Metals                  Energy                  Corporate            Consolidated
                                                         H1 FY25       H1 FY24     H1 FY25     H1 FY24     H1 FY25       H1 FY24    H1 FY25      H1 FY24
                                                Note      US$m          US$m       US$m         US$m        US$m          US$m        US$m        US$m
                         Revenue from
                                                  3        7,585        9,486        53             26         –               –      7,638           9,512
                         external customers
                         Cost of sales            3       (3,334)       (3,136)     (55)            (38)       –               –     (3,389)      (3,174)
                         Administration
                                                  3        (114)            (76)    (108)           (98)      (11)         (12)       (233)           (186)
                         expenses
                         Research
                                                  3        (33)             (19)    (246)       (205)          –               –      (279)       (224)
                         expenditure
                         Other income/
                                                             6              30       (9)            (5)      (93)          (41)        (96)           (16)
                         (expense)
                         Underlying
                                                           4,110        6,285       (365)       (320)        (104)        (53)        3,641       5,912
                         EBITDA

                         Depreciation and
                                                  3                                                                                  (1,216)      (922)
                         amortisation
                         Finance income           3                                                                                    103             97
                         Finance expense          3                                                                                   (200)           (186)
                         Exploration,
                         development and          3                                                                                    (40)           (41)
                         other
                         Income tax
                                                                                                                                      (741)       (1,526)
                         expense
                         Net profit after tax                                                                                         1,547       3,334




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                             26
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024


                        Financial performance (continued)
                        2 Segment information (continued)
                        (b) Segment assets and liabilities


                                                               Metals                   Energy                  Corporate              Consolidated
                                                       Dec              Jun      Dec             Jun      Dec           Jun          Dec           Jun
                                                       2024             2024     2024        2024         2024         2024          2024         2024
                                                      US$m          US$m        US$m         US$m        US$m          US$m         US$m         US$m
                         Assets under
                                                      2,028         2,409        264             175       65           28           2,357        2,612
                         construction
                         Property, plant and
                                                      19,083        18,607        331            293       178          170         19,592       19,070
                         equipment




For personal use only
                         Intangible assets              68               45      229             228       90           115          387          388
                         Investments accounted
                         for using the equity           21               19      237             241       –                –        258          260
                         method
                         Financial assets at fair
                                                         2               3        113             99       2                2         117          104
                         value
                         Other non-current
                                                        621             451       15              10        1               –        637           461
                         assets
                         Total current assets         2,240         2,069         167            153     3,464         4,943         5,871        7,165
                         Total assets                 24,063        23,603       1,356           1,199   3,800         5,258        29,219       30,060
                         Total liabilities            3,329             3,781    332             314     6,365         6,434        10,026       10,529



                        (c) Other segmental reporting


                                                               Metals                   Energy                  Corporate              Consolidated
                                                     H1 FY25       H1 FY24      H1 FY25     H1 FY24      H1 FY25      H1 FY24       H1 FY25     H1 FY24
                                                      US$m          US$m        US$m         US$m        US$m          US$m         US$m         US$m
                         Capital expenditure
                                                       1,621            1,358     171            165       –                –        1,792        1,523
                         (cash basis)



                        (d) Geographical information
                        Fortescue operates predominantly in the geographical location of Australia, and this is the location of the vast majority of the
                        Group’s assets. In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical
                        location of customers.

                                                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                                                         2024                   2023
                                                                                                                        US$m                  US$m
                         Revenue from external customers
                         China                                                                                          6,590                 8,409
                         Other                                                                                              1,048              1,103
                                                                                                                        7,638                  9,512




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                         27
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024


                        Financial performance (continued)
                        3 Revenue and expenses
                                                                                                                                   31 December 2024             31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                           US$m                         US$m
                            Iron ore revenue                                                                                               6,684                         8,477
                            Provisional pricing adjustments - iron ore                                                                       69                           233
                            Total iron ore revenue¹                                                                                        6,753                         8,710
                            Shipping revenue                                                                                                 810                          664
                            Provisional pricing adjustments - shipping revenue                                                              (33)                           66
                            Total shipping revenue¹                                                                                         777                           730
                            Manufacturing and engineering services revenue²                                                                  48                            26
                            Other revenue³                                                                                                   60                            46




For personal use only
                            Operating sales revenue                                                                                        7,638                         9,512
                            Mining and processing costs                                                                                    (1,736)                      (1,459)
                            Rail costs                                                                                                      (148)                        (141)
                            Port costs                                                                                                      (157)                        (150)
                            Shipping costs                                                                                                  (778)                        (686)
                            Government royalty                                                                                             (485)                         (641)
                            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                  (1,179)                       (893)
                            Manufacturing and engineering services costs                                                                    (53)                          (38)
                            Other operating expenses                                                                                        (32)                          (59)
                            Cost of sales                                                                                                 (4,568)                      (4,067)
                            Gain on fair value change in financial instruments                                                                –                            5
                            Other                                                                                                             12                           31
                            Other income                                                                                                      12                           36
                            Administration expenses                                                                                         (233)                        (186)
                            Research expenditure                                                                                            (279)                        (224)
                            Exploration, development and other4                                                                             (40)                          (41)
                            Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                   (37)                          (29)
                            Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                        (21)                         (43)
                            Loss on fair value change in financial instruments                                                              (74)                           –
                            Other expenses                                                                                                 (684)                         (523)
                            Interest income                                                                                                  103                           97
                            Finance income                                                                                                   103                           97
                            Interest expense on borrowings and lease liabilities                                                            (166)                        (149)
                            Other                                                                                                           (34)                          (37)
                            Finance expenses                                                                                               (200)                         (186)
                        ¹Certain sales contracts are provisionally priced at the initial revenue recognition (bill of lading) date, with the final settlement price based on a pre-determined
                        quotation period. Operating sales revenue from these contracts comprises two parts:
                        (i) Iron ore revenue and shipping revenue recognised at the bill of lading date at current prices; and
                        (ii) Provisional pricing adjustments which represent any difference between the revenue recognised at the bill of lading date and the final settlement price.
                        Shipping revenue and the provisional pricing adjustments to shipping revenue are recognised over the period during which the shipping service has been provided.
                        ²Manufacturing and engineering services revenue is earned from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised when control of the goods or services are
                        transferred to the customer (over time or at a point in time) at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group is entitled in exchange for those goods or
                        services.
                        ³Other revenue includes towage services provided by Fortescue which is recognised as performed.
                        4
                         Exploration, development and other includes organisation restructuring costs of US$15 million for the half year ended 31 December 2024 (nil for the half year ended
                        31 December 2023).

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                                                       28
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024



                        Capital management
                        4 Borrowings and lease liabilities
                                                                                                                        31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                            2024                 2024
                                                                                                                           US$m                 US$m
                         Senior unsecured notes                                                                              33                   36
                         Green senior unsecured notes                                                                        10                   14
                         Syndicated term loan                                                                                10                   10
                         Secured VLOC term loan                                                                              20                    –
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                   125                  132
                         Total current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                      198                  192




For personal use only
                         Senior unsecured notes                                                                             2,783                2,778
                         Green senior unsecured notes                                                                        793                  789
                         Syndicated term loan                                                                                947                  958
                         Secured VLOC term loan                                                                              252                   –
                         Lease liabilities                                                                                  466                  683
                         Total non-current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                 5,241               5,208
                         Total borrowings and lease liabilities                                                            5,439                5,400



                        Senior unsecured and Green senior unsecured notes
                        Fortescue’s listed debt instruments are classified as level 1 financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy with their fair
                        values based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The senior unsecured notes had a fair value of
                        US$2,628 million at 31 December 2024 (30 June 2024: US$2,599 million) and the Green senior unsecured notes a value of
                        US$796 million (30 June 2024: US$790 million). The carrying values of other financial assets and liabilities approximate
                        their fair values.

                        Revolving Credit Facility
                        The US$1,025 million Revolving Credit Facility was renegotiated during the period and the maturity date was extended to
                        28 July 2027. It remained undrawn at 31 December 2024 and 30 June 2024. If drawn, interest accrues based on a variable rate
                        linked to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a fixed margin and is payable at the end of the interest period selected
                        (either one, two, three or six months), with the principal due at maturity.

                        Syndicated Term Loan
                        The syndicated Term Loan was renegotiated during the period and the maturity date was extended to June 2028 (previously
                        June 2026), and as at 31 December 2024 had a carrying value of US$957 million (30 June 2024: US$968 million) with a coupon
                        rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin. The facility has principal repayment of 1 per cent per annum with early repayment of the
                        facility at Fortescue’s option without penalty.

                        Secured VLOC Term Loan
                        During the half year, the Group obtained the secured loan to finance the purchase price of Fortescue’s eight Very Large Ore
                        Carriers (VLOC) which were previously under a leasing arrangement. The secured loan matures in December 2034, and as at
                        31 December 2024 had a carrying value of US$272 million (30 June 2024: nil) with a coupon rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed
                        margin. The principal will be repaid in 40 equal consecutive quarterly instalments. The loan is secured by the vessels together
                        with their accompanying commercial arrangements.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                         29
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024



                        Capital management (continued)
                        5 Contributed equity
                        (a) Share capital
                                                               Issued           Treasury         Contributed         Issued         Treasury     Contributed
                                                               shares            shares            equity            shares          shares        equity
                                                              Number            Number              Number           US$m            US$m          US$m
                         At 1 July 2023                    3,078,964,918      (3,078,529)       3,075,886,389         1,195          (151)         1,044
                         Purchase of shares under
                                                                  –           (10,854,167)       (10,854,167)          –             (142)          (142)
                         employee share plans
                         Employee share awards
                                                                  –            10,933,022         10,933,022           –              175           175
                         vested
                         At 30 June 2024                   3,078,964,918      (2,999,674)       3,075,965,244        1,195           (118)         1,077




For personal use only
                         Purchase of shares under
                                                                  –           (14,140,364)       (14,140,364)          –             (163)          (163)
                         employee share plans
                         Employee share awards
                                                                  –            12,649,215         12,649,215           –              173           173
                         vested
                         At 31 December 2024               3,078,964,918      (4,490,823)       3,074,474,095        1,195           (108)         1,087

                        (b) Issued shares
                        Issued shares are fully paid and entitle the holders to one vote per share and the rights to participate in dividends. Ordinary
                        shares participate in the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.

                        (c) Treasury shares
                        Movements in treasury shares represent acquisition of the Company’s shares on market and allocation of shares to the
                        Company’s employees from the vesting of awards and exercise of rights under the employee share-based payment plans.

                        (d) Share buy-back program
                        During the period, the Company acquired none of its own shares on market under the share buy-back program which was
                        extended on 10 October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is
                        determined periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting
                        shares within the span of any 12 month period.


                        6 Dividends
                        (a) Dividends paid during the half year
                                                                                                                       31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                                           US$m                  US$m
                         Final fully franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2024: A$0.89 per share
                                                                                                                           (1,879)               (1,975)
                         (30 June 2023: A$1.00 per share)


                        (b) Dividends declared and not recognised as a liability

                                                                                                                       31 December             31 December
                                                                                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                                                                           US$m                  US$m
                         Interim fully franked dividend for the half year ended 31 December 2024: A$0.50 per
                                                                                                                              980                 2,183
                         share (31 December 2023: A$1.08 per share)




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                            30
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024



                        Taxation
                        7 Income tax
                        Income tax expense is recognised based on management’s estimate of the weighted average effective annual income tax rate
                        expected for the full financial year. The estimated average annual tax rate used for the period to 31 December 2024 is 32.4%,
                        compared to 31.4% for the six months ended 31 December 2023. The tax rate is higher in 2024 due to higher foreign tax losses in
                        respect of which no deferred tax asset has been recognised. The Group recognises the benefit of tax losses only to the extent of
                        probable future taxable income or gains in relevant jurisdictions.

                        Pursuant to legislation enacted or substantively enacted by 31 December 2024 in Australia and other jurisdictions, the Group
                        has become subject to the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Pillar Two rules effective from 1 July 2024. These rules seek to
                        ensure a minimum 15% effective tax rate is paid by large multinational groups in each global jurisdiction in which they operate.

                        The Group’s assessment indicated no material impact in any of its jurisdictions as a result of the enactment of BEPS Pillar Two
                        rules for the six months ended 31 December 2024. Accordingly, no current income tax has been recognised by the Group for
                        the six months ended 31 December 2024 in relation to Pillar Two income taxes. Additionally, consistent with AASB 112 Income




For personal use only
                        Taxes, the Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
                        liabilities relating to Pillar Two income taxes.



                        Unrecognised items
                        8 Commitments and contingencies
                        (a) Capital commitments
                                                                                                                       31 December             30 June
                                                                                                                           2024                 2024
                                                                                                                           US$m                 US$m
                         Within one year                                                                                    1,193                729
                         Between one and five years                                                                        2,234                 301
                         Later than five years                                                                              166                   7
                         Total commitments                                                                                 3,593                1,037

                        (b) Contingent assets and liabilities
                        On 26 August 2022, Fortescue joined the Native Title Compensation Claim proceedings brought by the Yindjibarndi Ngurra
                        Aboriginal Corporation (YNAC) against the State of Western Australia in the Federal Court of Australia. At the date of this report,
                        the outcome of the proceedings remain unclear. The Court has issued a timetable for the proceedings which includes several
                        hearings. Hearings were held in August 2023 (for opening submissions and on-country evidence) and April 2024 (for expert and
                        lay evidence). The final hearing (for closing submissions) will be in February 2025.

                        Fortescue remains open to negotiating a Land Access Agreement to the benefit of all Yindjibarndi people on similar terms to the
                        agreements it has in place with other native title groups in the region.

                        Fortescue occasionally receives claims arising from its activities in the normal course of business. It is expected that any
                        liabilities arising from such claims would not have a material effect on the Group’s operating results or financial position.

                        The Group has issued a number of bank and other performance guarantees for various operational and legal purposes related to
                        its own future performance, which are in the normal course of business. It is not expected that these guarantees will be called on.
                        No liabilities were recognised by the parent entity or the Group in relation to these guarantees.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                         31
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2024


                        Unrecognised items (continued)

                        9 Subsequent events
                        Dividend
                        On 20 February 2025, the Directors declared an interim fully franked dividend of 50 Australian cents per ordinary share payable
                        in March 2025.

                        Offer to Acquire Red Hawk Mining
                        On 28 January 2025, Fortescue, through its wholly owned subsidiary FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd, made offers under an off-market
                        takeover bid for all of the fully paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk Mining Limited, on the terms detailed in the Bidder's Statement.
                        On 5 February 2025, Fortescue announced that FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd had acquired a relevant interest in over 75 per cent of the
                        fully paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk. Accordingly, as per the terms of the Offer, the offer price was increased from A$1.05
                        to A$1.20 per Red Hawk Share. On 18 February 2025, after having acquired a relevant interest in more than 90 per cent of the




For personal use only
                        fully paid ordinary shares in Red Hawk, FMG Pilbara Pty Ltd commenced the compulsory acquisition process for all remaining
                        fully paid Red Hawk ordinary shares. This transaction is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial
                        performance.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                        32
                        DIRECTORS’
                        DECLARATION



                                   DR ANDREW FORREST AO




For personal use only
                                   In the Directors’ opinion:

                                   (a) the interim financial statements and notes of Fortescue Ltd set out on pages 20 to 32 are in
                                        accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                                        (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at
                                             31 December 2024 and of its performance for the half year ended on that date;

                                        (ii) complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the
                                              Corporations Regulations 2001;

                                   (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and
                                        when they become due and payable.

                                   The Directors have been given the declaration by the Chief Executive Officers and the
                                   Group Chief Financial Officer for the half year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance with the
                                   4th Edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and
                                   Recommendations.

                                   This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




                                   Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                                   Executive Chairman
                                   Dated this 20th day of February 2025.




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                       33
                                    Independent auditor's review report to the members of
                                    Fortescue Ltd

                                    Report on the half-year financial report

                                    Conclusion
                                    We have reviewed the half-year financial report of Fortescue Ltd (the Company) and the entities it
                                    controlled during the half-year (together the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of




For personal use only
                                    financial position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income,
                                    consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated income statement for the half-year ended on that
                                    date, selected explanatory notes and the directors' declaration.

                                    Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us
                                    believe that the accompanying half-year financial report of Fortescue Ltd does not comply with the
                                    Corporations Act 2001 including:

                                    1.     giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2024 and of its
                                           performance for the half-year ended on that date

                                    2.     complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
                                           Regulations 2001.

                                    Basis for conclusion
                                    We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by
                                    the Independent Auditor of the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the
                                    Auditor's responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report section of our report.

                                    We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                                    Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards
                                    Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards)
                                    (the Code) that are relevant to the audit of the annual financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled
                                    our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

                                    Responsibilities of the directors for the half-year financial report
                                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report, in
                                    accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true
                                    and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                    preparation of the half-year financial report that is free from material misstatement whether due to fraud
                                    or error.

                                    Auditor's responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report
                                    Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review. ASRE
                                    2410 requires us to conclude whether we have become aware of any matter that makes us believe that




                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                    Brookfield Place, Level 15, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                                    T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                              34
                                    the half-year financial report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including giving a true
                                    and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2024 and of its performance for the
                                    half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                                    Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                                    A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
                                    financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
                                    substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards
                                    and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
                                    matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




For personal use only
                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                    Chris Dodd                                                                                          Perth
                                    Partner                                                                                  20 February 2025




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                           35
                                     Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                                     As lead auditor for the review of Fortescue Ltd for the half-year ended 31 December 2024, I
                                     declare that to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                                     (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                                            relation to the review; and
                                     (b)    no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




For personal use only
                                     This declaration is in respect of Fortescue Ltd and the entities it controlled during the period.




                                     Chris Dodd                                                                                      Perth
                                     Partner                                                                              20 February 2025
                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers




                                     PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                                     Brookfield Place, Level 15, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                                     T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                                     Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                            36
                        DISCLAIMER



                        Our report contains certain statements which may constitute             decarbonise our business; our ability to profitably produce
                        “forward-looking statements”. Words that may indicate a                 and transport minerals and/or metals extracted to applicable
                        forward-looking statement include words such as “intend”,               markets; the availability of skilled personnel to help us
                        “aim”, “ambition”, “commitment”, “aspiration”, “project”,               decarbonise and grow our businesses; new ore resource
                        “anticipate”, “likely”, “estimate”, “plan”, “believes”, “expects”,      levels, including the results of exploration programmes and/
                        “may”, “should”, “could”, “will”, “forecast”, “target”, “set to” or     or acquisitions; inadequate estimates of ore resources and
                        similar expressions.                                                    reserves; our ability to successfully execute and/or realise
                                                                                                value from acquisitions and divestments; our ability to raise
                        Examples of forward-looking statements include: our                     sufficient funds for capital investment; disruption to strategic
                        projected and expected production and performance levels;               partnerships; damage to Fortescue’s relationships with
                        our plans for major projects including investment decisions;            communities and governments; labour unrest; our ability
                        our expectations regarding future demand for certain                    to attract and retain requisite skilled people; declines in
                        commodities; the assumptions and conclusions in our climate             commodity prices; adverse exchange rate movements; delays
                        change related statements and strategies; and our plan to               or overruns in projects; change in tax and other regulations;
                        achieve Real Zero as described in this report.                          cybersecurity breaches; the impacts of water scarcity;




For personal use only
                        Any forward-looking statements in this report reflect the               natural disasters; safety incidents and major hazard events;
                        expectations held at the date of this document. Such                    and increasing societal and investor expectations, including
                        statements are only predictions and are subject to inherent             those regarding environmental, social and governance
                        risks and uncertainties which could cause actual decisions,             considerations.
                        results, values, achievements or performance to differ                  Accordingly, forward-looking statements must be considered
                        materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-              in light of the above factors, and others, and Fortescue
                        looking statement. Forward-looking statements are based                 cautions against undue reliance on such statements.
                        on assumptions regarding Fortescue’s present and future                 Recipients should rely on their own independent enquiries,
                        business strategies and the future conditions in which                  investigations and advice regarding information contained in
                        Fortescue expects to operate. Forward-looking statements                this report. Fortescue makes no representation, guarantee,
                        are also based on management’s current expectations and                 warranty or assurance, express or implied, as to the accuracy
                        reflect judgments, assumptions and information available                or likelihood of the forward-looking statements or any
                        as at the date of this report. Actual and future events may             outcomes expressed or implied in any forward-looking
                        vary materially from the forward-looking statements made                statements contained in this report being achieved or proved
                        (and the conclusions and assumptions on which the forward-              to be correct.
                        looking statements were based) because events and actual
                        circumstances frequently do not occur as forecast and future            Except as required by applicable regulations or by law,
                        results are subject to known and unknown risks such as                  Fortescue disclaims any obligation or undertaking to publicly
                        changes in market conditions and regulations.                           update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as
                                                                                                a result of new information or future events. Past performance
                        Some of the various factors that could cause Fortescue’s                cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.
                        actual results, achievements or performance to differ from
                        those in forward-looking statements include: geopolitical and
                        political uncertainty; trade tensions between major economies;
                        the impacts of climate change; supply chain availability
                        and shortages; the impacts of technological advancements
                        including but not limited to the viability, availability, scalability
                        and cost-effectiveness of technologies that can be used to




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                             37
                        CONTACT DETAILS




                        Fortescue Head Office                     Fortescue Shanghai, China
                        Ground Floor,                             Unit 3, Floor 15 No. 1366 Lujiazui Ring   STAY IN TOUCH
                        256 St Georges Terrace,                   Road Pudong New Area Shanghai,
                        Perth WA 6000                             P.R China                                 Latest news, reports and
                        T: +61 8 6218 8888                                                                  presentations via email
                        F: +61 8 6218 8880                        Singapore                                 If you would prefer to receive
                        E: reception@fortescue.com                                                          information such as annual
                                                                  FMG International
                        www.fortescue.com                         The Central                               reports, notices of meetings and
                                                                  8 Eu Tong Sen St                          announcements via email, you
                        Fortescue VTEC and                        24-91 Singapore 059818                    can change your communication
                        Community office                                                                    preferences on the Registry website:
                                                                                                            www.linkmarketservices.com.au
                        1B/2 Byass Street                         Fortescue Zero Head Office
                        South Hedland, WA 6722                    Fortescue Zero,                           To get in touch with any other




For personal use only
                        T: +61 8 9158 5800                        The Fortescue Building,                   Fortescue office, please contact
                        F: +61 8 6218 8880                        The Boulevard, Kidlington, OX5 1GB        reception@fortescue.com
                        E: hedlandcommunity@fortescue.com         T: +44 (0) 1235 777919


                        Australian Business Number
                        ABN 57 002 594 872

                        Auditor
                        PwC
                        Level 15, 125 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth, WA 6000
                        www.pwc.com.au

                        Securities Exchange listings
                        Fortescue Ltd
                        shares are listed on the Australian
                        Securities Exchange (ASX)
                        ASX Code: FMG

                        Fortescue Share Registry
                        MUFG Corporate Markets
                        Level 12, QV1 Building
                        250 St Georges Terrace
                        Perth, WA 6000
                        Locked Bag A14
                        Sydney South, NSW 1235
                        T: 1300 733 136 (within Australia)
                        T: +61 2 8280 7603 (International)
                        F: +61 2 9287 0309
                        www.mpms.mufg.com

                        Media
                        E: media@fortescue.com




                        FORTESCUE LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024                                                  38
                For personal use only




fortescue.com
