                APPENDIX 4D
                Fortescue Metals Group Ltd
                ABN: 57 002 594 872




For personal use only
                FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
                This information should be read in conjunction with Fortescue’s Financial Report for the half year ended 31 December 2022.


                Results for announcement to the market


                                                                                                                                  US$ million
                 Revenue from ordinary activities                                                       decreased 4% to           7,835

                 Profit from ordinary activities after tax attributable to members                      decreased 15% to          2,368

                 Net profit for the half year attributable to members                                   decreased 15% to          2,368


                                                                                                              Amount per             Franked amount
                 Dividends
                                                                                                               security                per security
                 Interim dividend declared for the half year ended 31 December 2022                          A$0.75                    A$0.75

                 Interim dividend declared for the previous corresponding period                             A$0.86                    A$0.86



                 Ex-dividend date of interim dividend                                                               27 February 2023

                 Record date of interim dividend                                                                    28 February 2023

                 Payment date of interim dividend                                                                     29 March 2023



                Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                The Company operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (the Plan) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to invest dividends in
                ordinary shares which rank equally with the ordinary shares of the Company. The allocation of price for shares under the Plan will
                be calculated as the average of the daily volume weighted average market price of all Fortescue shares traded on the Australian
                Securities Exchange during the period of 5 trading days commencing on 2 March 2023.

                The last date for receipt of applications to participate in or to cease or vary participation in the Plan is by 5:00pm (AEST) on 1 March
                2023. The Directors have determined that no discount shall apply to the allocation price and the Plan will not be underwritten. Shares
                to be allocated under the Plan will be acquired on market and transferred to participants on 29 March 2023. A broker will be engaged
                to assist in this process.

                A copy of the Plan Rules is available at www.fmgl.com.au/investors.

                Net tangible asset backing
                Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share: US$5.47 (previous corresponding period: US$5.12).

                Previous corresponding period
                The previous corresponding period is the half year ended 31 December 2021.

                Commentary on results for the period
                A commentary on the results for the period is contained within the half year presentation and the financial statements that accompany
                this announcement.
For personal use only
                                                           For the half year ended
                                                             31 December 2022


                                                      HALF YEAR
                                                       REPORT
                                                                       Fortescue Metals Group Ltd
                                                                          ABN 57 002 594 872




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022   1
                                                            OUR VALUES

                                    SAFETY                                             Fortescue's unique Values




For personal use only
                                                                                       drive our performance
                                    FAMILY                                             in a way that sets us apart
                                    EMPOWERMENT                                        from others

                                    FRUGALITY
                                    STRETCH TARGETS
                                    INTEGRITY                                          Culture
                                    ENTHUSIASM                                         Fortescue is a values-based
                                                                                       business with a strong,
                                    COURAGE AND                                        differentiated culture.
                                    DETERMINATION                                      We believe that by leveraging
                                                                                       the unique culture of our
                                    GENERATING IDEAS                                   greatest asset, our people, we
                                    HUMILITY                                           will achieve our stretch targets




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                2
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS
                    FOR HALF YEAR ENDED
                    31 DECEMBER 2022




For personal use only
                    DIRECTORS' REPORT
                    GOVERNANCE
                    Your Directors present this report on Fortescue Metals Group Ltd for the half year ended 31 December 2022.

                    The Directors of the Company in office during the half year and until the date of this report are as follows.

                    NON-EXECUTIVE
                    Mark Barnaba AM – Deputy Chair and Lead Independent Director
                    Lord Sebastian Coe CH, KBE
                    Jennifer Morris OAM
                    Dr Jean Baderschneider
                    Penny Bingham-Hall
                    Dr Ya-Qin Zhang (resigned November 2022)
                    Li Yifei (appointed August 2022)
                    Elizabeth Gaines (appointed February 2013)1
                    1
                     Elizabeth Gaines has served on Fortescue’s Board of Directors since February 2013, when she was first appointed as a non-executive director.
                    She served as Chief Financial Officer from February 2017 to February 2018, and Chief Executive Officer from February 2018 to August 2022.

                    EXECUTIVE
                    Dr Andrew Forrest AO – Executive Chairman
                    Directors were in office for the entire period unless otherwise stated.

                    Auditor’s independence declaration
                    A copy of the auditor’s independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on page
                    35, and forms part of this report.

                    Rounding of amounts
                    All amounts in this report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with the Australian
                    Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

                    Subsequent events
                    On 15 February 2023, Fortescue declared a fully franked interim dividend of 75 Australian cents per share, payable in
                    March 2023.

                    This report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                    Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                    Executive Chairman
                    Dated in Perth on this 15th day of February 2023.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                          3
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS




For personal use only
                    ABOUT FORTESCUE
                    Building on our foundations as one of the world’s largest producers of iron ore, Fortescue is transitioning into a global green
                    energy, metals and products company.

                    Fortescue is one of the world’s lowest cost iron ore producers, shipping at an annual rate nearing 200 million tonnes. Through
                    our major growth project Iron Bridge and our interest in the Belinga Iron Ore Project in Gabon, we are investing in the growth of
                    our iron ore business while also taking a global leadership position to step beyond fossil fuels and encourage others in heavy
                    industry to follow.

                    Through our decarbonisation roadmap, we are working to eliminate the use of fossil fuels and achieve real zero emissions (Scope
                    1 and 2) across our iron ore operations by 2030. We aim to demonstrate that heavy industry can decarbonise, profitably.

                    Key to this strategy is Fortescue Future Industries (FFI). The FFI team is creating the green energy and technology solutions to
                    decarbonise our metals operations and to enable hard-to-abate sectors across the globe to follow.

                    Building on Fortescue’s reputation for capital discipline, operational excellence and developing infrastructure and mining assets,
                    FFI is building a global portfolio of renewable energy projects and is fast becoming one of the world’s leading developers of green
                    hydrogen.

                    We have made substantial progress in our transition as a business in the first half of FY23.

                    As a values-based business which celebrates diversity and inclusiveness, globally we are empowering thriving communities
                    and delivering positive social and economic benefits through training, employment and business development opportunities,
                    including for our First Nations employees and partners.


                    SUSTAINABILITY
                    Over the half year, Fortescue was consistently recognised for our sustainability performance through independent
                    environmental, social and governance (ESG) ratings, global index inclusions and awards.

                    Fortescue is a 2022 member of the Australian, Asia Pacific and World Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and we maintained our
                    industry-leading AA rating in the MSCI ESG Ratings announced in December 2022.

                    Fortescue is a member of the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023, achieving a top five per cent ESG score in our industry
                    group and is an industry top rated company in Sustainalytics 2023 ESG ratings.

                    A summary of our key sustainability commitments and performance during the half year follows.

                    Safety
                    The health, safety and wellbeing of the Fortescue family is our number one priority and our focus remains on ensuring everyone
                    goes home safely after every shift. Each day, everyone at Fortescue is empowered to take control and look out for their mates
                    and themselves.

                    We are committed to providing a safe working environment for all employees and contractors as we strive to become a global
                    leader in safety.

                    Fortescue Metals’ rolling 12-month Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate (TRIFR) is 1.8 at 31 December 2022.

                    Safety excellence and culture
                    As per our embodiment of the Fortescue Values of Safety and Family, Fortescue is committed to continuing to improve safety
                    performance across the following areas:
                    • Strengthening safety leadership through specific action plans to address the priorities identified by the annual Company-wide
                      Safety Excellence and Culture Survey.
                    • The continued reduction of workplace injury and fatality risk profile through frontline designed and implemented safety
                      improvement opportunities.
                    • Taking a data driven approach to prioritise safety risks, using predictive analytics to focus and direct leaders time in field.
                    • Continuing to improve the physical and mental health of our people.



                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                              4
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    Climate action
                    Fortescue acknowledges our role as a major carbon emitter and is committed to taking action to eliminate emissions and end
                    our reliance on fossil fuels.




For personal use only
                    Fortescue has an industry leading position on reducing emissions by working to decarbonise our operations and to deliver low
                    carbon solutions and green energy products to the world.

                    In September 2022, Fortescue updated our world leading heavy industry decarbonisation strategy, aiming to eliminate fossil
                    fuel use and achieve real zero emissions (Scope 1 and 2) across our iron ore operations by 2030.

                    Our progress on decarbonisation during H1 FY23 is detailed under the ‘Stepping beyond fossil fuels’ section of this report.

                    We are actively reducing our use of carbon offsets to meet emissions reductions targets by developing and integrating the
                    technologies and operational solutions we need to tangibly decarbonise our operations. We see offsets as a temporary solution
                    only.

                    Diversity
                    We are committed to diversity and inclusion in all its forms, including a year on year increase across our measurable categories
                    of diversity. Our diversity plan embodies our commitment to a workforce that reflects the communities in which we live, with a
                    focus on the following areas:
                    • Females
                    • First Nations people
                    • Diversity of age
                    • LGBTQIA+
                    • Cultural backgrounds
                    • Differing abilities

                    Increasing our female employment rates remains a key priority. As at 31 December 2022, we employed 2,962 women, an
                    increase of 11 per cent from 30 June 2022.

                    Our female employment rate remained steady at 23 per cent of total positions. Females also represent 24 per cent of leadership
                    positions (manager roles and above) and 25 per cent of senior leadership roles (GM roles and above).

                    First Nations engagement
                    From the outset, Fortescue has been focused on practical initiatives that drive economic and employment opportunities for First
                    Nations people.

                    We are proud to be one of Australia’s largest employers of First Nations peoples. As at 31 December 2022, we employed 1,191
                    First Nations people, representing 10 per cent of the total workforce and 15 per cent of employees at our operational sites.

                    In October 2022, Fortescue’s highly successful Vocational Training and Employment Centre program marked 15 years of
                    operations, training and recruiting more than 1,000 First Nations people for full time jobs with us.

                    Our Billion Opportunities program forms a critical element of our approach to ensuring economic opportunity and growth for the
                    First Nations people of the regions in which we operate.

                    In August 2022, the program surpassed A$4 billion in contracts awarded to over 140 First Nations businesses since its
                    inception in 2011.

                    In December 2022, Billion Opportunities was awarded the Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander Empowerment Award at the 2022
                    AMEC Awards, in recognition of our commitment to providing long term, sustainable business development opportunities for
                    First Nations businesses.

                    Our commitment to operating sustainably and responsibly is reflected in the way we approach managing our impacts to First
                    Nations history and culture. We work in consultation with the First Nations people of the land where our projects are located
                    to ensure sites of cultural significance are identified and understood, incorporating those considerations into our design and
                    management processes.

                    As we expand our project footprint and operating areas, ongoing collaboration with First Nations groups is key to maintaining
                    our license to operate. During 2022 we executed 10 new Heritage Agreements with First Nations groups in Australia, codifying
                    the agreed standards for heritage protection in frontier project areas for renewables and mineral exploration. This expansion
                    continues the Fortescue track record that has already been demonstrated across our pre-existing Heritage Agreements and
                    seven Land Access Agreements.

                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                             5
                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    Human rights
                    We are committed to respecting and promoting the human rights of all people including our team, the communities in which we
                    operate, those within our supply chains and those who may be impacted by our activities.




For personal use only
                    We oppose all forms of slavery in our operations and the operations of our suppliers. We are committed to identifying, assessing
                    and mitigating human rights impacts, providing access to remedy through effective grievance mechanisms and continually
                    strengthening our actions. We work in collaboration with our suppliers to eradicate modern slavery from our supply chain.

                    In December 2022 we released our fifth modern slavery statement, the third required under Australia’s Modern Slavery Act 2018
                    (Cth). Our FY22 Modern Slavery Statement is available on our website at www.fortescue.com.

                    Workplace Integrity Review
                    Sexual harassment has no place at Fortescue and we take our responsibility to provide a safe and respectful workplace for all our
                    team members very seriously.

                    Fortescue has a strong culture built on integrity and respect and we are a business that remains true to our Values. Our Board
                    and Executive have always been focused on providing a safe work environment based on diversity and inclusiveness and the
                    issue of eliminating sexual harassment and preventing misconduct remains a priority.

                    We have robust processes for our people to raise concerns in a confidential and respectful manner and all reported cases
                    are thoroughly investigated and, where substantiated, we take swift action to address any behaviour that is not acceptable to
                    Fortescue or in the community.

                    As part of our zero-tolerance approach to harassment, bullying and intimidation of any kind, Fortescue remains committed to
                    enhancing the safety and experience of everyone working across Fortescue through our ongoing Workplace Integrity Review
                    (the Review).

                    During H1 FY23, we introduced additional training for Fortescue team members focused on modelling respectful behaviour in
                    the workplace and how to raise concerns, with over 10,500 team members completing at least one of these additional training
                    modules.

                    In addition, a Leader Call hosted by our Chief Operating Officer Iron Ore was held with all operational leaders reinforcing
                    expectations around appropriate behaviour in the workplace and on the importance of ensuring psychosocial safety.

                    During the half year, we also held a second round of focus groups with direct employees and contractors across our workplaces
                    to hear firsthand about how the Review was tracking and opportunities for positive change. The feedback from these sessions
                    will also inform the next round of initiatives.

                    We have also engaged external specialists to deliver training to our Employee Relations and Fortescue People team members to
                    further support employees who raise concerns and to improve our investigation frameworks.

                    Our contracting partners remain key in ensuring that our culture of integrity and respect is embedded across our operations and
                    we have established regular meetings with key contractors to promote more effective partnerships in addressing inappropriate
                    behaviour and investigating complaints.

                    Further information on the initiatives Fortescue has implemented as a result of the Review is detailed in our FY22 Sustainability
                    Report, available on our website www.fortescue.com.


                    OPERATIONS
                    Record shipping and production output reflect optimisation and consistency across Fortescue’s value chain.
                    Production and shipments on a wet metric tonne basis (wmt) for the half year are outlined below.

                        6 months to 31 December                            31 December                 31 December                  Movement
                        (million tonnes)                                       2022                        2021                        %
                        Overburden removed                                     161.0                       179.0                        (10)
                        Ore mined                                              114.8                       118.0                        (3)
                        Ore processed                                          98.0                         97.6                         0
                        Shipments                                              96.9                         93.1                         4
                        Ore sold                                               96.9                         92.1                         5




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                              6
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    Fortescue achieved record half year shipments of 96.9Mt through consistent performance from existing operations achieving
                    their planned production output.

                    Ore mined reduced in H1 FY23 to 114.8Mt (H1 FY22 118.0Mt) reflecting stable and consistent mining production combined with




For personal use only
                    inventory capacity within the value chain. Strip ratio for H1 FY23 of 1.4x is below H1 FY22 reflecting the sequence of ore and
                    waste mining consistent with the life of mine and operations plan (H1 FY22: 1.5x).

                    Ore processed was a first half record at 98.0Mt. This achievement reflects consistent performance and reliability through
                    existing Ore Processing Facilities.

                    Fortescue achieved record first half shipments of 96.9Mt, 3.8Mt above the previous record set in H1 FY22. Shipping performance
                    reflects stable and consistent performance from all operations achieving planned production output combined with leveraging
                    available inventory within the value chain.

                    Sales via Fortescue’s wholly owned Chinese sales entity, FMG Trading Shanghai continued to increase with 9.3Mt sold in H1 FY23
                    (H1 FY22: 8.8Mt sold). This entity allows Fortescue to improve iron ore sales channels through the direct supply of products to
                    Chinese customers in smaller volumes, in Renminbi, directly from regional ports. The difference between ore shipped and ore
                    sold represents unsold stocks held by this entity at regional ports in China.

                    Stepping beyond fossil fuels
                    In September 2022, Fortescue updated our heavy industry decarbonisation strategy, aiming to eliminate fossil fuel use and
                    achieve real zero emissions (Scope 1 and 2) across our iron ore operations by 2030.

                    Consistent with our disciplined approach to capital allocation, Fortescue’s US$6.2 billion investment in our decarbonisation
                    roadmap is expected to generate attractive economic returns for our shareholders, reducing operating costs by an estimated
                    US$818 million per annum by 2030, while future proofing our business against carbon regulatory risk.

                    The investment will include the deployment of an additional 2-3 GW of renewable energy generation and battery storage, in
                    addition to the estimated incremental costs associated with green mining fleet and locomotives.

                    Fortescue remains committed to our stated intent to achieve net zero Scope 3 emissions by 2040 (announced in October 2021),
                    addressing emissions across our entire global value chain, including crude steel manufacturing which accounts for 98 per cent
                    of our Scope 3 emissions.

                    Fortescue is making significant progress on our decarbonisation initiatives, enabled through our 100 per cent renewable green
                    energy and green technology company FFI and battery design and energy management system company WAE Technologies
                    (WAE) in the United Kingdom.

                    The delivery against Fortescue’s plan to step beyond fossil fuels is on schedule, with key milestones achieved during H1 FY23
                    including:
                    • Delivery of first prototype green ammonia locomotive to Port Hedland to undergo further testing before being deployed in
                      Fortescue’s rail operations.
                    • Commissioning of the network-connected battery energy storage system (42MW) by Hybrid Systems Australia.
                    • Commencement of the next tranche of solar PV, transmission infrastructure and large-scale battery storage as part of the
                      Pilbara Energy Connect (PEC) program of works.
                    • In January 2023, the arrival of Australia’s first prototype battery system from WAE for integration into Fortescue’s zero
                      emission battery electric haul truck.

                    This builds on the strong progress that has already been made to decarbonise our iron ore operations:
                    • Chichester Solar Gas Hybrid Project which displaces 100 million litres of diesel per annum.
                    • Investment in PEC Program, together with the Chichester Solar Gas Hybrid Project, is estimated to provide 25 per cent of
                      stationary day time energy across our mining operations through solar power.
                    • Partnering with Liebherr for the development and supply of green mining haul trucks.
                    • Research and development of the world’s first regenerating battery electric Infinity Train with WAE.

                    Key considerations for our pathway to decarbonise include technology and development, future equipment acquisition and
                    potential regulatory changes. Future changes to Fortescue’s decarbonisation strategy may impact key estimates and changes to
                    asset carrying values.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                           7
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    Other than Fortescue’s targets, significant judgements and estimates are also impacted by the interplay of global forces such
                    as policy trends and changes in technology. These are being considered and used as inputs to our planning cases and capital
                    allocation decisions.




For personal use only
                    Marketing and product strategy
                    Fortescue’s world class, integrated operations and customer-focused marketing strategy underpins our ongoing strong market
                    penetration, with a product portfolio that meets customer requirements and maximises value.

                    While China remains Fortescue’s core focus, representing more than 50 per cent of global steel production, we continue to
                    explore sales to other important global markets.

                    Innovation and technology
                    Fortescue has led the way globally in embracing automation at its operations. Fortescue maintains its position as a leader in
                    autonomous haulage, with 193 trucks operating across the Solomon and Chichester hubs.

                    The introduction of automation has not only contributed to a safer working environment for our team members, it has also
                    underpinned significant productivity and efficiency improvements.

                    The Company continues to look for other opportunities for automation and artificial intelligence to drive greater efficiency
                    across the business, including the use of data to predict outcomes and optimise performance, the expansion of autonomy to
                    fixed plant and non-mining equipment and the application of relocatable conveyor technology.


                    MAJOR PROJECTS
                    Iron Bridge
                    The Iron Bridge Magnetite Project will deliver 22mt per annum of high grade, low impurity 67% Fe magnetite concentrate,
                    with first production scheduled for the end of March 2023 quarter. The Iron Bridge Magnetite Project is an Unincorporated
                    Joint Venture between FMG Magnetite Pty Ltd (69 per cent), and Formosa Steel IB Pty Ltd (31 per cent).

                    During the period, the project achieved key milestones, including:
                    • First ore into the processing plant on 31 October 2022.
                    • Continued commissioning of Dry Processing Line A equipment; and commenced energisation and commissioning activities in
                      the Wet Plant.
                    • Completed the welding and burying of the entire raw water pipeline, together with the dry commissioning of eight of ten bores
                      in the West Canning Basin Bore Field.
                    • Completed filling the raw water and process water ponds in preparation for commissioning and production.
                    • Continued construction of Dry Plant B module installation.
                    • In January 2023, commenced water commissioning of the Wet Plant in preparation for first concentrate.

                    Fortescue remains focused on maintaining the schedule in an uncertain global environment that includes managing risk from
                    industry cost pressures, supply chain constraints and skilled labour shortages.

                    Energy
                    During H1 FY23, Fortescue continued the development and construction of energy infrastructure through the PEC program of
                    works, which includes transmission infrastructure, hybrid solar gas generation and large scale battery storage.

                    PEC will enable the integration of Fortescue’s stationary energy facilities in the Pilbara into an efficient network and support the
                    addition of large scale renewable energy in the future.

                    During the period, the project achieved key milestones, including:
                    • The energisation of the 220 kilometre transmission line from Solomon to Iron Bridge, providing commissioning power to site
                      from the existing Solomon Power Station.
                    • Commissioning of one of Australia's largest network-connected battery energy storage system (42MW) by Hybrid Systems
                      Australia.
                    • Commencement of the next tranche of solar PV, transmission infrastructure and large-scale battery storage.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                 8
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    EXPLORATION
                    Fortescue began as an exploration company and today our iron ore tenements remain key to maintaining mine life and
                    sustaining product quality in our core iron ore business.




For personal use only
                    Fortescue holds the largest tenement portfolio in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The resources in both the Western
                    Hub and Eastern Hamersley include significant amounts of high iron content bedded iron ore, adding dry, low cost tonnes to
                    Fortescue’s product suite.

                    Iron ore exploration activity in the Pilbara during H1 FY23 included resource definition drilling in the Eastern Hamersley, with a
                    focus on the program at Mindy South and Nyidinghu, along with regional exploration programs including Wyloo North in the
                    Western Hub and White Knight which is located west of Cloudbreak.

                    In the critical minerals portfolio, Fortescue is ramping up exploration activities with a key focus on copper, rare earths and
                    lithium.

                    Exploration activity on the Australian copper-gold portfolio included drilling programs which have been completed in the Mckay
                    Range and Isdell projects in the Patterson Province of Western Australia. Early stage target generation activities were also
                    completed across the South Australian and New South Wales projects while tenements for copper and lithium were pegged in
                    Queensland.

                    International exploration activities included drilling programs in Argentina, Chile and Brazil, as well as exploration activities over
                    several project areas including the Latin America region and Kazakhstan.

                    Belinga Iron Ore Project
                    During H1 FY23, activity at the Belinga Iron Ore Project (Belinga Project) in Gabon focused on geological mapping and sampling
                    programs across the primary target areas, with the initial drilling program to define the multi billion tonne high grade target
                    planned to commence in March 2023.

                    In February 2023, Fortescue signed the Mining Convention for the Belinga Project with the Gabonese Republic, facilitating first
                    mining of ore in the second half of 2023.

                    The Convention governs all the legal, fiscal and regulatory regimes for the 4,500 square kilometres which comprises the Belinga
                    Project, including early development for production of up to two million tonnes per annum, while studies advance potential
                    designs of a large scale development.

                    The capital estimate for the early stage mining development is approximately US$200 million (100 per cent basis) with
                    investment over calendar years 2023-24. The development involves conventional open pit mining methods to produce the ore
                    which will be trucked and railed over existing roads and rail infrastructure, and will be shipped from the Owendo Mineral Port,
                    near Libreville.


                    FORTESCUE FUTURE INDUSTRIES
                    FFI is a global green energy company committed to producing zero-carbon green hydrogen from 100 per cent renewable
                    sources.

                    Leading the green industrial revolution, FFI is developing technology solutions for hard-to-decarbonise industries and is a key
                    enabler of the decarbonisation strategy for Fortescue’s iron ore operations.

                    Working rapidly to build a global portfolio of renewable resources, FFI is driving the global establishment of a new market for
                    green energy, green hydrogen and green ammonia, which will present a significant opportunity for our business to create value
                    for our shareholders.

                    During H1 FY23, FFI has continued to advance its pipeline of green energy projects and green technologies. Key developments
                    include:
                    • In September 2022, FFI announced a partnership with the U.S. Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy Lab
                      (NREL). FFI expects to invest US$80 million over 10 years in research projects with NREL. This followed FFI’s announcement
                      of its plans to expand in the U.S. through the establishment of a Technology Hub in the state of Colorado, which will develop
                      green hydrogen and green energy innovations and technology, with a specific focus on decarbonising hard-to-abate
                      industries.
                    • In October 2022, FFI announced a global strategic collaboration with energy infrastructure developer Tree Energy Solutions
                      (TES) which aims to accelerate the development of a green hydrogen and green energy import facility in Germany. Through
                      the agreement, FFI will invest €30 million (US$28 million) to become a shareholder in Tree Energy Solutions B.V. and €100
                      million (US$93 million) in the construction of the TES terminal in Wilhelmshaven, Germany.

                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                   9
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    • In October 2022, FFI announced the commencement of the Front End Engineering Design (FEED) phase of the project to
                      convert Incitec Pivot Limited’s (IPL) Gibson Island ammonia facility to run on green hydrogen. FFI and IPL also executed a
                      Framework Agreement to govern the project through to a Final Investment Decision. The proposed project could see the
                      construction of a new ~500MW hydrogen electrolysis facility at the site to produce green hydrogen as well as the retrofitting of




For personal use only
                      IPL’s existing ammonia manufacturing facility to run on the green hydrogen produced onsite.
                    • In November 2022, FFI announced its investment in green hydrogen and renewable energy development company, Zhero. FFI
                      has invested €17 million (US$16 million), which will help Zhero to accelerate the development of its project pipeline, including
                      opportunities in the U.S., Africa, the Middle East and Australia.
                    • In November 2022, FFI announced a partnership with Windlab to develop one of Queensland’s largest ever renewable energy
                      projects. The North Queensland Super Hub aims to generate more than 10GW of wind and solar power, which will provide the
                      quantity of renewable energy needed to support large-scale green hydrogen production in Queensland. The first stage of the
                      proposed project includes the 800MW Prairie Wind Farm and the 1GW Wongalee project and is currently in detailed planning,
                      with land agreements in place and the application for development approval for Prairie Wind Farm planned for submission in
                      the coming months.
                    • In November 2022, FFI signed a Framework Agreement with the Egyptian Government to conduct studies with a view to
                      developing green hydrogen production in the Arab Republic of Egypt. The Agreement provides FFI access and exclusive land
                      rights to study renewable energy resources in Egypt, which would include solar and wind.
                    • In November 2022, FFI signed a binding Framework Agreement with the Government of Kenya to work together to develop by
                      2025 a 300MW capacity green ammonia and green fertiliser generation facility. This aims to provide affordable green fertiliser
                      to the domestic market and address food security, while also negating the need for importing equivalent amounts of fertiliser.
                    • At the B20 Summit in Bali, Indonesia in November 2022, FFI and PT Gunung Raja Paksi (GRP) signed a Memorandum of
                      Understanding to investigate how green hydrogen and green ammonia supplied by FFI could be used to help decarbonise
                      GRP’s steelmaking factories.
                    • In December 2022, FFI and ATCO Australia unveiled Western Australia’s first green hydrogen refuelling station. The H2
                      Refueller uses green hydrogen produced onsite at ATCO’s facility, in the Perth metropolitan area, from renewable electricity
                      through electrolysis. It will enable Fortescue, ATCO and third parties such as the WA Police to support their fleets of hydrogen
                      fuel cell vehicles, with the capability to refuel a Toyota Mirai with green hydrogen in less than five minutes and supporting up to
                      500 kilometres of emissions-free travel.

                    During the half year ended 31 December 2022, FFI incurred operating expenses of US$283 million (H1 FY22: US$ 174 million),
                    capital expenditure of US$39 million (H1 FY22: US$13 million) and investments of US$23 million (H1 FY22 US$49 million).

                    Within FFI’s expenditure, a total of US$68 million was incurred on behalf of Fortescue Metals for decarbonisation (H1 FY22:
                    US$40 million).

                    Fortescue’s capital allocation framework allocates 10 per cent of NPAT to fund FFI. The support from FFI to decarbonise
                    Fortescue’s operations is funded separately by Fortescue. As at 31 December 2022, the allocated closing 10 per cent NPAT
                    balance is US$793 million.

                    Green steel
                    Enabled by FFI, we are advancing a range of technologies in collaboration with customers and technology providers that will
                    allow us to produce green iron and steel at scale. We have already successfully produced smaller quantities of high purity green
                    iron from Fortescue ores.

                    Key announcements during H1 FY23 include:
                    • Achieving progress towards green ironmaking with Fortescue, Primetals Technologies and Voestalpine to jointly scale a new
                      green ironmaking process using hydrogen and Fortescue’s Pilbara ores.
                    • Submission of a successful proposal to develop a Green Products Precinct at the Boodarie Strategic Industrial Area in
                      Port Hedland and the Ashburton North Strategic Industrial Area near Onslow for potential green ammonia and green iron
                      production.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                             10
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT CONTINUED


                    Green technology
                    Leveraging Fortescue’s long history of adopting leading edge technology, FFI is setting the pace for innovation in the green
                    energy space. FFI has a growing portfolio of technology assets which will eradicate fossil fuel use at our iron ore operations and




For personal use only
                    create new revenue streams for our business.

                    This includes the investment into the construction of the Green Energy Manufacturing centre in Gladstone, Queensland for the
                    manufacturing of electrolysers with an initial output capacity of 2GW.

                    During H1 FY23, FFI and Siemens Energy announced the commencement of work on a new ammonia cracker prototype. Using
                    FFI’s Metal Membrane Technology, developed in partnership with the CSIRO, the cracker is part of the green hydrogen supply
                    chain, with a focus on mobility and off-grid power applications.


                    WAE TECHNOLOGIES
                    Formerly Williams Advanced Engineering, WAE Technologies (WAE) is a technology and engineering services business,
                    providing world class technical innovation, engineering, testing and manufacturing services to deliver energy efficient
                    performance to customers.

                    Fortescue completed its acquisition of WAE in February 2022, providing our business with critical technology and expertise in
                    high performance battery systems and electrification to power our mining and rail fleets.

                    WAE will be expanding its operations to a new facility in Kidlington in the United Kingdom, due to open in the first half of calendar
                    year 2023 and creating up to 300 new jobs, with plans underway to open a pilot manufacturing and industrialisation facility that
                    can produce up to 400MWh per year of battery modules and fully assembled power systems.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                               11
                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                    FINANCIAL RESULTS




For personal use only
                    Financial performance
                    During the half year ended 31 December 2022, Fortescue delivered a net profit after tax of US$2,368 million and earnings
                    per share of 77 US cents. Financial performance reflects record shipments of 96.9Mt combined with strong price realisation
                    through the market cycle. Fortescue’s integrated operations and marketing strategy and strong cost management to maximise
                    margins have substantially mitigated inflationary pressures in labour, materials and energy markets, which remain a risk for the
                    remainder of FY23. The strength of operating performance and a continued focus on productivity and efficiency has supported
                    the continued EBITDA margin strength.



                        Key metrics                                                                                                      H1 FY23                   H1 FY22
                        Revenue, US$ millions                                                                                             7,835                      8,125
                        Underlying EBITDA¹, US$ millions                                                                                  4,352                      4,762
                        Net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                                2,368                      2,777
                        Earnings per share, US cents                                                                                       77.0                       90.3
                        Earnings per share, AUD cents                                                                                     114.8                      123.7


                        Average realised price, US$/dmt                                                                                       87                        96
                        C1 costs, US$/wmt                                                                                                 17.43                      15.28
                        Underlying EBITDA margin US$/dmt (excl FFI)                                                                           52                        58


                        Key ratios
                        Underlying EBITDA margin, %                                                                                           56                         59
                        Return on equity, %                                                                                                   35                         58

                    1
                        Refer to page 26 for the reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements under Australian Accounting Standards.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                           12
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS

                    Segment reporting
                    As a reflection of the increasing contribution of FFI to Fortescue’s overall financial performance, further transparency is included
                    in the notes to the financial statements on FFI’s financial result as a segment of the Group. The operating segments are described




For personal use only
                    below:
                    • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, and the exploration for other
                      minerals.
                    • FFI: Undertaking activities in the development of green energy projects and technology in Australia and globally.

                    Corporate includes cash, debt and tax balances which are managed at a group level, together with other corporate activities.
                    Corporate is not considered an operating segment and includes activities that are not allocated to other operating segments.

                    The consolidated, Metals and FFI results for the half year ended 31 December 2022 are provided below and further reported on
                    page 26 in the financial report.

                                                             Metals                               FFI                        Corporate                     Consolidated
                        US$m                        H1 FY23          H1 FY22         H1 FY23            H1 FY22      H1 FY23          H1 FY22           H1 FY23       H1 FY22
                        Revenue                        7,834              8,125              1                -               -               -           7,835           8,125

                        Total segment
                                                       7,849              8,125              1                -               -               -          7,850            8,125
                        revenue

                        Inter-segment
                                                          (15)                -               -               -               -               -            (15)                   -
                        revenue

                        Underlying EBITDA               4,617           5,018           (302)             (174)              37           (82)           4,352           4,762




                    CONSOLIDATED PERFORMANCE

                    Revenue
                                                                                                                                           H1 FY23                 H1 FY22
                                                                                                                      Note1
                                                                                                                                            US$m                    US$m
                        Total iron ore revenue, US$ millions                                                             3                   7,022                  7,036
                        Total shipping revenue, US$ millions                                                             3                        715                1,063
                        Other revenue, US$ millions                                                                      3                        98                    26
                        Operating sales revenue, US$ millions                                                                                7,835                   8,125


                        Shipments, million wmt                                                                                                 96.9                    93.1
                        Ore sold, million wmt2                                                                                                 96.9                    92.1
                        Average 62% Fe CFR Platts index, US$/dmt                                                                                  101                  136
                        Average realised price, US$/dmt                                                                                           87                    96
                    1
                        Notes to the accompanying financial statements.
                    2
                        Our wholly owned trading entity maintains some inventory at Chinese ports and ore sold versus shipments reflects the timing differences that may occur
                         between shipments and sales to external customers.


                    Fortescue’s record shipments for the half year ended 31 December 2022 were 3.8Mt above H1 FY22 at 96.9Mt (H1 FY22: 93.1Mt),
                    and partially offset a nine per cent reduction in price realisation to US$87/dry metric tonne (dmt) (H1 FY22: US$96/dmt). The Platts
                    62% CFR Index averaged US$101/dmt in H1 FY23 which is a decrease of 26 per cent over the prior half year (H1 FY22: US$136/dmt).




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                            13
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS

                    The factors influencing realised prices in H1 FY23 include:
                    • Strong demand for Fortescue products, despite market volatility, with inventory levels at ports in China remaining low
                      throughout H1 FY23.




For personal use only
                    • Robust steel production in China despite COVID-19 restrictions disrupting China’s downstream steel demand, specifically in
                      the property sector, and a weakening global economic outlook.
                    • Reduced scrap availability and high scrap prices in China, underpinning strong demand for iron ore.
                    • Low steel margins in China which supported demand for Fortescue products from steelmakers.
                    • Increased Government policy support in China intended to stabilise the property sector, and support economic growth in
                      CY22 and CY23.


                    Production costs
                    The reconciliation of C1 costs and total delivered costs to customers to the financial metrics reported in the financial statements
                    under Australian Accounting Standards is set out below.

                                                                                                                           Note1                  H1 FY23                 H1 FY22
                        Mining and processing costs, US$ millions                                                             3                     1,428                    1,182
                        Rail costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                       137                      116
                        Port costs, US$ millions                                                                              3                       125                     109
                        C1 costs, US$ million                                                                                                       1,690                   1,407
                        Ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                        96.9                     92.1
                        C1 costs, US$/wmt                                                                                                           17.43                   15.28
                        Shipping costs, US$ millions                                                                          3                       792                   1,086
                        Government royalty2, US$ millions                                                                     3                      548                       541
                        Administration expenses, US$ millions                                                                 3                       140                      139
                        Shipping, royalty and administration, US$ millions                                                                         1,480                     1,766
                        Ore sold, million wmt                                                                                                        96.9                     92.1
                        Shipping, royalty and administration, US$/wmt                                                                                   15                      19
                        Total delivered cost, US$/wmt                                                                                                  33                       34
                        Total delivered cost, US$/dmt                                                                                                  36                       37
                    1
                        Notes to the accompanying financial statements.
                    2
                        Fortescue pays 7.5 per cent government royalty for the majority of its iron ore products, with a concession rate of five per cent applicable to beneficiated fines.


                    C1 costs averaged US$17.43/wmt for the half year, 14 per cent higher compared to the prior comparable period. The increase in
                    C1 costs reflects market inflationary pressures, including:
                    • Labour cost pressures reflecting significant demand for skilled labour across the resources industry.
                    • Increase in underlying base price of maintenance materials reflecting global supply chain constraints as production attempts
                      to return to post COVID-19 levels.
                    • Increase in energy and fuels costs, particularly diesel with Brent Crude Futures increasing from an average of US$76/barrel in
                      H1 FY22 to US$93/barrel in H1 FY23.

                    Other factors influencing C1 cost performance were movements in exchange rates, with the AUD to USD averaging 0.67 in H1
                    FY23 compared to 0.73 in H1 FY22. Strip ratio reduced to 1.4x in H1 FY23 from 1.5x H1 FY22. Total delivered costs was further
                    impacted by a 37 per cent decrease in the shipping index.

                    Fortescue has continued to focus on cost management whilst optimising margin. Inflationary pressures remain a risk. Fortescue
                    has actively managed cost increases through the cycle whilst also utilising the capacity in the value chain to generate record
                    shipments, aligning with Fortescue’s integrated operating and marketing strategy focusing on maximising margins and EBITDA
                    throughout the market cycle.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                               14
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS

                    Underlying EBITDA
                    Underlying EBITDA, defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration, development and other
                    expenses, is used as a key measure of the Company’s financial performance. During H1 FY23, Fortescue’s operations generated




For personal use only
                    Underlying EBITDA of US$4,352 million (H1 FY22: US$4,762 million), including US$283 million of operating expenses incurred
                    by FFI (H1 FY22: US$174 million). The reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the financial metrics reported in the financial
                    statements under Australian Accounting Standards is presented below.

                                                                                                                   H1 FY23            H1 FY22
                                                                                                 Note1              US$m               US$m
                        Operating sales revenue                                                     3               7,835                8,125
                        Cost of sales excluding depreciation and amortisation                       3               (3,110)            (3,052)
                        Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                            3                   35                (13)
                        Administration expenditure                                                  3                (140)               (139)
                        Research expenditure                                                        3               (280)                (160)
                        Other income                                                                3                   16                   1
                        Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                                (4)                   -
                        Underlying EBITDA                                                                           4,352               4,762
                        Finance income                                                              3                   61                   6
                        Finance expenses                                                            3                (116)                (82)
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                               3                (859)               (722)
                        Exploration, development and other expenses                                 3                 (40)                (16)
                        Net profit before tax                                                                       3,398               3,948
                        Income tax expense                                                                         (1,030)              (1,171)
                        Net profit after tax                                                                        2,368               2,777
                        Cost of early debt repayment after tax                                                            -                  2
                        Underlying net profit after tax                                                             2,368               2,779
                    1
                        Notes to the accompanying financial statements.

                    The key factors contributing to the nine per cent decrease in Underlying EBITDA from the prior period were:
                    • Nine per cent reduction in realised iron ore price to US$87/dmt (H1 FY22: US$96/dmt) reflecting reduction in the iron ore index.
                    • Five per cent increase in sales volumes from 92.1Mt in H1 FY22 to 96.9Mt in H1 FY23.
                    • 14 per cent increase in C1 cost to US$17.43/wmt in H1 FY23 from US$15.28/wmt in H1 FY22.
                    • Decrease in shipping costs to US$792 million in H1 FY23 from US$1,086 million in H1 FY22, reflecting movements in the
                      shipping index.
                    • Increase in FFI expenditure to US$283 million in H1 FY23 from US$174 million in H1 FY22.

                    FFI expenses have increased by US$109 million to US$283 million in H1 FY23 (H1 FY22: US$174 million) reflecting growth in FFI
                    operations and resourcing. Within FFI’s expenditure (expenses and capital) US$68 million incurred on initiatives related to the
                    decarbonisation of Fortescue’s iron ore operations in H1 FY23 (H1 FY22: US$40 million).




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                            15
                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                        FINANCIAL RESULTS

                                                                                   H1 FY22 vs H1 FY23 NPAT (US$m)
                                2,777            410         791                                        EBITDA Breakdown




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         48       8         21          137                               141           2,368
                                                                                                             292
                                                                                                                                                                            24

                                                                      208                    350

                                                                                  109




                                                                                                                                                                         Exploration,

                                                                                                                                                                                           Income tax
                                                                                                                                                                                                         H1 FY23
                                                                                  FFI

                                                                       C1 Costs
                                                                                             Shipping
                                H1 FY22          EBITDA
                                                             Price                                                               Other
                                                                                                                         Fx
                                                                                                             Volume
                                                                                                                                          Financing

                                                                                                                                                        Depreciation
                                                                                                Costs                                         costs                     development
                                                                                                                                                                           and other


                        The Underlying EBITDA of US$4.4 billion for H1 FY23 represents a margin of 56 per cent (59 per cent or US$52/dmt excluding
                        FFI). As illustrated in the chart below, Fortescue has been maintaining strong Underlying EBITDA margins through market
                        cycles, demonstrating the commitment to and focus on productivity, efficiency and innovation.

                        Underlying EBITDA by period below (excl FFI)

                                                                                         Underlying EBITDA, US$/dmt                                               62% Platts CFR Index, US$/dmt
                         200                                                             Average Underlying EBITDA, US$/dmt                                       Fortescue realised price, US$/dmt

                          180
                          160
                          140


              US$/dmt
                          120
                         100
                          80
                          60
                          40
                          20
                                            24              17           21             57              53              51         81             118                  58                 68                52

                                          H1 FY18         H2 FY18    H1 FY19      H2 FY19          H1 FY20            H2 FY20   H1 FY21      H2 FY21               H1 FY22              H2 FY22         H1 FY23

                        Other income
                        Other income reflects fair value gains on foreign exchange derivatives combined with favourable foreign currency exchange
                        movements.

                        Depreciation, interest and tax
                        Key non-operating matters forming part of the financial result include:
                        • Depreciation and amortisation of US$859 million is up 19 per cent on the prior period (H1 FY22: US$722 million) in line with the
                          commissioning of assets and an increase in production compared to H1 FY22.
                        • Decrease in net finance expenses to $55 million for H1 FY23 (US$76 million in H1 FY22) reflects higher interest income on cash
                          deposits and other financial instruments.
                        • Income tax expense for H1 FY23 of US$1,030 million represents an effective tax rate of 30 per cent (H1 FY22: US$1,171 million,
                          effective tax rate of 30 per cent). Income tax expense has decreased in line with underlying financial performance.

                        FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                                                     16
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS

                    Financial position and capital management                                                                 31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                                  2022                2022
                        Key metrics                                                                          Note1                US$m                US$m




For personal use only
                        Borrowings                                                                             4                 5,339               5,348
                        Lease liabilities                                                                      4                   738                 755
                        Total debt                                                                                               6,077                6,103
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                4,001               5,224
                        Net debt                                                                                                 2,076                 879
                        Equity                                                                                                   17,129              17,345


                        Key ratios
                        Gearing, %                                                                                                26                   26
                        Net gearing, %                                                                                             11                  5

                    1
                        Notes to the accompanying financial statements.


                    Debt and liquidity
                    Fortescue’s balance sheet is structured on low cost, investment grade terms with optimal gearing and liquidity levels to support
                    ongoing operations. The debt capital structure allows optionality and flexibility to fund future growth.

                    At 31 December 2022, Fortescue had US$5,526 million of liquidity available including US$4,001 million of cash on hand, US$1,025
                    million available under the revolving credit facility and US$500 million on the undrawn syndicated term loan. Total debt of
                    US$6,077 million, inclusive of US$738 million of lease liabilities, represents gross gearing of 26 per cent.

                    Revolving credit facility
                    The revolving credit facility of US$1,025 million remains undrawn at 31 December 2022. On 5 October 2022, the Company
                    completed an amendment to the facility’s reference rate, other repayment terms remained unchanged. The revolving credit
                    facility was indexed to London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and under the amendment the reference rate changed to the
                    Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).

                    Syndicated term loans
                    An amendment and restatement of the existing syndicated term loan was completed on 5 October 2022. The amendment
                    replaced the reference rate of LIBOR with the SOFR, other repayment terms remain unchanged.

                    An additional syndicated term loan facility was executed in December 2022 to the value of US$500 million, being available to
                    draw until December 2023. If drawn, interest would accrue based on a variable rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin, with the
                    principal due at maturity date of June 2027. This syndicated term loan facility was undrawn as at 31 December 2022.

                    The Company’s debt maturity profile at 31 December 2022, is set out in the table below. Fortescue has no financial maintenance
                    covenants across all instruments.

                                                                                Debt maturity profile (US$m)             1,500




                                                                          978

                                               750                                                                                      800
                                                                                                                700
                                                                                        600




                                 FY23       FY24        FY25        FY26         FY27     FY28       FY29    FY30      FY31       FY32        FY33

                                               Senior unsecured notes             Syndicated term loan      Green senior unsecured note

                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                     17
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS

                    Cash flows
                                                                                                                                             H1 FY23                  H1 FY22
                        Cash flows                                                                                                            US$m                     US$m




For personal use only
                        Cash generated from operations                                                                                        4,065                    4,428
                        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                               2,948                    2,136
                        Capital expenditure (including joint operations)           1
                                                                                                                                              (1,381)                 (1,488)
                        Free cash flow                                                                                                         1,567                      648
                    1
                        Capital expenditure comprises payment for property, plant and equipment and purchases of financial assets.

                    Cash generated from operations of US$4,065 million was eight per cent lower than the prior period, largely as a result of lower
                    Underlying EBITDA.

                    Net cash flows from operations include net interest payments of US$111 million (H1 FY22: US$100 million) and income tax paid of
                    US$1,006 million (H1 FY22: US$2,192 million).

                    Capital expenditure including joint operations and FFI investments was US$1,381 million for the half year (H1 FY22: US$1,488
                    million) reflecting ongoing expenditure on growth projects including Iron Bridge.

                    Dividends and shareholder returns
                    In September 2022, Fortescue paid a fully franked final dividend of 121 Australian cents per share for the financial year ended
                    30 June 2022.

                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022, Fortescue generated earnings of 77 US cents per share (H1 FY22: 90 US cents per
                    share) and, subsequent to period end, declared an interim fully franked dividend of 75 Australian cents per share (H1 FY22
                    interim dividend of 86 Australian cents per share. The interim dividend for the current period represents a payout ratio of 65 per
                    cent of net profit after tax, in line with the Company’s policy of maintaining a payout ratio of between 50 and 80 per cent.


                                                                                                                                              H1 FY23                 H1 FY22
                        Net profit after tax, US$ millions                                                                                      2,368                   2,777
                        Basic earnings per share, US cents per share                                                                             77.0                    90.3
                        Basic earnings per share, AUD cents per share¹                                                                          114.8                    123.7
                        Interim dividend, AUD cents per share                                                                                     75                      86
                        Dividend payout ratio, %                                                                                                  65                      70
                    1
                        Australian dollar earnings per share is calculated by translating the US dollar earnings per share at the average exchange rate for the period of AUD:USD
                         0.6708 (H1 FY22: AUD:USD 0.7319).




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                           18
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT
                    FINANCIAL RESULTS




                                                                  Dividends declared and payout ratios




For personal use only
                                                                                                        78%                80%
                                                                                                                 77%                     75%
                                                                                                                                                 65%
                                                                                                62%

                                                                                      52%
                                                                                                                           3.58
                                                                   38%      36%


                            21%                         21%
                                      17%      16%                                                               1.76                2.07
                                                                                       0.45             1.14
                            0.07      0.08     0.10      0.20                0.15                0.23                                           0.75
                                                                    0.05

                            FY11      FY12     FY13     FY14       FY15      FY16      FY17      FY18   FY19     FY20      FY21      FY22      H1 FY23


                                      Dividend, A$/share - paid        Dividend, A$/share - declared     Payout ratio - statutory NPAT



                    Share buy-back scheme
                    In 2018, Fortescue announced the establishment of an on-market share buy-back program of up to A$500 million which was
                    extended in October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is determined
                    periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting shares
                    within the span of any twelve month period.

                    Fortescue retains the option to undertake an on-market share buyback. During H1 FY23, Fortescue acquired none of its own
                    shares on market under the share buy-back program.

                    FY23 guidance
                    • Iron ore shipments in the range of 187 - 192Mt
                    • C1 costs for hematite of US$18.00 - US$18.75/wmt
                    • Capital expenditure (excluding FFI) of US$2.7 - US$3.1 billion
                    • FFI’s FY23 anticipated expenditure comprises US$500 - US$600 million of operating expenditure and US$230 million of
                      capital expenditure.

                    Guidance is based on an assumed FY23 average exchange rate of AUD:USD 0.70.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                               19
For personal use only
                                                           For the half year ended
                                                             31 December 2022


                                                  FINANCIAL
                                                 STATEMENTS
                                                                      Fortescue Metals Group Ltd
                                                                         ABN 57 002 594 872




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022   20
                        CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                                              Note       US$m           US$m
                        Operating sales revenue                                                                3         7,835          8,125
                         Cost of sales                                                                         3        (3,941)        (3,734)




For personal use only
                         Gross profit                                                                                   3,894           4,391
                         Other income                                                                          3            51                 1
                         Other expenses                                                                        3         (488)          (368)
                         Operating profit                                                                                3,457         4,024
                         Finance income                                                                        3            61                6
                         Finance expenses                                                                      3          (116)           (82)
                         Share of loss from equity accounted investments                                                    (4)                -
                         Profit before tax                                                                              3,398          3,948
                         Income tax expense                                                                             (1,030)         (1,171)
                         Net profit after tax                                                                           2,368           2,777
                         Profit is attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                                   2,368          2,777
                         Net profit after tax                                                                           2,368           2,777



                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                     31 December    31 December
                                                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                                                         US$m           US$m

                        Net profit after tax                                                                            2,368         2,777
                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods, net of tax:
                        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                           32          (6)
                        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
                        net of tax:
                        Gain on investments taken to equity                                                                     -         2
                        Other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax                                                     32          (4)
                         Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                          2,400         2,773
                         Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
                         Equity holders of the Company                                                                  2,400         2,773
                        Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                           2,400         2,773


                                                                                                                        Cents          Cents
                         Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
                         Company:
                         Basic earnings per share                                                                         77.0           90.3
                         Diluted earnings per share                                                                       76.8           90.1


                        The above consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction
                        with the accompanying notes.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                         21
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    At 31 December 2022

                                                                                                              31 December           30 June
                                                                                                                  2022               2022
                                                                                                   Note           US$m               US$m
                        ASSETS




For personal use only
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   4,001                5,224
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                  622                  468
                        Inventories                                                                                 1,186                1,084
                        Other current assets                                                                          117                  123
                        Total current assets                                                                       5,926                6,899
                        Non-current assets
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                    16                   24
                        Inventories                                                                                  525                  469
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                              21,127               20,650
                        Intangible assets                                                                            285                   257
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                             66                    70
                        Other non-current assets                                                                       29                    6
                        Total non-current assets                                                                  22,048                21,476
                        Total assets                                                                              27,974                28,375

                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                    1,393                1,564
                        Borrowings and lease liabilities                                             4                172                  173
                        Provisions                                                                                   323                  396
                        Current tax payable                                                                           210                 284
                        Total current liabilities                                                                  2,098                 2,417
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                       23                   21
                        Borrowings and lease liabilities                                             4             5,905                 5,930
                        Provisions                                                                                   953                  889
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    1,866                1,773
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                              8,747                 8,613
                        Total liabilities                                                                         10,845                11,030
                        Net assets                                                                                 17,129               17,345

                        EQUITY
                        Contributed equity                                                           5              1,044                1,053
                        Reserves                                                                                      130                  109
                        Retained earnings                                                                          15,952                16,175
                        Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company                                       17,126               17,337
                        Non-controlling interest                                                                        3                    8
                        Total equity                                                                               17,129               17,345

                    The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                        22
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                                             31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                                                 US$m               US$m

                        Cash flows from operating activities




For personal use only
                        Cash receipts from customers                                                               7,663            8,307

                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                      (3,598)           (3,879)

                        Cash generated from operations                                                            4,065             4,428

                        Interest received                                                                             54                5

                        Interest paid                                                                              (165)             (105)

                        Income tax paid                                                                          (1,006)           (2,192)

                        Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                 2,948             2,136

                        Cash flows from investing activities

                        Payments for property, plant and equipment - Fortescue                                     (827)           (1,061)

                        Payments for property, plant and equipment - joint operations                              (538)            (380)

                        Proceeds from disposal of plant and equipment                                                  9                4

                        Receipt of contributions from non-controlling interest                                         3                 -

                        Receipt of settlement of subsidiary purchase price                                             4                 -

                        Loan to equity accounted investee                                                             (1)                -

                        Purchase of financial asset                                                                  (16)             (47)

                        Net cash outflow from investing activities                                               (1,366)          (1,484)

                        Cash flows from financing activities

                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                        -            400

                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                      (10)                -

                        Repayment of lease liabilities                                                              (60)              (66)

                        Finance costs paid                                                                           (13)             (11)

                        Dividends paid                                                                           (2,378)           (4,712)

                        Purchase of shares by employee share trust                                                  (151)            (137)

                        Net cash outflow from financing activities                                               (2,612)          (4,526)

                        Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                (1,030)           (3,874)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                  5,224             6,930

                        Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              (193)             (157)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                        4,001            2,899

                    The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                    23
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        For the half year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company:

                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                                                Contributed                Retained              controlling    Total




For personal use only
                                                                                  equity       Reserves    earnings     Total     interest     equity
                                                                                  US$m          US$m        US$m        US$m       US$m        US$m
                        Balance at 1 July 2021                                     1,105           46        16,576    17,727          8       17,735

                        Net profit after tax                                            -            -        2,777     2,777           -       2,777

                        Other comprehensive loss                                        -          (4)             -       (4)          -          (4)

                        Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax           -          (4)       2,777     2,773            -      2,773

                        Transactions with owners:

                        Purchase of shares under employee share plans               (137)            -             -    (137)           -       (137)

                        Employee share awards vested                                  85          (85)             -         -          -            -

                        Equity settled share-based payment transactions                 -          121             -      121           -         121

                        Dividends declared                                              -            -       (4,712)   (4,712)          -      (4,712)

                        Balance at 31 December 2021                                1,053           78        14,641    15,772          8       15,780


                        Balance at 1 July 2022                                     1,053          109        16,175    17,337          8       17,345

                        Net profit after tax                                            -            -       2,368     2,368            -      2,368

                        Other comprehensive income                                      -           32             -       32           -          32

                        Total comprehensive income for the period, net of tax           -          32        2,368     2,400            -      2,400

                        Transactions with owners:

                        Purchase of shares under employee share plans               (151)            -             -     (151)          -        (151)

                        Employee share awards vested                                 142         (142)             -         -          -            -

                        Equity settled share-based payment transactions                 -          131             -      131           -         131

                        Acquisition of non-controlling interest                         -            -             -         -        (8)          (8)

                        Contributions from non-controlling interests                    -            -             -         -          3           3

                        Dividends declared                                              -            -       (2,591)   (2,591)          -      (2,591)

                        Balance at 31 December 2022                                1,044          130        15,952    17,126           3      17,129

                    The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                           24
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022




For personal use only
                    BASIS OF PREPARATION

                    1 Basis of preparation
                    The financial statements cover the consolidated group comprising of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd (the Company) and its
                    subsidiaries, together referred to as Fortescue or the Group.

                    (a) Statement of compliance
                    These general purpose consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with AASB 134
                    Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001.

                    The financial statements do not include all of the information required for full annual financial statements, and should be read
                    in conjunction with the annual financial report for the year ended 30 June 2022, and any public announcements made by the
                    Company during the half year ended 31 December 2022 in accordance with the continuous disclosure requirements of the
                    Corporations Act 2001 and the ASX Listing Rules.

                    The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 15 February 2023.

                    All amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest million dollars, except as indicated, in accordance with
                    the ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191.

                    (b) Significant accounting policies
                    The accounting policies applied in these financial statements are consistent with those applied by the Group in the 30 June 2022
                    consolidated financial statements.

                    Certain new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the
                    31 December 2022 interim reporting period and have not been applied in these financial statements. The Group is currently
                    assessing the impact of these new standards and amendments on future financial statements.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                             25
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022




                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

                    2 Segment information




For personal use only
                    Fortescue’s chief operating decision maker is identified as the Executive Chairman and its segments are identified based on the
                    internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Executive Chairman in assessing performance and determining the allocation
                    of resources. The following operating segments have been identified:
                    • Metals: Exploration, development, production, processing, sale and transportation of iron ore, and the exploration for other
                      minerals.
                    • Fortescue Future Industries (FFI): Undertaking activities in the global development of green electricity, green hydrogen and
                      green ammonia projects.

                    Corporate includes cash, debt and tax balances which are managed at a Group level, together with other corporate activities.
                    Corporate is not considered to be an operating segment and includes activities that are not allocated to other operating
                    segments.

                    Transfer prices between segments are set on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties. Where
                    segment revenue, expenses and results include transfers between segments, those transfers are eliminated on consolidation
                    and are not considered material.

                    (a) Underlying EBITDA
                    Fortescue uses Underlying EBITDA defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, exploration,
                    development and other expenses, as a key measure of its financial performance. The reconciliation of Underlying EBITDA to the
                    net profit after tax is presented below. The segment information is prepared in conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.



                                                          Metals                        FFI                Corporate               Consolidated

                                                    December December December December December December December December
                                                      2022     2021     2022     2021     2022     2021     2022     2021
                                               Note   US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m     US$m
                        Revenue from
                                                3     7,834        8,125            1             -           -           -        7,835        8,125
                        external customers

                         Total segment
                                                      7,849        8,125            1             -          --           -        7,850        8,125
                          revenue

                         Inter-segment
                                                        (15)            -           -             -          --           -          (15)             -
                          revenue


                        Underlying EBITDA             4,617        5,018       (302)          (174)          37        (82)        4,352       4,762


                        Depreciation and
                                                3      (831)       (668)          (2)           (1)       (26)          (53)        (859)        (722)
                        amortisation

                        Finance income          3                                                                                       61             6
                        Finance expense         3                                                                                    (116)           (82)

                        Exploration,
                        development             3                                                                                     (40)           (16)
                        and other

                        Income tax expense                                                                                         (1,030)      (1,171)

                        Net profit after tax                                                                                        2,368       2,777




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                            26
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022


                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED)

                    2 Segment information (continued)
                    (b) Segment assets




For personal use only
                                                    Metals                        FFI                  Corporate                Consolidated

                                            December       June       December          June    December        June         December      June
                                              2022         2022         2022            2022      2022          2022           2022        2022
                                              US$m         US$m         US$m            US$m      US$m          US$m           US$m        US$m
                        Segment assets         23,310        22,534         256           183       4,408          5,658       27,974       28,375


                    (c) Geographical information
                    Fortescue operates predominantly in the geographical location of Australia, and this is the location of the vast majority of the
                    Group’s assets. In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical
                    location of customers.

                                                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                                                     US$m               US$m
                        Revenue from external customers
                        China                                                                                        7,014              7,099
                        Other                                                                                         821               1,026
                                                                                                                    7,835               8,125


                    (d) Major customer information
                    Revenue from two customers amounted to US$833 million and US$633 million for the half year ended 31 December 2022
                    (31 December 2021: US$773 million and US$634 million), arising from the sale of iron ore and the related shipment of product.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                          27
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022


                    FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED)

                    3 Revenue and expenses
                                                                                                                                             31 December             31 December




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                                                                                 US$m                    US$m
                         Iron ore revenue                                                                                                            7,109                 8,390
                         Provisional pricing adjustments - iron ore                                                                                   (87)                (1,354)
                         Total iron ore revenue1                                                                                                    7,022                  7,036
                         Shipping revenue                                                                                                             757                   1,038
                         Provisional pricing adjustments - shipping revenue                                                                           (42)                      25
                         Total shipping revenue1                                                                                                       715                  1,063
                         Other revenue2                                                                                                                 98                      26
                         Operating sales revenue                                                                                                    7,835                   8,125
                         Mining and processing costs                                                                                               (1,428)                 (1,182)
                         Rail costs                                                                                                                  (137)                    (116)
                         Port costs                                                                                                                  (125)                   (109)
                         Shipping costs                                                                                                             (792)                 (1,086)
                         Government royalty                                                                                                         (548)                    (541)
                         Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                               (831)                  (682)
                         Other operating expenses                                                                                                     (80)                     (18)
                         Cost of sales                                                                                                            (3,941)                (3,734)
                         Net foreign exchange gain                                                                                                      35                        -
                         Other                                                                                                                          16                        1
                         Other income                                                                                                                   51                        1
                         Administration expenses                                                                                                     (140)                   (139)
                         Research expenditure                                                                                                       (280)                    (160)
                         Exploration, development and other                                                                                           (40)                     (16)
                         Depreciation and amortisation                                                                                                (28)                    (40)
                         Net foreign exchange loss                                                                                                        -                    (13)
                         Other expenses                                                                                                             (488)                   (368)
                         Interest income                                                                                                                61                        6
                         Finance income                                                                                                                 61                       6
                         Interest expense on borrowings and lease liabilities                                                                        (101)                    (69)
                         Loss on early debt redemption                                                                                                    -                     (3)
                         Other                                                                                                                         (15)                    (10)
                         Finance expense                                                                                                             (116)                    (82)

                    1
                         Certain sales contracts are provisionally priced at the initial revenue recognition (bill of lading) date, with the final settlement price based on a pre-determined
                         quotation period. Operating sales revenue from these contracts comprise two parts:
                    (i) Iron ore revenue and shipping revenue recognised at the bill of lading date at current prices; and

                    (ii) Provisional pricing adjustments which represent any difference between the revenue recognised at the bill of lading date and the
                          final settlement price.

                    Shipping revenue and the provisional pricing adjustments to shipping revenue are recognised over the period during which the shipping service has been
                    provided.
                    2
                         Other revenue includes towage services provided by Fortescue which is recognised as performed, and revenue from engineering services rendered, which is
                         recognised on a percentage of completion basis.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                                              28
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022




                    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                    4 Borrowings and lease liabilities




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      31 December            30 June
                                                                                                                          2022                2022
                                                                                                                          US$m                US$m
                        Senior unsecured notes                                                                               41                  41
                        Green senior unsecured notes                                                                         14                  15
                        Syndicated term loan                                                                                  9                  10
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                   108                 107
                        Total current borrowings and lease liabilities                                                      172                 173
                        Senior unsecured notes                                                                            3,522               3,519
                        Green senior unsecured notes                                                                       788                  787
                        Syndicated term loan                                                                               965                 976
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                  630                 648
                        Total non-current borrowings and lease liabilities                                               5,905               5,930
                        Total borrowings and lease liabilities                                                           6,077                6,103


                    Fortescue’s listed debt instruments are classified as level 1 financial instruments in the fair value hierarchy with their fair values
                    based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The senior unsecured notes had a fair value of US$3,239
                    million at 31 December 2022 (30 June 2022: US$3,145 million) and the green senior unsecured notes a fair value of US$753
                    million (30 June 2022: US$730 million). The carrying values of other financial assets and liabilities approximate their fair values.

                    Revolving credit facility
                    On 5 October 2022, the Company completed an amendment to the facility’s reference rate, other repayment terms remained
                    unchanged. The revolving credit facility was indexed to LIBOR and under the amendment the reference rate changed to the
                    Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The revolving credit facility remained undrawn at 31 December 2022.

                    Syndicated term loans
                    An amendment and restatement of the existing syndicated term loan was completed on 5 October 2022. The amendment
                    replaced the reference rate of LIBOR with the SOFR, other repayment terms remain unchanged.

                    An additional syndicated term loan facility was executed in December 2022 to the value of US$500 million, being available to
                    draw until December 2023. If drawn, interest would accrue based on a variable rate linked to SOFR plus a fixed margin, with the
                    principal due at maturity date of June 2027. This syndicated term loan facility was undrawn as at 31 December 2022.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                               29
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022




                    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

                    5 Contributed equity




For personal use only
                    (a) Share capital


                                                            Issued           Treasury       Contributed         Issued      Treasury      Contributed
                                                            shares            shares          equity            shares       shares         equity
                                                            Number           Number            Number           US$m          US$m           US$m
                        At 1 July 2021                   3,078,964,918       (1,660,510)    3,077,304,408        1,195          (90)           1,105
                        Purchase of shares under
                                                                       -   (10,861,898)        (10,861,898)          -          (137)           (137)
                        employee share plans

                        Employee share awards vested                   -     10,097,122          10,097,122          -            85              85

                        At 30 June 2022                  3,078,964,918      (2,425,286)    3,076,539,632         1,195         (142)          1,053
                        Purchase of shares under
                                                                       -    (12,941,738)       (12,941,738)          -          (151)           (151)
                        employee share plans

                        Employee share awards vested                   -    12,376,585         12,376,585            -          142             142

                        At 31 December 2022              3,078,964,918     (2,990,439)     3,075,974,479         1,195          (151)         1,044


                    (b) Issued shares

                    Issued shares are fully paid and entitle the holders to one vote per share and the rights to participate in dividends. Ordinary
                    shares participate in the proceeds on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of shares held.

                    (c) Treasury shares
                    Movements in treasury shares represent acquisition of the Company’s shares on market and allocation of shares to the
                    Company’s employees from the vesting of awards and exercise of rights under the employee share-based payment plans.

                    (d) Share buy-back program
                    During the period, the Company acquired none of its own shares on market under the share buy-back program which was
                    extended on 10 October 2020 for an unlimited duration. The maximum number of shares which can be bought back is
                    determined periodically by the Company’s 10/12 limit, being that a company cannot buy back more than 10 per cent of its voting
                    shares within the span of any 12 month period.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                              30
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    For the half year ended 31 December 2022




                    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT(CONTINUED)

                    6 Dividends




For personal use only
                    (a) Dividends paid during the half year
                                                                                                                     31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                                                         US$m                US$m
                        Final fully franked dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022: A$1.21 per share
                                                                                                                          2,591               4,710
                        (30 June 2021: A$2.11 per share)

                        (b) Dividends declared and not recognised as a liability
                                                                                                                     31 December         31 December
                                                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                                                         US$m                US$m

                        Interim fully franked dividend for the half year ended 31 December 2022: A$0.75 per
                                                                                                                          1,608               1,884
                        share (31 December 2021: A$0.86 per share)




                    UNRECOGNISED ITEMS

                    7 Commitments and contingencies
                    (a) Capital commitments
                    At 31 December 2022, Fortescue had contractual commitments to capital expenditure of US$1,038 million (30 June 2022:
                    US$965 million).

                    (b) Contingent assets and liabilities
                    On 26 August 2022, Fortescue joined the Native Title Compensation Claim proceedings brought by the Yindjibarndi Ngurra
                    Aboriginal Corporation (YNAC) against the State of Western Australia in the Federal Court of Australia. There is no present
                    indication of the quantum of compensation sought in the proceedings. Management will monitor the progress of these
                    proceedings up until the release of the 31 December 2022 interim financial report.

                    Fortescue remains open to negotiating a Land Access Agreement to the benefit of all Yindjibarndi people on similar terms to the
                    agreements it has in place with other native title groups in the region.

                    Fortescue had no material contingent assets or contingent liabilities at 31 December 2022 or at the date of this report. Fortescue
                    occasionally receives claims arising from its activities in the normal course of business. It is expected that any liabilities arising
                    from such claims would not have a material effect on the Group’s operating results or financial position.

                    8 Subsequent events
                    On 15 February 2023, the Directors declared an interim fully franked dividend of 75 Australian cents per ordinary share payable in
                    March 2023.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                              31
                                                                DIRECTORS’




For personal use only
                                                               DECLARATION

                                                                   DR ANDREW FORREST AO




                                      In the Directors’ opinion:

                                      (a) the interim financial statements and notes of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd set out on
                                          pages 21 to 31 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

                                          (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at
                                               31 December 2022 and of its performance for the half year ended on that date;

                                          (ii) complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the
                                                Corporations Regulations 2001;

                                      (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts
                                           as and when they become due and payable.

                                      The Directors have been given the declaration by the Executive Chairman and the Chief
                                      Financial Officer delegate for the half year ended 31 December 2022 in accordance with the
                                      4th Edition of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles
                                      and Recommendations.

                                      This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




                                      Dr Andrew Forrest AO
                                      Executive Chairman
                                      Dated in Perth this 15th day of February 2023.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                          32
                    Independent auditor’s review report For the half year ended 31 December 2022




For personal use only
                    Independent auditor’s review report

                    To the members of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd
                    Report on the half-year financial report
                    Conclusion
                    We have reviewed the half-year financial report of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd (the Company) and the entities it controlled during
                    the half-year (together the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022,
                    the consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated statement of cash flows and consolidated income statement and
                    statement of comprehensive income for the half-year ended on that date, significant accounting policies and explanatory notes
                    and the directors’ declaration.
                    Based on our review, which is not an audit, we have not become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the accompanying
                    half-year financial report of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd does not comply with the Corporations Act 2001 including:
                        1. giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2022 and of its performance for the half-year
                            ended on that date
                        2. complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.


                    Basis for conclusion
                    We conducted our review in accordance with ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the Independent Auditor of
                    the Entity (ASRE 2410). Our responsibilities are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year
                    financial report section of our report.

                    We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and
                    the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
                    Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to the audit of the annual financial report in
                    Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


                    Responsibilities of the directors for the half-year financial report
                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view in
                    accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors
                    determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the half-year financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from
                    material misstatement whether due to fraud or error.




                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                    Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                    T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                              33
                    Independent auditor’s review report For the half year ended 31 December 2022




For personal use only
                    Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the half-year financial report
                    Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the half-year financial report based on our review. ASRE 2410 requires us
                    to conclude
                     and          whether
                           fair view  of thewe Group's
                                                have become   aware position
                                                          financial   of any matter
                                                                                as atthat
                                                                                       31makes   us believe
                                                                                            December         thatand
                                                                                                          2022    the half-year  financial report
                                                                                                                       of its performance      foristhe
                                                                                                                                                     not
                    in                    the Corporations   Act 2001
                    andaccordance
                     half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financialat 31
                          fair view with
                                     of  the   Group's   financial     including
                                                                     position  as giving
                                                                                   at  31a December
                                                                                           true and fair view
                                                                                                         2022 ofand
                                                                                                                 the Group’s
                                                                                                                      of its  financial position
                                                                                                                             performance      for asthe
                    December
                    half-year   2022 andon  of that
                                               its performance  for the half-year ended   on that date, and complying
                                                                                                                AASB with134Accounting      Standard AASB 134
                     Reportingended                  date, andRegulations
                                   and the Corporations          complying    with
                                                                               2001. Accounting    Standard                    Interim Financial
                    Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                    Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                    AAreview
                        reviewof aof a  half-year
                                    half-year       financial
                                              financial  report report   consists
                                                                consists of makingof    makingprimarily
                                                                                     enquiries,   enquiries,   primarily of
                                                                                                           of persons          persons
                                                                                                                       responsible        responsible
                                                                                                                                    for financial and for
                                                                                                                                                      accounting
                    A  review
                     financial
                    matters,  and of
                                  anda half-year
                                        accounting
                                    applying       financial
                                                      matters,
                                              analytical        report
                                                                   and
                                                           and other     consists
                                                                         applying
                                                                     review         of making
                                                                                    analytical
                                                                            procedures.    A     enquiries,
                                                                                                 and
                                                                                             review is         primarily
                                                                                                       other review
                                                                                                       substantially          persons
                                                                                                                           ofscope
                                                                                                                        procedures.
                                                                                                                     less in             responsible
                                                                                                                                   thanAan review
                                                                                                                                             audit  is for in
                                                                                                                                                   conducted
                    financial   and
                     substantially
                    accordance         accounting
                                   withless  in scope
                                        Australian    matters,
                                                   Auditing       and
                                                           thanStandards
                                                                 an     applying
                                                                     auditand      analytical
                                                                           conducted             andnot
                                                                                          in accordance
                                                                               consequently    does    other  review
                                                                                                             with
                                                                                                         enable        procedures.
                                                                                                                 usAustralian
                                                                                                                    to obtain             review
                                                                                                                                       A that
                                                                                                                                Auditing
                                                                                                                              assurance        we is
                                                                                                                                            Standards
                                                                                                                                                   would become
                    substantially
                     and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
                    aware  of all     less  in
                                  significant   scope
                                              matters     than
                                                        that    an
                                                             might  audit
                                                                    be     conducted
                                                                       identified in an  in  accordance
                                                                                        audit. Accordingly, with
                                                                                                             we doAustralian
                                                                                                                    not express Auditing
                                                                                                                                 an audit   Standards
                                                                                                                                           opinion.
                    and   consequently
                     matters    that mightdoes      not enable
                                               be identified        us audit.
                                                                in an   to obtain   assurancewe
                                                                               Accordingly,       that
                                                                                                    do wenotwould
                                                                                                              expressbecome     aware
                                                                                                                         an audit        of all significant
                                                                                                                                   opinion.
                    matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.



                     PricewaterhouseCoopers
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                                                                                                                       Perth
                                                                                                                                            15 February 2023


                    Chris Dodd                                                                                                                 Perth
                    Chris Dodd
                    Partner                                                                                                        15 FebruaryPerth
                                                                                                                                               2023
                    Chris Dodd
                    Partner                                                                                                        15 February 2023
                    Partner




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                                   34
                    Auditor’s independence declaration For the half year ended 31 December 2022




For personal use only
                        and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2022 and of its performance for the
                        half-year ended on that date, and complying with Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                        Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                    Auditor’s independance declaration
                    A review of a half-year financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
                    financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is
                    substantially
                    As lead  auditorless  in review
                                     for the scope ofthan an   audit
                                                       Fortescue     conducted
                                                                   Metals        in for the
                                                                          Group Ltd accordance     with
                                                                                            half-year   Australian
                                                                                                      ended        Auditing
                                                                                                            31 December     Standards
                                                                                                                         2022, I declare that to
                    andbest of
                    the  consequently      does and
                                 my knowledge    not belief,
                                                      enable   us to
                                                             there   obtain
                                                                   have been:assurance that we would become aware of all significant
                    matters
                    	  (a) nothat might  be of
                                contraventions identified in an audit.
                                                   the auditor          Accordingly,
                                                                independence          we doofnot
                                                                              requirements      theexpress  an audit
                                                                                                    Corporations      opinion.
                                                                                                                 Act 2001
                              in relation to the review; and

                           (b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.

                    This declaration is in respect of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd and the entities it controlled during the period.
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        Chris Dodd                                                                                                     Perth
                    Chris Dodd
                    Partner                             15 February 2023
                    Partner 												 Perth
                    PricewaterhouseCoopers								15 February 2023




                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                    Brookfield Place, 125 St Georges Terrace, PERTH WA 6000, GPO Box D198, PERTH WA 6840
                    T: +61 8 9238 3000, F: +61 8 9238 3999, www.pwc.com.au

                    Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                         35
                    CONTACT DETAILS




For personal use only
                    Fortescue Australia                       Fortescue Shanghai, China
                    Level 2, 87 Adelaide Terrace              Unit 3, Floor 15 No. 1366 Lujiazui Ring    STAY IN TOUCH
                    East Perth, WA 6004                       Road Pudong New Area Shanghai,
                    T: +61 8 6218 8888                        P.R China                                  Latest news, reports and
                    F: +61 8 6218 8880                                                                   presentations via email
                    E: fmgl@fmgl.com.au                       Singapore                                  If you would prefer to receive
                    www.fortescue.com                         FMG International                          information such as annual
                                                              The Central                                reports, notices of meetings and
                    Fortescue VTEC and                        8 Eu Tong Sen St                           announcements via email, you
                    Community office                          24-91 Singapore 059818                     can change your communication
                                                                                                         preferences on the Registry website:
                    1B/2 Byass Street
                                                                                                         www.linkmarketservices.com.au
                    South Hedland, WA 6722
                    T: +61 8 9158 5800                                                                   To get in touch with any other
                    F: +61 8 6218 8880                                                                   Fortescue office, please contact
                    E: hedlandcommunity@fmgl.com.au                                                      reception@fmgl.com.au
                    E: vtec@fmgl.com.au

                    Australian Business Number
                                                                                                         @FortescueNews
                    ABN 57 002 594 872

                    Auditor
                    PwC
                    Level 15, 125 St Georges Terrace                                                     au.linkedin.com/company/
                    Perth, WA 6000                                                                       fortescue-metals-group
                    www.pwc.com.au

                    Securities Exchange listings
                    Fortescue Metals Group Limited                                                       www.facebook.com/
                    shares are listed on the Australian                                                  fortescuemetalsgroupltd/
                    Securities Exchange (ASX)
                    ASX Code: FMG

                    Fortescue Share Registry
                    Link Market Services Limited
                    Level 12, QV1 Building
                    250 St Georges Terrace
                    Perth, WA 6000
                    Locked Bag A14
                    Sydney South, NSW 1235
                    T: 1300 733 136 (within Australia)
                    T: +61 2 8280 7603 (International)
                    F: +61 2 9287 0309
                    www.linkmarketservices.com.au




                    FORTESCUE METALS GROUP LTD | FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE HALF YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022                                      36
